Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders, and return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. We plan to focus on our core business of investing in and developing and operating data centers. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers. Our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling, and high-level security systems. As of December 31, 2020, our portfolio included 291 data centers, with approximately 43.6 million rentable square feet, including approximately 5.4 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 2.3 million square feet of space held for development. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop and lease capacity at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Development requires significant capital investment to develop data center facilities that are ready for use, and we may encounter delays in securing customers for development projects. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply, and we continue to see strong demand in other key metropolitan areas across our portfolio. However, until this inventory is leased up, our return on invested capital will be negatively impacted. Our development activities make us susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the data center and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center solutions. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center capacity we provide or render the improvements in our facilities obsolete. Our ability to maintain or improve occupancy and lease currently available capacity depends on several factors, including supply and demand and data center market rental rates. We cannot assure you that these escalations will cover all the increases in our costs or will otherwise keep rental rates at or above market rates. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space, and we expect the rental rates we are likely to achieve on re-leased or renewed data center space leases for 2021 expirations will generally be consistent with the rates currently being paid for the same space.