We manage our operations through four reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, ingeniorx and other. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. In 2019, we began using ingeniorx to market and offer pharmacy benefits management services to our affiliated health plan customers throughout the country, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. Our comprehensive pharmacy benefits management services portfolio includes features such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, a prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. Ingeniorx delegates certain pharmacy benefits management administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to caremarkpcs health, l.l.c., which is a subsidiary of cvs health corporation, pursuant to a five-year agreement. With ingeniorx, we retain the responsibilities for clinical and formulary strategy and development, member and employer experiences, operations, sales, marketing, account management and retail network strategy. We believe these initiatives largely represent the next step forward in our progression towards becoming a more agile organization, including process automation and a reduction in our office space footprint. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management and health and wellness programs, innovative product design and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our cms star ratings. We continue to closely monitor the covid-19 pandemic and its impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and medical cost trends. The covid-19 pandemic has created unique and unprecedented challenges, and although it has impacted and will likely continue to impact our membership and benefit expense, it did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results in 2020. However, this may change in the future as the covid-19 pandemic is evolving, and the extent of its impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. We will continue to monitor the covid-19 pandemic as well as resulting legislative and regulatory changes that may impact our business. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends. We continue to closely monitor the covid-19 pandemic and the impacts it may have on our pricing, such as surges in covid-19 hospitalizations, infection rates, and the cost of covid-19 vaccines. We use operating gain to evaluate the performance of our reportable segments. Our definition of operating gain and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We use these measures as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, forecasting future operating periods and setting incentive compensation targets. Our ability to borrow under these credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants. We do not believe the restrictions contained in these covenants materially affect our financial or operating flexibility.