In response to the pandemic, the company took actions aligned with the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to protect its workforce so they could more safely and effectively perform their work. The company embraced guidelines set by these organizations, including social distancing, good hygiene, restrictions on employee travel and in-person meetings, and changes to employee work arrangements including remote work arrangements where appropriate. Management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. The company also took actions to conservatively manage its cash through reductions in planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 and by suspending its share repurchases in the third quarter. The company's financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company continues to generate substantial operating cash flow, including over $3.0 billion in each of the last two years. The company also increased its cash holdings to support liquidity in response to the potential effects of COVID-19. The company believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity, and return on total capital excluding certain items is more representative of the company's operational performance and may be more useful for investors. Management's actions to adjust to the lower demand caused by COVID-19 supported the company's commitment to its dividend plan. The company is well-positioned with a more agile and lean cost structure to sustain and build upon its strong profitability, particularly as late cycle end markets begin their recovery. The company also continued to invest and build on its innovation and technology footprint, including the strategic acquisition of Open Systems International, Inc. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or backup credit lines. The company’s restructuring initiatives are expected to yield improved operating margins as sales volumes recover. The audit committee meets with management and the company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. The company's disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized, and communicated to management and reported within the required time periods. The design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur and that estimates and judgments are required to assess the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or backup credit lines. The company’s management is responsible for the integrity and accuracy of the financial statements.