In 2020, we experienced a significant increase in personnel in information technology, which includes the addition of employees from our acquisition of certain assets of Apex, as well as roles to support customer acquisition and implementation, particularly as it relates to our growth drivers and to support general corporate functions. Our administrative employee count has grown in recent years due to an increased focus on technology capabilities, with 66.7% of the increase in administrative employees in 2020 over 2019 related to our additions to our information technology teams. We believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can serve our customers at the closest economic point of contact, which has evolved to include technologies such as vending and mobility to create social distancing. Our operations have continued to function effectively, including our internal controls over financial reporting, supported by the utilization of technologies where work duties allow to enable work from home capabilities. The pandemic created an environment that shifted significant resources to focus on rapidly and efficiently securing, transporting, and providing PPE to new and existing customers, which required robust IT capabilities to manage these operations effectively. Our in-market network forms the foundation of our business strategy, and we will continue to open or close locations as is deemed necessary to sustain and improve our network, support our growth drivers, and manage our operating expenses. The focus on technology management has been critical in navigating the challenges presented by the pandemic, as we adapted our operations to maintain service levels and support customer needs. We believe that our IT capabilities are essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force, enabling us to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The integration of technology into our business processes has allowed us to respond to market dynamics and customer demands more effectively, enhancing our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. Our strategic resource allocation towards IT investment reflects our commitment to maintaining a competitive advantage in the marketplace, as we continue to evolve our information management capabilities to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and access. The ongoing development of our IT architecture and infrastructure is vital for supporting our business innovation and transformation efforts, ensuring that we can adapt to changing business needs and directions. By leveraging our IT resources, we aim to optimize our business processes and enhance our overall firm performance, thereby creating value for our stakeholders and ensuring long-term sustainability in a dynamic business environment.