During 2020, we continued to advance innovation initiatives designed to enhance productivity, expand margins and reduce the capital intensity of our business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. We were successful in implementing and embedding many of these initiatives across our operations by utilizing data science, machine learning and integrated cross-functional agile teams to identify opportunities and drive improved overall performance. The ramp-up of underground production at the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia continues to advance on schedule, with combined average production rates expected to reach approximately 172,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2022 and 200,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2023. PT-FI expects production for the year 2021 to approximate 1.4 billion pounds of copper and 1.4 million ounces of gold, which is nearly double 2020 levels. The successful completion of this ramp-up is expected to enable PT-FI to generate average annual production for the next several years of 1.55 billion pounds of copper and 1.6 million ounces of gold at an attractive unit net cash cost, providing significant margins and cash flows. We are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our resources, the timing of which will depend on market conditions. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum, as well as other factors. We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our credit facility, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs. Subject to future commodity prices for copper, gold, and molybdenum, we expect estimated consolidated operating cash flows of $5.5 billion in 2021, plus available cash, to be sufficient to fund our capital expenditures of $2.3 billion in 2021, as well as projected spending on the new smelter in Indonesia and other cash requirements for the year, including common stock dividends and approximately $0.6 billion of noncontrolling interest distributions. In connection with the extension of PT-FI's mining rights from 2031 to 2041, PT-FI committed to construct a new smelter in Indonesia by December 21, 2023. A potential site for the new smelter has been selected in East Java, and ground preparation is advancing. Engineering and front-end engineering and design for the selected process technology are in progress. PT-FI continues to discuss with the Indonesian government a deferred schedule for the new smelter as well as other alternatives in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and volatile global economic conditions. We have significant mineral reserves, resources and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. We have no significant scheduled debt maturities in 2021, and we believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. The revised operating plans allowed us to maximize cash flow and protect liquidity and to preserve asset values in an uncertain economic environment. We are also evaluating other opportunities to enhance net present values, and we continue to consider future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions.