During fiscal 2020, we continued to advance our cloud-enabled, platform-based strategy in our applications and decision management software segments, leading to an increase in our cloud bookings. Our continued product innovation provides growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the power, flexibility, and modularity of these solutions. We have invested, and intend to continue to invest, in product development to build out and deliver features, functionalities, and performance enhancements using a SaaS-based approach on our platform. The increase in business-to-business scores was primarily attributable to an increase in mortgage volumes, a higher unit price in auto and unsecured originations, and a large annual license deal recognized during fiscal 2020. Our focus remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers, and ensuring business continuity, which includes operational flexibility and strong balance sheet management to navigate the impacts of COVID-19. We have not incurred significant financial disruptions thus far from the COVID-19 outbreak, but uncertainties remain regarding the pandemic's impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows. We derive a significant portion of revenues from transactional or unit-based software license fees, data processing, data management, and SaaS subscription services arrangements. The increase in facilities and infrastructure costs was primarily attributable to increased resource requirements due to expansion in our cloud infrastructure operations. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses, which may involve mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources to leverage the value of other resources and capabilities. Our revenue is primarily derived from term-based or perpetual licensing of software and scoring products and solutions, and associated maintenance; SaaS subscription services; scoring and credit monitoring services for consumers; and professional services. We recognize revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, which requires significant judgment in determining whether products and services are distinct and should be accounted for separately. We assess goodwill for impairment for each of our reporting units on an annual basis, considering macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, and internal cost factors. The restructuring charges related to employee separation costs as a result of eliminating positions throughout the company reflect our strategic resource allocation in response to changing business needs. Our operational flexibility allowed us to manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. The transition to a single software subscription contract with license and maintenance bundled will shift the timing of our revenue recognition, resulting in less revenue recognized upfront and more revenue recognized over the term of these subscriptions. We believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, as well as available borrowings from our revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to our continued investments in new product development, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and enhancing our IT capabilities.