The company has continued to prioritize investments in solutions that help address the needs of clients in order to increase the company's potential to resume strong revenue growth following the pandemic. We have continued to assist financial institutions in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. Our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. Over the last five years, we have moved approximately 73% of our server compute to our fis cloud located in our strategic data centers, with a goal to increase that percentage to 80% by the end of 2021. This transition enhances security for our clients' data and increases the flexibility and speed with which we can provide solutions and services to our clients. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions and services to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. Our internal efforts in research and development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. We have increased our investments in these areas in each of the last three years. Our innovation efforts have recently resulted in bringing to market our modern banking platform, which is among the first cloud-native core banking solutions. The covid-19 pandemic appears to be accelerating digitization of banking and payment services by requiring, in many cases, banks and bank customers to transact through digital channels. We have been providing our large regional banking customers in the U.S. with digital one, an integrated digital banking platform, and are now adding functionality and offering digital one to our community bank clients to provide a consistent, omnichannel experience for consumers of banking services. Digital one is integrated into several of the core banking platforms offered by fis and is also offered to customers of non-fis core banking systems. The payment processing industry is adopting new technologies, developing new solutions and services, evolving new business models, and being affected by new market entrants and an evolving regulatory environment. We believe that payment processors will need to enhance their technology platforms to deliver these capabilities and differentiate their offerings from other providers. FIS believes that its depth of capabilities and breadth of distribution will enhance its position as emerging payment technologies are adopted by merchants and other businesses. FIS remains focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect clients and information systems, which includes both capital expenditures and operating expenses related to hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. We also participate in industry and governmental initiatives to improve information security for our clients. Through the expertise gained with this ongoing focus and involvement, we have developed fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target growth opportunities in the financial services industry. The company's revenue is primarily derived from technology and processing services, payment transaction fees, professional services, and software license fees, indicating a strong reliance on IT capabilities to support business operations and client needs.