In response to the pandemic, we have implemented our readiness plans, which include steps to maintain critical internet infrastructure with many employees working remotely. We are also providing free online information technology security training for the public, aimed at helping high school and college students and professionals augment their security skill sets to open career opportunities and to help narrow the security skills gap. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad visibility and segmentation of the digital attack surface through our integrated Fortinet Security Fabric platform, which features automated protection, detection, and response. The Fortinet Security Fabric platform extends beyond the network to cover other attack vectors, including teleworker and remote security solutions, as well as secure access. Our dynamic cloud security solutions help customers connect securely to and across their individual, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments by offering security through our virtual firewall and other software products. We also offer managed IPS and web application firewall rules delivered by Fortiguard Labs as an overlay service to native security offerings. Our endpoint protection solutions provide core endpoint protection, advanced threat protection, incident monitoring, and response. The proliferation of IoT and OT devices has generated new opportunities for us to grow our business. We develop and provide artificial intelligence-driven security operations solutions, including Fortiguard and other security subscription services, that can be applied across the entire Fortinet Security Fabric platform. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs and is focused on both software development and the ongoing development of our hardware platform. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our research and development organization. Our sales and marketing expense is primarily driven by personnel costs, and we intend to hire additional personnel focused on sales and marketing to capture market share. We monitor our deferred revenue balance, deferred revenue growth, and the mix of short-term and long-term deferred revenue because deferred revenue represents a significant portion of free cash flow and future revenue. We consider billings to be a useful metric for management and investors because billings drive current and future revenue, which is an important indicator of the health and viability of our business. Our total deferred revenue balance grew significantly during 2020, reflecting the continued growth of our business and our ability to successfully manage our working capital. Our operating activities during 2020 provided substantial cash as a result of increased sales of our Fortiguard and other security services subscriptions. We expect proceeds from the exercise of stock options in future years to be impacted by the increased mix of restricted stock units versus stock options granted to our employees. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months, and our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate and the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts. Our business model typically involves selling security solutions to distributors and service providers, who then sell to end-customers across various industries, highlighting our capability to adapt to market dynamics and customer needs.