In 2020, revenue was impacted by lower information technology (IT) services volume in our technologies segment, driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The technologies segment's operating margin decreased due to COVID-related disruptions in our IT services business, including customer reimbursement of idle workforce costs at zero fee and a loss recognized on a contract with a non-U.S. customer from schedule delays caused by COVID travel restrictions. The technologies segment's operating performance steadily improved in the second half of 2020 with a reduced impact from the pandemic. We expect the technologies segment's 2021 revenue to be approximately $13.2 billion with an operating margin of around 9.5%. The reorganization of our information technology and mission systems operating segments into a single technologies segment reflects our evolving strategic focus on the combined capabilities of the businesses to meet customer demand for large-scale, end-to-end highly engineered solutions. Our IT capability, broadly defined, has become key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruptions to national and global economies and government activities, impacting our businesses and requiring us to assess further potential consequences to our employees, business, supply chain, and customers. We have continued to conduct our operations to the fullest extent possible while responding to the pandemic with actions that include modifying employee work locations and schedules, coordinating closely with suppliers and customers, and managing our cost structure in the context of current business activity. Our U.S. government business experienced some disruption from the pandemic, including reduced activities due to select customer site closures and limited access to some customer sites. The technologies segment's operating margin decreased 20 basis points compared with 2019 due to COVID-related disruptions in our IT services business. The technologies segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of U.S. and non-U.S. government and commercial customers, indicating the importance of our IT capabilities in supporting business needs. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity are sufficient to support our short- and long-term liquidity needs, which are critical for maintaining operational flexibility in the face of market dynamics. The technologies segment's estimated potential contract value remained stable in 2020 despite the impact of reduced new business opportunities caused by COVID-19, highlighting the resilience of our IT capabilities. We continue to assess the benefits and limitations of the actions taken by the U.S. government and other governments to support economic activity and liquidity in the capital markets, which are essential for our operational effectiveness and strategic resource allocation.