The automotive industry and GM are currently experiencing a global semiconductor supply shortage, which has impacted multiple suppliers that incorporate semiconductors into the parts they supply. We do not expect this shortage to impact our growth and electric vehicle initiatives, as we will continue prioritizing full-size trucks, SUVs, and electric vehicles. Our vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion, which guides our growth-focused investment in electrification, self-driving vehicles, and new products and services. Our strategy includes product leadership in electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles, continued leadership in trucks and SUVs, and developing and monetizing new software and services. We achieved $4.5 billion in cost savings primarily from reductions in automotive and other cost of sales and automotive and other selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated financial statements, inclusive of savings related to the wind-down of Holden sales, design and engineering operations, and the sale of our vehicle and powertrain manufacturing facilities in Thailand. We intend to continue to provide servicing and spare parts to customers for an extended period in Australia, New Zealand, Thailand, and India. We recorded charges primarily related to dealer restructuring charges, property and intangible asset impairments, inventory provisions, and employee separation charges in multiple countries. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had a material impact on our financial results, and the extent of its impact on our liquidity will depend on various factors, including the duration and severity of the outbreak, government responses, and the pace of recovery of economic activity. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the risk factors section. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. GM Financial's primary sources of cash include finance charge income, leasing income, and proceeds from the sale of terminated leased vehicles. The automotive industry is characterized by excess manufacturing capacity and the use of incentives, and we face competitive pressures that affect our ability to deliver new products and services in response to changing consumer preferences. Our ability to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles and in-vehicle systems, is critical. We are required to comply with increasingly complex, restrictive, and punitive regulations relating to our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing, and security of personal identifiable information. The ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on generating sufficient taxable income, and changes in our current estimates due to unanticipated market conditions could materially affect our ability to utilize deferred tax assets. Our strategic decisions are influenced by the need to align our operations with market dynamics and technological advancements, ensuring that we leverage our IT capabilities effectively to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency.