We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. In addition, we expect to continue to invest in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology assets, which includes servers and network equipment, to support the long-term growth of our business. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for compute, storage and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including machine learning, and data center land and building construction. Our technical infrastructure investments are designed to support all of Alphabet, including primarily ads, Google Cloud, search, and YouTube. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws and public policies, which could impact our business practices and financial results. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, where we continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We continue to assess the realized and potential credit deterioration of our customers due to changes in the macroeconomic environment, which has been reflected in our allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable. Additionally, over the course of the year we experienced variability in our margins as many of our expenses are less variable in nature and/or may not correlate to changes in revenues, including costs associated with our data centers and facilities as well as employee compensation. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on our business continues to evolve and be unpredictable. We believe the current environment is accelerating digital transformation and we remain focused on innovating and investing in the services we offer to consumers and businesses. For example, as it relates to Google Cloud, we continue to invest aggressively around the globe in our go-to-market capabilities, product development and technical infrastructure to support long-term growth. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. The increase in R&D expenses was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses, largely resulting from a 11% increase in headcount. Additionally, the increase in R&D expenses was partially offset by a decrease in travel and entertainment expenses. We continue to evaluate the pace of our investment plans, including, but not limited to, our hiring, investments in data centers, servers, network equipment, real estate and facilities, marketing and travel spending, as well as taking certain measures to support our customers, our overall workforce, and communities we operate in. Our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and historical trends in our financial results may differ materially. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.