The company has implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may continue to spur consolidation and we believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation. We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. We strive to be the provider system of choice in the communities we serve and to support our operations with unique enterprise capabilities and best in class economies of scale. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high quality care. We attract and retain physicians by providing high quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology, by expanding our specialty services and by building our outpatient operations. We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities. Our business strategy includes achieving industry-leading performance in clinical, operational and satisfaction measures. The highly competitive nature of the health care business requires us to continuously improve our IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. We believe the extent of the COVID-19 pandemic's impact on our operating results and financial condition has been and will continue to be driven by many factors, most of which are beyond our control and ability to forecast. We expect to finance capital expenditures with internally generated and borrowed funds, which will include investments in IT infrastructure and capabilities to enhance our operational flexibility and market responsiveness. We continue to leverage our scale and market positions to grow the company, which includes investments in technology that enhance our operational capabilities and support our strategic objectives. We believe our investments in IT resources and capabilities are essential for maintaining competitive advantage and achieving long-term business performance.