We believe that the investments we have made in recent years in our stores, interconnected and digital assets, associates, supply chain, and merchandising organization have allowed us to quickly adapt to shifts in customer needs and behaviors and the fluid circumstances created by the pandemic. As we adapted to operations in a COVID-19 environment during fiscal 2020, we took a number of actions to promote social and physical distancing. We also shifted store support operations to remote or virtual. The increase in online sales in fiscal 2020 was driven in large part by the impact of COVID-19, with customers continuing to leverage our digital platforms for their shopping needs. The execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds contributed to the increase in comparable sales. Our focus has been and continues to be on two key priorities: the safety and well-being of our associates and customers, and providing our customers and communities with the products and services that they need. We have been able to mitigate some of the impact of increased customer demand for certain products due to the benefits from our strategic investments and by working cross-functionally and partnering with our suppliers to make real-time adjustments to our product assortments. We believe the acquisition of HD Supply will help position the company to accelerate sales growth by better serving both existing and new MRO customers. The outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and has impacted our supply chain, operations, and customer demand. We continue to actively monitor our business and operations and may take further actions as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors, and shareholders. The increase in comparable average ticket and comparable customer transactions was primarily driven by an increase in the number of products sold per transaction and stronger in-store and online customer engagement. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, associate compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. We expect to complete strategic investments in fiscal 2021 that were deferred in response to COVID-19. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales, with net sales for fiscal 2020 increasing significantly, reflecting the impact of positive comparable sales driven by an increase in comparable customer transactions and comparable average ticket. The increase in net sales for fiscal 2020 primarily reflected the execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. We have focused on taking care of our associates by investing in additional pay and benefits, including expanded paid time off for all hourly associates to use at their discretion and the implementation of a temporary weekly bonus program. The enhanced pay and benefits implemented in fiscal 2020 resulted in additional expense, reflecting our commitment to support our associates during challenging times. Our strategic investments in interconnected and digital assets have allowed us to adapt to shifts in customer needs and behaviors, enhancing our operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics.