We have an end-to-end product portfolio from processing to moving and storing data, which offers innovative solutions that scale from edge computing to the network, the cloud, and the emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving. Our platform products can be a CPU and chipset, an SoC, or a multichip package, based on Intel® architecture that processes data and controls other devices in a system. Our broadened portfolio enables new opportunities for us and creates value for our customers, particularly in AI workloads that span from the cloud to the edge. We are developing CPU, GPU, FPGA, and AI accelerator products to support inference and training AI workloads while pursuing ongoing software optimizations for AI. The levels of efficiency and scale that cloud architectures brought to the data center are now being extended to the network and edge. Workloads are no longer static between enterprises and public clouds; they are distributed to a mix of hybrid and multi-cloud. Our data-centric businesses collectively grew 9% due to increased platform volume as cloud service providers increased capacity to serve customer demand. We are uniquely positioned to enable the world to unleash the potential of data, unlocking value for people, business, and society on a global scale. Our internet of things portfolio is comprised of our IoTG and Mobileye businesses, which develop high-performance compute platforms that solve for technology and business use cases that can scale across vertical industries and embedded markets. We reduce complexity in the ecosystem with a common architecture and software to help enable our customers to create, store, and process data at the edge to analyze it faster and to act on it sooner. The acceleration of data creation across industries requires high-performance compute at the edge built with AI and edge-native functionality. Our strategy is to continue to serve this market to unlock business opportunities for our partners and customers. We are transforming manufacturing today and expanding on what is possible for tomorrow's autonomous operations. We are driving the realization of Industry 4.0 and addressing industry challenges like the convergence of information technology and operational technology. Our technology innovations enable various tiers of memory and storage to ensure that critical data is close to the CPU for rapid access. Our products are available in innovative new form factors and densities to address the memory and storage challenges our customers face in a rapidly evolving technological landscape. We achieved record revenue in 2020, driven by improved NAND pricing and memory bit growth. Our strategy includes delivering innovative products at an accelerated pace, leveraging our heterogeneous architecture on advanced nodes. We face significant competition, and our ability to maintain a successful R&D effort, develop new products and manufacturing processes, and improve existing products and processes is critical to our competitive position. Our investments in new businesses, products, and technologies are inherently risky and do not always succeed. The internet of things market is fragmented and complex, requiring interoperability, standard-based approaches, software, developer tools, and the ecosystem working together to accelerate time to value with commercial solutions at scale. We are committed to delivering a portfolio of the best quality products, performance, and experiences to enable our customers to solve the world's most challenging problems.