Throughout this MD&A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars. Elevate our core business is our first pillar and is driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities. Accelerating growth in D&E markets is our second pillar and emphasizes personal care and K-C Professional with Latin America, China, Eastern Europe, and ASEAN as our priority markets. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our force program, focused on reducing costs everywhere. We continue to actively address the COVID-19 situation and its impact globally. We believe that we will emerge from these events well positioned for long-term growth, though we cannot reasonably estimate the duration and severity of this global pandemic or its ultimate impact on the global economy and our business and results. We have experienced increased volatility in demand for some of our products as consumers adapt to the evolving environment. The increase was followed by a period of demand softness as consumers used existing home inventories and demand returned to more normal levels. Our K-C Professional business experienced volume declines throughout 2020 reflecting the reduction in away-from-home demand. During 2020, we experienced temporary closures of certain facilities, though we did not experience a material impact from a plant closure and our facilities were largely exempt or partially exempt from government closure orders. We have been experiencing increased employee absences, which may continue in the current situation. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top-tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities, and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases. We expect capital spending to be approximately $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion in 2021, including spending associated with the 2018 global restructuring program and other growth initiatives. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, payments for our 2018 global restructuring program, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future. The factors described under item 1A, "risk factors" in this form 10-K, or in our other SEC filings, among others, could cause our future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. The assumptions used as a basis for the forward-looking statements include many estimates that, among other things, depend on the achievement of future cost savings and projected volume increases. In addition, many factors outside our control, including pandemics, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, potential competitive pressures on selling prices for our products, energy costs, general economic and political conditions globally and in the markets in which we do business, as well as our ability to maintain key customer relationships and to realize the expected benefits and synergies of the Softex Indonesia acquisition, could affect the realization of these estimates.