Lam Research Corporation has built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, chemistry, plasma and fluidics, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. Our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control enabling results on the wafer. We aim to increase our strategic relevance with our customers by contributing more to their continued success. Our customer support business group focuses attention on delivery solutions that meet our customers' technical requirements as well as productivity needs during the equipment lifecycle. Several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility; our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base; our collaborative focus with ecosystem partners; and our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of Lam's solutions to our customers. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and competency in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. The demand from the cloud, IoT, and other markets is driving the need for increasingly powerful and cost-efficient semiconductors. Technology inflections in our industry, including 3D device scaling, multiple patterning, process flow, and advanced packaging chip integration will lead to an increase in our served addressable market for our products and services in deposition, etch, and clean. Our cash flow provided from operating activities was primarily used for treasury stock purchases, dividends paid to our stockholders, and capital expenditures. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. Anticipated cash flows from operations based on our current business outlook, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next twelve months. However, uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry, as well as disruptions in credit markets, have in the past, and could in the future, impact customer demand for our products, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. The overall Asia region continued to account for a majority of our revenues as a substantial amount of the worldwide capacity investments for semiconductor manufacturing continued to occur in this region. Our critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements regarding the recognition and valuation of revenue from arrangements with multiple performance obligations, which impacts revenue. We evaluate if the deferred tax assets are realizable on a quarterly basis and will continue to assess the need for changes in valuation allowances. We routinely consider whether indicators of impairment are present for long-lived assets. If such indicators are present, we determine whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows attributable to the assets is less than their carrying value.