We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible additional fines and penalties), increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. Additionally, we have taken substantial measures to mitigate the negative financial and operational impacts for our hotel owners and our own business, including implementing business contingency plans around the world and adjusting these in response to the global situation. We reduced spending on capital expenditures and other investments, and as previously announced, we suspended share repurchases and cash dividends. We have significantly lowered the reimbursed expenses we incur on behalf of our owners and franchisees to provide centralized programs and services such as the loyalty program, reservations, marketing and sales, which we generally collect through cost reimbursement revenue on the basis of hotel revenue or program usage. We made capital expenditures, including expenditures on technology, of $135 million in 2020 and $653 million in 2019. Capital expenditures in 2020 decreased by $518 million compared to 2019, primarily reflecting the net lower spending on owned and leased properties and our worldwide systems. We expect spending on capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $575 million to $650 million for 2021, including contract acquisition costs, equity and other investments, loan advances, and various capital expenditures (including approximately $220 million for maintenance capital spending and our new headquarters). The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We continue to evaluate the availability of credits and benefits under the CARES Act and other legislation. Our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. We have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations. We also have the right to defer the closing on the put and call options, if exercised, to December 2024. Our credit facility provides for up to $4.5 billion of aggregate borrowings for general corporate needs, including to support our commercial paper program if and when we resume issuing commercial paper. We classify outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. We entered into amendments to the existing agreements for our U.S.-issued co-brand credit cards associated with our loyalty program, which provided the company with $920 million of cash from the prepayment of certain future revenues. We recorded the amount of cash received primarily in the deferred revenue caption, and the remainder in the liability for guest loyalty program captions, on our balance sheet.