We are a global leader in healthcare supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, community oncology and specialty care, and healthcare information solutions. We partner with life sciences companies, manufacturers, providers, pharmacies, governments, and other healthcare organizations to help provide the right medicines, medical products, and healthcare services to the right patients at the right time, safely, and cost-effectively. Our organizational structure includes corporate functions associated with administrative functions and projects, and the results of certain investments. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including revenues and operating profit before interest expense and income taxes. The U.S. pharmaceutical segment provides practice management, technology, clinical support, and business solutions to community-based oncology and other specialty practices. We have also partnered with the Department of Health and Human Services and Pfizer to manage the assembly and distribution of ancillary supplies needed to administer COVID-19 vaccines. We expanded our existing contractual relationship with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention through an amendment to our existing vaccines for children program contract to support the U.S. government as a centralized distributor of COVID-19 vaccines and ancillary supplies. Our response to COVID-19 has included enhanced safety measures, telecommuting policies, and the provision of technology resources to support remote work. We have evaluated the impact of our telecommuting and work-from-home policies on our internal controls and concluded that these policies did not have a material effect on our internal control over financial reporting. We are committed to continuing to supply our customers and protect the safety of our employees, which includes expanding employee medical benefits covering COVID-19 related visits and treatments. We have also established special, dedicated vaccine distribution centers that include large-scale, custom freezers and refrigerators to safely store and process millions of vaccine doses. The capital expenditures made during 2021 to prepare for vaccine and ancillary supply kit distribution were not material to our financial condition or liquidity. We are monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic impacts on our supply chain and have assembled a critical care drug task force focused on securing additional product where available. We continue to work with manufacturers, industry partners, and government agencies to meet the needs of our customers during the pandemic. Our organizational capabilities in managing complex supply chains and technology resources have been critical in responding to the challenges posed by COVID-19. We have taken measures to mitigate risks associated with market price volatility and changes to anticipated customer demand. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities support our business needs and enhance our operational efficiency, allowing us to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer demands. The full extent to which COVID-19 will impact us depends on many factors, including governmental actions to limit the spread of the virus, the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines, and the overall economic environment. We continue to monitor our customers closely for changes to their timing of payments or ability to pay amounts owed to us as a result of COVID-19 pandemic impacts on their businesses.