We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, our market leadership in developed and emerging markets, our deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities, and our efficiency and sustainability efforts, will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We have been actively monitoring the outbreak of COVID-19 and its impact globally. Our highest priorities continue to be the safety of our employees and working with our employees and network of suppliers and customers to help maintain the global food supply chain. We were able to leverage learnings from our timely response to the initial outbreak in China, and we put in place procedures across our supply chain to help mitigate the risk that our manufacturing sites will experience material closures or disruptions. We continue to monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions. We use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. As part of our strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our availability across multiple channels. We continue to enhance resilience plans to aid in dealing with anticipated border delays. We are adapting our systems and processes for new and increased customs transactions. We continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the U.K. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in emerging markets. Some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data. We also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. We have been, and we expect to continue to be, in compliance with our debt covenants. We will continue to monitor the quality of our assets and our overall financial position over coming quarters.