In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have focused on helping people stay connected, assisting the public health response, and working on the economic recovery. We have also continued to invest based on the following company priorities: continue making progress on the major social issues facing the internet and our company, including privacy, safety, and security; build new experiences that meaningfully improve people's lives today and set the stage for even bigger improvements in the future; keep building our business by supporting the millions of businesses that rely on our services to grow and create jobs; and communicate more transparently about what we're doing and the role our services play in the world. Our business has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in authorities implementing numerous preventative measures to contain or mitigate the outbreak of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on business activity, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders. These measures have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide, which have significantly impacted our business and results of operations. We expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We intend to continue to invest in our business based on our company priorities, and we anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities, as well as scaling our headcount to support our growth, will continue to drive expense growth in 2021. Our research and development expenses in 2020 increased due to increases in payroll and benefits expenses as a result of a growth in employee headcount in engineering and other technical functions supporting our continued investment in our family of products and consumer hardware products. We plan to continue to hire software engineers and other technical employees, and to increase our investment to support our research and development initiatives. The increase in cash used in investing activities during 2020 compared to 2019 was due to increases in purchases of equity investments and in net purchases of marketable securities. Our cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products, including expenses related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure. We anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $21 billion to $23 billion in 2021. The evaluation of our performance is influenced by the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, and the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising, and our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications. We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. The number of ads we show is subject to methodological changes as we continue to evolve our ads business and the structure of our ads products. Our advertising revenue increased significantly in 2020, driven by an increase in the number and frequency of ads displayed across our products, and an increase in users. The increase in operational expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure is expected to continue to support user growth, increased user engagement, and the delivery of new products and services. We believe that our investments in technology infrastructure and operational capabilities are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and supporting our strategic objectives.