3M manages its operations in four operating business segments: safety and industrial; transportation and electronics; health care; and consumer. The company is impacted by the global pandemic and related effects associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19), which have affected its supply chains relative to global demand for products. 3M continues to work to protect its employees and the public, maintain business continuity, and sustain its operations, including ensuring the safety and protection of people who work in its plants and distribution centers across the world. The company has taken steps to help employees lead safe and productive lives during the outbreak, including remote working and escalated procedures in factories related to personal safety. 3M closely monitors how the spread of COVID-19 is affecting employees and business operations and has preparedness plans to help protect the safety of employees while safely continuing business. The company continues to evaluate the extent to which it may avail itself of various government-sponsored COVID-response stimulus, relief, and production initiatives around the world. 3M is investing in an initiative called business transformation, which encompasses the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis, as well as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3M. The company has implemented plant and/or line shutdowns during 2020 related to certain markets due to weaker customer demand or government mandates. 3M's total sales increased 0.1% for the full year 2020 when compared to 2019, with organic local-currency sales decreasing 1.7%. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on 3M's consolidated results of operations was primarily driven by factors related to changes in demand for products and disruption in global supply chains. 3M recorded non-divestiture-related restructuring pre-tax charges aggregating $195 million in 2020, including charges to address certain COVID-related impacts and actions to further enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. The company also experienced year-over-year increased costs as a result of the regular review of its respirator mask liabilities and certain follow-on accelerated depreciation. 3M's operating income margins increased 3.1 percentage points year-on-year for the year ending December 31, 2020, driven by lower significant litigation-related charges and higher gains on divestitures. The company continues to monitor discretionary spending and deploy cost control efforts as the situation continues. 3M utilizes a number of tools to hedge currency risk related to earnings, including natural hedges and financial hedges to mitigate currency risk. The company has avoided disruption to its manufacturing operations through careful management of existing raw material inventories, strategic relationships with key suppliers, and development as well as qualification of additional supply sources. 3M continues to invest in its key initiatives, including R&D aimed at disruptive innovation programs with the potential to create entirely new markets and disrupt existing markets. The company also closely monitors and responds to potential impacts to its broader supply chain associated with other products. Overall, 3M's business transformation and ongoing investments in technology and operational capabilities are designed to enhance its organizational effectiveness and support its strategic objectives in a rapidly changing business environment.