Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The company has implemented remote working for many employees and aligned with the social distancing protocols recommended by public health authorities. Altria believes that remote working due to the COVID-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. Although Altria's tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several of their manufacturing facilities in March 2020, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols in April 2020, and all manufacturing facilities are currently operational under enhanced safety protocols. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic and their effect on adult tobacco consumers, including stay-at-home practices and disposable income, which may be impacted by unemployment rates and fiscal stimulus. Altria also continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases, and adoption of non-combustible products. Altria has considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Juul, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity, in conducting its periodic impairment assessment and quantitative valuations. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Juul's business in its quarterly valuations of Juul. Altria has considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Cronos, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity. Cronos has been and continues to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, due in part to government action requiring closures or limited occupancy of retail stores in the United States. During the second quarter of 2020, Cronos recorded an impairment charge on goodwill and intangible assets as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria will continue to monitor its investment in Cronos, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Cronos's business and market valuation. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain are also subject to government actions that may require the closure of a facility and remote working protocols. To date, Altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems but is continuing to monitor these factors. The majority of retail stores in which Altria's tobacco products are sold, including convenience stores, have been deemed to be essential businesses by authorities and have remained open. Altria continues to monitor the risk that one or more suppliers, distributors, or any other entities within its supply and distribution chain closes temporarily or permanently. Altria's operations have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and the company has taken steps to mitigate risks associated with its liquidity, operations, supply, and distribution chains. Altria's ability to effectively support business needs through its IT capabilities has become crucial in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The application of physical or intangible IT resources, such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding, further supports organizational goals.