We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data, and technology, our actionable solutions power better investment decisions by enabling our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. Our growth strategy includes enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, expanding solutions that empower client customization, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. We are committed to driving an integrated solutions-based approach, achieving service excellence, and delivering flexible, cutting-edge technology and platforms. Research and development expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services. Our business is not highly capital intensive, and we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our profits into excess cash in the future. We utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures, and we review expenses by activity, which provides more transparency into how resources are being deployed. We are focused on product innovation to address the evolving needs of our clients in light of changing investment trends and an increasingly complex industry. Our content and capabilities can be accessed by our clients through multiple channels and platforms. As of December 31, 2020, we had offices in more than 30 cities across more than 20 countries to help serve our diverse client base. Our revenues are characterized by type, which broadly reflects the nature of how they are recognized or earned. We also group our operating expenses into activity categories based on the nature of the expense or, when not directly attributable, an estimated allocation based on the type of effort involved. Selling and marketing expenses consist of costs associated with acquiring new clients or selling new products or product renewals to existing clients, including the costs of our sales and marketing teams, as well as costs incurred in other groups associated with acquiring new business, including product management, research, technology, and sales operations. We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for the payment of cash compensation expenses, office rent, technology costs, market data costs, interest expenses, and income taxes. The increase in revenues from asset-based fees was driven by growth in revenues from all of our indexed investment product categories, including an increase in revenues from exchange-traded futures and options contracts linked to MSCI indexes that were primarily driven by price increases. The increase in revenues from asset-based fees was also driven by higher revenues from non-ETF indexed funds linked to MSCI indexes, which was driven by price increases and an increase in average AUM. The effective tax rate reflects the impact of certain discrete items primarily related to excess tax benefits recognized on the vesting of equity awards during the period. Our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth.