The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Nasdaq should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K. The increase in compensation and benefits expense in 2020 was primarily driven by an increase in headcount as a result of our strategic initiatives, higher performance incentives, and higher compensation costs resulting from our recent acquisitions. Computer operations and data communications expense increased in 2020 primarily due to higher software and hardware maintenance costs, higher cloud costs, higher market data feed costs, and our recent acquisitions. The increase in market technology revenues was primarily due to higher SaaS revenues and a favorable impact from foreign exchange. We have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed acquisitions and divestitures in recent years which have resulted in expenses that would not have otherwise been incurred. These expenses generally include integration costs, as well as legal, due diligence, and other third-party transaction costs. We initiated the transition of certain technology platforms to advance our strategic opportunities as a technology and analytics provider and continue the realignment of certain business areas. The increase in cash equity trading revenues was primarily due to higher U.S. industry trading volumes and higher European value traded, partially offset by lower overall U.S. matched market share executed on Nasdaq's exchanges. Our investment portfolio was primarily comprised of highly rated European government debt securities, which pay a fixed rate of interest. We are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital for the clearing operations of Nasdaq Clearing. The level of regulatory capital required to be maintained is dependent upon many factors, including market conditions and creditworthiness of the counterparty. We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties, and clearing agents. We limit our exposure to credit risk by evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. Our objective is to invest in securities to preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. We believe that the risk of material loss is limited, as Nasdaq execution services' customers are not permitted to trade on margin. We have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. We perform sensitivity analyses to determine the effects of market risk exposures. We have also implemented various strategic initiatives and completed acquisitions and divestitures in recent years that have resulted in expenses which would not have otherwise been incurred. The increase in operational efficiency was driven by higher demand for our connectivity services. The increase in listing services revenues was primarily due to higher U.S. listings revenues due to an increase in the overall number of listed companies. We continue to prudently assess our capital deployment strategy through balancing acquisitions, internal investments, debt repayments, and shareholder return activity including share repurchases and dividends. We expect that our operations and the availability under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program will provide sufficient cash to fund our operating expenses, capital expenditures, debt repayments, any share repurchases, and any dividends. We understand that analysts and investors regularly rely on non-GAAP financial measures to assess operating performance. Our management uses non-GAAP information internally, along with U.S. GAAP information, in evaluating our performance and in making financial and operational decisions.