The increase in operating margin is due primarily to increased revenues and decreased marketing costs, coupled with cost of revenues, technology and development, and general and administrative costs growing at a slower rate as compared to the 24% increase in revenues. Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for all technology personnel, as well as other costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. The increase in technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2019 was primarily due to a $254 million increase in personnel-related costs, including increases in compensation for existing employees and growth in average headcount to support the increase in our production activity and continued improvements in our streaming service. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to open connect, payroll and related personnel expenses and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering content over the internet. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, streaming delivery, marketing programs and personnel-related costs. We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheets. For licensed content, we capitalize the fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. Our business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. We anticipate that these actions and the global health crisis caused by COVID-19, including any resurgences, will continue to negatively impact business activity across the globe. While we and our partners have resumed productions and related operations in many parts of the world, our ability to produce content remains affected by the pandemic. The timing of certain production payments has been and will continue to be delayed until productions can resume and may be shifted to future years. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and stockholders. The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2019 was primarily due to a $1,591 million increase in content amortization relating to our existing and new content, including more exclusive and original programming. The increase in revenues was driven by a long-term trend toward streaming on-demand entertainment and due to the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social restrictions and local government mandates of home confinement in certain jurisdictions.