On December 7, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our IT and mission support services business for $3.4 billion in cash. The IT and mission support services business is comprised of the majority of the information solutions and services division of defense systems, select cyber, intelligence and missions support programs, and the space technical services business unit of space systems. The assets and liabilities of the IT and mission support services business were classified as held for sale in the consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2020. We expect to complete the sale of the IT and mission support services business in the first quarter of 2021, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. The company has taken and continues to take robust actions to help ensure compliance with the terms of the order issued by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which enables the acquisition to proceed and provides for solid rocket motors to be available on a non-discriminatory basis under certain circumstances and processes. The company has considered and continues to consider guidance from health organizations and governmental authorities regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our operations. We have expanded IT and communication support to enhance employee productivity, required or enabled employees to work from home or remotely where practicable, and adjusted workspaces and shift schedules to facilitate social distancing. Our goals have been to lessen the potential adverse impacts and to continue to position the company for long-term success. We have also taken various steps to support our suppliers, particularly critical small and midsized business partners, including passing through increased progress payments from the Department of Defense to our suppliers and accelerating payments to certain suppliers. The company's overall 2020 revenue and operating income were not significantly impacted by COVID-19. However, we cannot predict how this dynamic situation will evolve or the impact it will have on the company. The market for defense products, services, and solutions globally is driven by complex and evolving security challenges, which are considered in the broader context of political and socioeconomic priorities. The global geopolitical and economic environments continue to be impacted by uncertainty, including changes in international trade policies and higher tariffs on imported goods. The U.S. continues to face an uncertain and changing political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets. The budget control act of 2011 mandated spending caps for all federal discretionary spending, including specific limits for defense and non-defense spending. We believe that our capabilities, particularly in space, missiles, missile defense, hypersonics, counter-hypersonics, survivable aircraft, and mission systems, should help our customers to meet the threats and continue to allow for long-term profitable growth in our business. The company has reorganized its sectors to better align its broad portfolio to serve its customers' needs, which reflects core capabilities across various business areas. We manage and assess our business based on our performance on contracts and programs, recognizing sales from our portfolio of long-term contracts as control is transferred to the customer. The discussion of results of operations focuses on our segments and includes sales and operating income for legacy innovation systems subsequent to the merger date. We assess our performance using certain financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP, which may be useful to investors in evaluating the company's underlying financial performance.