The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant global economic uncertainty, adversely impacting the business of our customers, partners, and vendors, which in turn affects our business and results of operations. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic across our business. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we focused on maintaining business continuity, helping our employees, customers, and communities, and preparing for the future and the long-term success of our business. We build applications to meet that demand by automating existing processes and creating efficient, digitized workflows with a consumer-grade user experience. Our products and services enable the steps of a job to flow naturally across disparate departments, systems, and processes of a business. We primarily deliver our software via the internet as a service through a simple and easy-to-use interface so that we can rapidly deploy our packaged offerings, and customers can easily build their custom applications. Our professional services organization is focused on strategic advisory, implementation, and consulting services to accelerate platform adoption and drive customer outcomes. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2021, to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our digital workflow products include the Now platform, IT service management, IT business management, and various applications designed to enhance operational efficiency. We expect our cost of subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2021, to increase in absolute dollars as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase usage within our customer instances. Our research and development expenses increased significantly as we continue to improve the existing functionality of our services, develop new applications to fill market needs, and enhance our core platform. We expect general and administrative expenses for the year ending December 31, 2021, to increase in absolute dollars, focusing on digital transformation projects across functions to improve processes. Our revenues have increased over the periods presented due to increased sales to new and existing customers. We have historically seen an increase in marketing expenses in response to our annual knowledge user conference, which was replaced with digital events due to the pandemic. Our renewal rate was 98% for each of the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018. We believe information regarding the total number of customers with annual contract value greater than $1 million provides useful information to investors because it is an indicator of our growing customer base and demonstrates the value customers are receiving from the Now platform. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 and its impact on customer acquisition and renewal rates. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, government responses, and the impact on our customers and sales cycles. The changes we have implemented have not affected and are not expected to affect our ability to maintain operations, including financial reporting systems, internal control over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures.