In this annual report, we continue to look for ways to reduce our environmental impact and utilize more efficient technologies, which reflects our commitment to leveraging technology resources in support of business strategies. Our growth strategy is focused around connecting diversified supply basins from the rocky mountain region through the mid-continent region and the permian basin with ngl product demand from the petrochemical and refining industries and ngl export demand in the gulf coast. We operate an integrated, reliable, and diversified network of ngl and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, storage, and transportation assets connecting supply in key market centers. Our capital expenditures decreased due primarily to our previously completed capital-growth projects, as well as our paused and suspended capital-growth projects related to weakened commodity prices and economic disruption caused by covid-19. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations and quarterly cash dividends, which indicates our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation. Our investment-grade credit ratings have remained stable, which supports our capability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources effectively. We assess our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable, demonstrating our commitment to maintaining operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial as we adapt to changing business needs and directions. Our management uses a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance, which includes evaluating segment operating results using adjusted ebitda and our operating metrics, allowing investors to analyze the various components of segment financial results in terms of volumes and rate/price. We believe these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they and similar measures are used by many companies in our industry as a measurement of financial performance. Our ability to control operating costs and make cost-saving changes is essential in a challenging market environment, and we continue to monitor producers' drilling, completion, and production plans, which are increasingly positive as commodity prices have stabilized and improved. The impact of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including changes with respect to income and other taxes, pipeline safety, environmental compliance, and climate change initiatives, could affect our operational capabilities and market responsiveness. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations, which supports our strategic management practices and enhances our operational flexibility. Our assessment of goodwill for impairment and the evaluation of our investments in unconsolidated affiliates are critical to ensuring that our financial reporting accurately reflects our organizational capabilities and strategic resource allocation. We expect total capital expenditures to decrease relative to 2020 due to our previously completed capital-growth projects and paused and suspended capital-growth projects, unless producer activity levels warrant additional infrastructure, highlighting our focus on actionable investments and business strategy alignment.