Oracle provides products and services that address enterprise information technology (IT) environments, including applications and infrastructure offerings delivered through various flexible and interoperable IT deployment models such as on-premise, cloud-based, and hybrid deployments. The company emphasizes choice and flexibility to customers, facilitating product, service, and deployment combinations that best suit their needs. The cloud and license business, which represented 83% of total revenues, markets, sells, and delivers a broad spectrum of applications and infrastructure technologies. Revenues from cloud services and license support are generated through the sale of license support contracts and cloud services, which are recognized ratably over the contractual term. The company has experienced increased customer demand for applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through Oracle Cloud services, leading to the introduction of programs for customers to pivot their applications to the cloud and expand their existing workloads. The growth in cloud services and license support revenues is attributed to increased customer purchases and renewals of cloud-based services and license support contracts. The cloud and license business' revenue growth is influenced by factors such as economic conditions, competitive positioning, and customer contract renewals. Investments in research and development are deemed essential for maintaining competitive positioning, with a focus on enhancing cloud and license products and services. The hardware business, which provides a selection of hardware products and related software, is interdependent with the cloud and license business, and revenues are recognized upon delivery of hardware products. The services business aims to maximize performance for customers' investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies, with revenues recognized over time as services are performed. The company’s selective acquisition strategy aims to enhance its technology resources and capabilities, with a focus on funding future acquisitions through internally available cash and marketable securities. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely affected revenues across all business segments, particularly in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. The company anticipates that the demand for cloud services and license support offerings will continue to grow, enabling further investments in research and development to improve its offerings. Overall, Oracle's IT capabilities are integral to its strategy for transforming into a competitive force, with a focus on mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in conjunction with leveraging other organizational capabilities to meet business needs and enhance performance outcomes.