In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company. Our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price, reflecting "good," "better," and "best" alternatives. Consumers' willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum is a driver of sales and profitability in our industry. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. We believe the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, and average vehicle age. The total number of vehicles on the road and the average age of the vehicle population heavily influence the demand for products sold within the automotive aftermarket industry. We believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles, and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O'Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the economy, placing pressure on our business beginning in mid-March 2020, as stay-at-home orders and/or business restrictions were put in place in most cities, counties, and states. We believe these government stimulus payments, along with the easing of stay-at-home orders and the associated market reopenings, led to strong demand for our products beginning in April and continuing through the remainder of 2020. Our comparable store sales increase for the year ended December 31, 2020, was driven by increases in average ticket and transaction counts for both DIY and professional service provider customers. The improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. As the COVID-19 stay-at-home orders and business restrictions took effect in our markets, transaction counts for both DIY and professional service provider customers turned sharply negative; however, improved transaction counts continued through December 2020, as states implemented reopening plans and many individuals returned to work. We opened 155 net new U.S. stores and one new store in Mexico during the year ended December 31, 2020. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, and operate and maintain our existing stores. The primary sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility. As we operated amid uncertainty and disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have demonstrated our ability to take prudent steps to support the future stability and financial flexibility of our company. We took steps to strengthen our liquidity and mitigate the expected ongoing impact on our operations and financial performance, including temporarily deferring certain capital investments and managing our cost structure in response to sales volatility. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively supports business needs and has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to further organizational goals.