We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for human resources ("HR"), payroll, benefits, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client base; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue per client, total revenue and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Concentrated effort remains on the continued enhancements of Paychex Flex, our robust, cloud-based HCM software solutions platform, which allows direct client access to HR, payroll, and benefits information in a streamlined and integrated approach to workplace management. In fiscal 2020, we continued to focus on enhancing the value to clients, including new offerings and enhancements to Paychex Flex as follows: Paychex integrations enabling users to connect Paychex Flex with some of the world's leading HR, accounting, point-of-sale, and productivity applications on the market; help center, which provides users access to training resources and how-to tutorials; enhancements to Flex Assistant that provides a user with an in-app learning journey; document management was enhanced to add electronic signature capabilities; and other enhancements including grid entry view capabilities and the ability for employees and administrative users to create a custom dashboard. The technology investments we made to our Paychex Flex payroll and human resources suite of products positioned us to service our clients and support them in managing a remote workforce. Our blend of technology and service provides valuable tools and resources to assist our clients and their employees during this critical time. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small and medium-sized businesses across the U.S. and parts of Europe. We believe that success in this mission will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. The acquisition of Oasis Outsourcing Group Holdings, L.P., an industry leader in providing HR outsourcing services, is expected to enhance our technology capabilities and service offerings. Our strong balance sheet and operational flexibility allowed us to successfully manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of future changes to market and economic conditions related to COVID-19 and will assess the potential impact to our business and financial position. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. We believe that the capabilities we have developed in IT and service delivery will allow us to maintain a competitive advantage and respond effectively to market dynamics.