Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. We had to secure our supply chain; ensure continuity in manufacturing, distribution and sales; further strengthen our e-commerce and digital capabilities; reimagine our marketing; and deliver positive outcomes for people, our shareholders and the planet. We will become stronger by renewing our focus on driving holistic cost management throughout our organization to support our investments in advantaged capabilities, such as a highly agile and flexible end-to-end value chain; more precision around revenue management; and investing in data analytics that can provide more granularity around consumer insights. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks and that those risks may evolve over time. We leverage an integrated risk management framework, which includes oversight responsibility for our integrated risk management framework, including risk assessment and risk mitigation of the company's top risks. The board receives updates on key risks throughout the year, including risks related to cybersecurity. We expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $2.5 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $1.6 billion, in connection with our 2019 productivity plan, which will leverage new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineer our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and simplify our organization and optimize our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We are subject to various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, certain taxes and environmental matters, as well as commitments under contractual and other commercial obligations. We recognize liabilities for contingencies and commitments when a loss is probable and estimable. Our risk management office manages the overall risk management process, provides ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support, and facilitates ongoing communication between the parties, as well as with our board of directors. We have made certain commitments to the South Africa competition commission, including a commitment to provide value for the benefit of our employees, agricultural development, education, and developing operations and enterprise development programs in South Africa. Our investment strategy includes the use of actively managed accounts and is reviewed periodically in conjunction with plan obligations, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk and cash requirements for benefit payments. Our overall investment policy is to prudently invest plan assets in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and high-quality debt securities and real estate to achieve our long-term return expectations. We regularly review our actual investment allocations and periodically rebalance our investments. The company offers sales incentives and discounts through various programs to customers and consumers, and these incentives are accrued for in the "accounts payable and other current liabilities" line on the balance sheet. We have also analyzed the impact of the macroeconomic conditions in Russia on the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and have concluded that there are no impairments for the year ended December 26, 2020.