We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. Research and development is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients' lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies that may be the most impactful for patients. Innovation, drug discovery, and development are critical to our success. In addition to discovering and developing new products, our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers, and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including advances in both biological science and digital technology that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines. We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, as well as through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. Our response to COVID-19 includes using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, and enabling functions globally. We have adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our existing digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information, including increasing the scale of our remote engagement. We are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support and drive the purpose of our focused innovative biopharmaceutical products business. We continue to monitor our operations for cost reduction and/or productivity opportunities, especially in light of the losses of exclusivity and the expiration of collaborative arrangements for various products. We expect to incur costs in connection with separating Upjohn, which includes costs and expenses related to separation of legal entities and transaction costs. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business, operations, and financial condition and results, and we are focused on all aspects of our business while implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible. Our business and operations have been impacted by the pandemic in various ways, including the engagement with healthcare professionals returning to pre-pandemic levels due to our virtual engagement capabilities. We have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain to date, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. Our portfolio of products experienced varying impacts from the pandemic, with some products being more reliant on maintenance therapy and others requiring doctor visits. We believe we have, and will maintain, the ability to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future, which can include working capital requirements of our operations, investments in our business, and business development activities. We continuously assess our business, assets, and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and consider business development activities that will advance our business.