The company is actively monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, which has negatively impacted, and is expected to continue to negatively impact, its business and results of operations. The ultimate extent to which the business and results of operations will be impacted by the outbreak will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted at this time. The company took immediate and aggressive action to minimize the spread of COVID-19 in its workplaces and is taking measures to preserve cash and reduce costs, including global salary reductions, reduced work schedules, elimination of discretionary spending, targeted restructuring, and limiting capital expenditures to safety-related issues and strategic investments. The company intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company is engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency, and productivity. The company completed the Lord and Exotic acquisitions, which are further discussed in the consolidated financial statements. The discussion of the financial statements presents sales and operating income on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which the company's various businesses are managed for internal review and decision-making. The increase in diversified industrial segment backlog in 2020 was primarily due to the current-year acquisition of Lord, partially offset by shipments exceeding orders in both the North American and international businesses. The business realignment charges consist primarily of severance and plant closure costs related to actions taken under the company's simplification initiative aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity. The majority of the diversified industrial international business realignment and acquisition integration charges were incurred in Europe. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2020 will increase operating income for 2021. The company expects to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment. The increase in backlog in 2020 was primarily due to the addition of Exotic backlog in the current year and orders exceeding shipments in the military OEM and aftermarket businesses. The company is in compliance with all covenants set forth in the credit agreement and indentures. The company's credit agreements and indentures governing certain debt securities contain various covenants, the violation of which would limit or preclude the use of the credit agreements for future borrowings. The company has determined it will no longer permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings. The distribution of these earnings could result in non-federal U.S. or foreign taxes. The company has taken several meaningful measures to strengthen its liquidity position in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, including limiting capital expenditures to safety-related issues and strategic investments. The company amended and extended its existing multi-currency credit agreement, increasing its capacity to $2,500 million. The credit agreement requires the payment of an annual facility fee, the amount of which is dependent upon the company's credit ratings. The company is actively monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on its business and results of operations. The effects of COVID-19 on the global economy may require the performance of additional goodwill impairment tests, and the estimated fair value of certain reporting units could fall below their carrying value. The company continually monitors its reporting units for impairment indicators and updates assumptions used in the most recent calculation of the fair value of a reporting unit as appropriate.