We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. Leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes is a key strategic priority. We strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term. We are actively focused on the timely adoption of applicable regulatory pronouncements within our enterprise risk management framework. Our risk management section describes our enterprise risk management framework, which consists of core components that provide executive management and the board of directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization. Our use of financial derivatives as part of our overall asset and liability risk management process is also addressed within this risk management section. We operate within a rapidly evolving regulatory environment, and our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior. Managing risk is every employee's responsibility, and all employees are encouraged to collaborate across groups to identify and mitigate risks. We are focused on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive. Our corporate and institutional banking strategy is to be the leading relationship-based provider of traditional banking products and services to its customers through economic cycles. We continue to expand our corporate banking business, focused on the middle market and larger sectors, and executed on our expansion plans into new markets. Our treasury management business provides payables, receivables, deposit and account services, liquidity and investments, and online and mobile banking products and services to our clients. We have established a governance structure to oversee the overall strategy for the transition from LIBOR and mitigate risks associated with the transition. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk, enabling us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile in line with our risk appetite. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. The technology and systems domain of our operational risk management framework addresses risks associated with the use, operation, and adoption of technology. Our cyber security program is designed to identify risks to sensitive information, protect that information, detect threats and events, and maintain an appropriate response and recovery capability. The asset management group seeks to deliver high-quality banking, trust, and investment management services to our high net worth, ultra-high net worth, and institutional client sectors through a broad array of products and services. We expect that the BBVA acquisition will allow meaningful opportunities to grow the asset management group segment by entering into new markets for both the wealth management and institutional asset management businesses.