During a significant portion of 2020, the COVID pandemic has resulted in cessation, severe curtailment, or impairment of business activities in most sectors of the economy, impacting our self-storage operations. We consider the safety of our employees and customers as our first priority, and have accordingly taken significant steps to ensure safety while keeping our services available to the public. These steps include initiating our touchless eRental® leasing platform and touchless mobile app allowing customer access to our properties, which reflects our commitment to enhancing operational efficiency through technology deployment. Our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our same store facilities' revenues, and we have devoted a significant portion of management's time to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facilities. The decrease in revenue in 2020 included the negative impact caused by the COVID pandemic, including restrictions on rate increases to tenants imposed by local government due to "states of emergency." We have embarked on a multi-year program to rebrand our properties to enhance our competitive position relative to local competitors, which involves upgrading the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in four groups, including facilities that have been newly developed or expanded, which are crucial for maintaining market agility and responding to competitive actions. The analysis of market trends indicates that our geographic diversification and scale across major metropolitan markets provide some insulation from localized economic effects and enhance the stability of our cash flows. We believe that our economies of scale in marketing and operations allow us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. The facilities under development and expansion are expected to stabilize in terms of revenues, which is critical for our long-term performance outcomes. Our ability to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities is supported by our strong financial profile characterized by strong credit metrics, enabling us to effectively access both the public and private capital markets to raise capital. We continue to seek to acquire additional self-storage facilities from third parties, and our capital needs are expected to increase as we add projects to our development pipeline. Our investments in energy-saving technology such as solar power and LED lights are aimed at reducing operating costs, demonstrating our focus on operational flexibility and efficiency. We have made significant investments in technology infrastructure to enhance our service offerings and improve customer satisfaction, which is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage in the market. The ongoing evaluation of our operational processes and the implementation of strategic management practices are vital for achieving our organizational goals and enhancing our overall effectiveness.