We are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate. Continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability, and cost efficiency is a fundamental requirement for our company and employees. We employ rigorous training and audit programs to drive ongoing improvement in both personal and process safety. Our commitment to operating excellence guides everything we do. We strive to attract, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. Throughout the company, we focus on getting results in the right way, embrace our values as a common bond, and believe success is both what we do and how we do it. We encourage collaboration throughout our company while valuing differences, respecting diversity, and creating a great place to work. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success. Our strategy primarily focuses on investing in growth opportunities in the midstream and chemicals segments. In 2021, we have budgeted $615 million for midstream capital expenditures and investments, including $305 million for Phillips 66 Partners. Capital will be used to complete near-term committed and optimization projects and to maintain our integrated logistics infrastructure network. We have reduced our 2021 capital budget to $1.7 billion in response to the challenging market conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our projected capital budget excludes our portion of planned capital spending by our major joint ventures totaling $707 million. The corporate and other capital budget of $166 million will primarily fund digital transformation projects, including a new enterprise resource planning system. We are prioritizing sustaining capital spending and completion of in-progress growth projects, as well as advancing our investments in renewable fuels. We recently formed an emerging energy organization charged with establishing a lower-carbon business platform that delivers attractive returns. This group will focus on opportunities within our portfolio, such as Rodeo Renewed, as well as commercializing emerging energy technologies for a sustainable future. Our commitment to operating excellence is critical in optimizing utilization rates at our refineries through reliable and safe operations, enabling us to capture the value available in the market in terms of prices and margins. We continuously monitor our asset and investment portfolio for impairments, as well as optimization opportunities, in this challenging business environment. Our high-performing organization is dedicated to enhancing refining returns by increasing throughput of advantaged feedstocks, improving yields, and portfolio optimization. We believe shareholder value is enhanced through consistent growth of regular dividends, complemented by share repurchases. Regular dividends demonstrate the confidence our board of directors and management have in our capital structure and operations' capability to generate free cash flow throughout the business cycle. Our business strategies are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and ensuring that our investments align with our strategic resource allocation and organizational goals.