The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. We endeavor to develop and maintain strategic alliances and preferred service provider status with our customers. Utilities are investing significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly transmission, substation and distribution infrastructure, through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs, which have provided, and are expected to continue to provide, demand for our services. In order to reliably and efficiently deliver power, and in response to federal reliability standards, utilities are also integrating smart grid technologies into distribution systems in order to improve grid management and create efficiencies, and in preparation for emerging technologies such as electric vehicles. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements, repair and maintenance contracts and fixed price and non-fixed price new construction contracts. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic contributed to the decline in revenues and operating income, specifically, shelter-in-place and worksite access restrictions in major metropolitan areas caused short-term disruptions for our gas utility customers. We believe demand for our gas utility distribution services will increase as a result of customer desire to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure, lower natural gas prices, and increasing regulatory requirements. We have strategically focused our communications services on the North American market, and during 2019 and 2020 we have substantially completed the exit of our Latin American communications operations. We continue to selectively evaluate acquisitions as part of our overall business strategy and acquired seven businesses in the year ended December 31, 2020. These acquired businesses enhanced and expanded, among other things, our services related to electric power distribution, transmission and substation maintenance; our directional boring and emergency restoration services capabilities; and our engineering and design services for electric utilities, gas utilities and communications services companies. We believe potential acquisition and investment opportunities exist in our industries and adjacent industries, primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of those industries and inability of many companies to expand due to capital or liquidity constraints. We are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet to help us navigate the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2021 to be approximately $325 million. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel, and we are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military and unions. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business, and in recent years electric power and underground utility infrastructure margins have been impacted by regulatory and permitting delays in certain periods, particularly with respect to larger electric transmission and larger pipeline projects. We believe that there are also several existing, pending or proposed legislative or regulatory actions that may alleviate certain regulatory and permitting issues and positively impact long-term demand, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and renewable energy spending. We expect continued demand for new or expanded transmission and substation infrastructure to transport power and interconnect new generation facilities and the modification and reengineering of existing infrastructure as existing coal and nuclear generation facilities are retired or shut down.