The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). We have identified the estimation of our future liquidity requirements as a critical accounting policy, which includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The estimation of our future liquidity requirements is frequently and continuously evaluated due to the unprecedented non-operational environment we are experiencing. We have taken actions to improve our liquidity, including reduction of capital expenditures and amending credit agreements to defer payments. Our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain, taking into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes. We employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level to support estimated useful lives and residual values. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in an unprecedented global response that has created significant uncertainty regarding worldwide port closures and availability of ports and destinations. We performed interim impairment evaluations of certain of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, and long-lived assets in connection with the preparation of our financial statements. The adverse impact of COVID-19 will continue to affect our business, operating results, cash flows, and overall financial condition. We continue to work with government and health authorities to address public health challenges and expect to re-start our global cruise operation in a phased manner. We have executed several measures to structurally reduce our cost base, realign our capital allocation, and improve our scale and margins. We have also taken actions to enhance our liquidity, preserve cash, and obtain additional financing. Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders, and we have committed financing arrangements in place covering a significant portion of the cost of the ships. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships and may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. Our focus has been on the safety and well-being of our guests and crew, the care of our fleet, and the strength of our liquidity position. We continue to identify and evaluate further actions to improve our liquidity, including further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses, and administrative costs. We have significant contractual obligations, and our debt service obligations and capital expenditures associated with ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. The impact of COVID-19 has strained our sources of cash flow and liquidity, leading to actions resulting in reductions in operating expenses and capital expenses. We believe that the liquidity resulting from our actions will be sufficient to fund our liquidity requirements over at least the next twelve months, although there is inherent uncertainty in predicting future liquidity requirements. The contractual interest rate, facility fee, and export credit agency fee vary with our debt rating, which has been downgraded, impacting our ability to incur secured indebtedness and may negatively affect our access to debt financing.