We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. The growth in organic revenues was primarily due to businesses serving healthcare and government contracting markets. The resulting operating margin was 26.0% in the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to 25.5% in the year ended December 31, 2019. Our network software & systems segment reported a $209.1 or 14% increase in net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020, over the year ended December 31, 2019. The growth in organic revenues was led by our higher project activity at our toll and traffic business and subscription growth at our SaaS businesses. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. The assumptions that have the most significant effect on the fair value calculations are the projected revenue growth rates, future operating margins, discount rates, terminal values, and earnings multiples. The company performed a quantitative analysis over the fair values of two of its trade names and concluded that the fair value exceeded its carrying value, with no impairment indicated as of October 1, 2020. The primary driver of the increase in the fair value from 2019 to 2020 was a decrease in the discount rate, primarily due to a reduced risk-free interest rate. The company may also, subject to compliance with specified conditions, request additional term loans or revolving credit commitments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500.0. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. Future acquisitions will be dependent on numerous factors and it is not feasible to reasonably estimate if or when any such acquisitions will occur and what the impact will be on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2021 will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions, the financial performance of our existing companies, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business prospects and the financial markets generally. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. The growth in cash provided by operating activities in 2020 and in 2019 was primarily due to improvement in working capital, lower cash taxes paid excluding the tax associated with gain on disposal of businesses, and $43.7 of employer social security payroll taxes deferred during the year ended December 31, 2020. The resulting operating margin was 31.6% in the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to 35.2% in the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase in total debt at December 31, 2020, compared to December 31, 2019, was due primarily to the issuance of $3,300.0 senior unsecured notes and $1,620.0 of revolving debt borrowings, partially offset by the redemption of $600.0 of outstanding 3.00% senior unsecured notes.