In establishing appropriate growth targets for our business, we are closely monitoring market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains will continue to be driven mainly by continued focus on value and convenience by consumers. Our longer-term strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our merchant organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve our merchandise offerings. Our capital expenditures included costs for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. Our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2021 are expected to be used for continued construction of our brookshire, texas distribution center, costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open planned new ross and dd's discounts stores, investments in certain information technology systems, and for various other needed expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash. The increase in our planned capital expenditures from fiscal 2020 are primarily driven by the continued construction of our brookshire, texas distribution center and the resumption of certain projects that were deferred from fiscal 2020. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, operating and variable lease costs, taxes, and for capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. We believe that existing cash balances, our bank credit facility, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing needs for at least the next 12 months. The covid-19 pandemic and related economic disruptions, including the temporary closure of all of our store locations effective march 20, 2020 through a portion of the second quarter, continue to create significant uncertainty and challenges. We have recorded accruals for rent payment deferrals and recorded rent abatements as a reduction of variable lease costs. We ended fiscal 2020 with over $5.6 billion in liquidity, which consists of $4.8 billion unrestricted cash balances and the $800 million available under our revolving credit facility. Our historic strategies and store expansion program have contributed to our sales gains in the past. However, given the impacts from the covid-19 pandemic on our results for fiscal 2020, and the significant ongoing impacts and uncertainties, we cannot be sure that our strategies and resumption of our store expansion program will result in a continuation of our historical sales growth or in a recovery of, or an increase in, net earnings. We expect our operating costs to continue to reflect ongoing covid-related expenses and also higher wages. The increase in cash flow from operating activities in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by higher accounts payable leverage. The increase in accounts payable leverage in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by lower packaway and in-store inventory and extended payment terms. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to the company's store merchandise assortment plans. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers.