In 2021, we will focus on advancing technology to empower our employees, increase connectivity with our customers, and drive operational excellence. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improving return on invested capital. We incurred costs related to the redesign of certain back-office software systems, which continued into 2020. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges primarily related to the redesign of certain of our back-office software systems. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. Business divestitures could result in gains, losses, or impairment charges that may be material to our results of operations in a given period. We have experienced an increase in certain costs of doing business as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including costs for additional safety equipment and hygiene products and increased facility and equipment cleaning. Our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. Our definitions of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We monitor the effect of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic on our business and review our estimates for recoverability of assets. We are committed to maintaining an efficient capital structure, preserving our investment-grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. We believe that our excess cash, cash from operating activities, and our availability to draw on our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due. We may also explore opportunities in the capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. The demand for our environmental solutions business depends on the continued demand for, and production of, oil and natural gas in certain shale basins located in the United States. Our environmental solutions operating segment, which provides waste management solutions for daily operations of industrial, petrochemical, and refining facilities, is aggregated with corporate entities and other as it only represents approximately 1% of our consolidated revenue. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We are engaged in landfill gas-to-energy and renewable energy projects and had post-closure responsibility for closed landfills. We believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes loss on extinguishment of debt and other related costs, provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy. We will continue to monitor the evolving COVID-19 pandemic along with the effect on our business and access to capital markets. We expect to incur similar costs throughout 2021, and potentially into future years, although we expect the annual amount of such costs to be less than those incurred in 2020. We are committed to maintaining an efficient capital structure, preserving our investment-grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returned to our shareholders.