We are a global premier systems provider of high technology products and services to the aerospace and defense industries. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. Our defense business serves both domestic and international customers primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of defense and related programs for government customers. Our business mix reflects the combination of shorter cycles in our commercial aerospace spares contracts and certain service contracts in our defense business, and longer cycles in our aerospace OEM and aftermarket maintenance contracts and on our defense contracts to design, develop, manufacture or modify complex equipment. Our customers are in the public and private sectors, and our businesses reflect an extensive geographic diversification that has evolved with continued globalization. Government legislation, policies and regulations, including regulations related to global warming, carbon footprint and fuel efficiency, can have a negative impact on our worldwide operations. Our commercial aftermarket operations continue to evolve as a significant portion of our aerospace operations' customers are covered under long-term aftermarket service agreements. These agreements are comprehensive long-term spare part and service agreements with our customers. We focus on adjusted earnings per share (EPS) and measures to assess our cash generation and the efficiency and effectiveness of our use of capital, such as free cash flow (FCF) and return on invested capital (ROIC). We believe these metrics are strong indicators of our overall performance and our ability to create shareowner value. We have significant exposure related to our airline and airframer customers, including significant accounts receivable and contract assets balances. Given the uncertainty related to the severity and length of the pandemic, we may be required to record additional charges or impairments in future periods. We continuously monitor for events and circumstances that could negatively impact the key assumptions in determining the fair value of goodwill, including long-term revenue growth projections, profitability, discount rates, recent market valuations from transactions by comparable companies, and general industry, market and macro-economic conditions. The change in our fas/cas operating adjustment was due to the raytheon merger on April 3, 2020. We utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit expense by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant discounted projected cash flows. We have established, and continually update, policies relating to environmental standards of performance for our operations worldwide. We believe that expenditures necessary to comply with the present regulations governing environmental protection will not have a material effect upon our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We also have obligations arising from sales of certain businesses and assets, including indemnities for representations and warranties and environmental, health and safety, tax and employment matters. Our operations are subject to environmental regulation by federal, state and local authorities in the United States and regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over our foreign operations.