The performance coatings group's SG&A increased by $8.7 million for the year primarily due to investments in information technology systems and expenses related to COVID-19, partially offset by currency translation rate changes. The company expects to invest a minimum of $600 million of capital expenditures to build both the new headquarters and R&D center in Ohio, with the predominant share of the capital expenditures in 2021 expected to be for various productivity improvement and maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution, and research and development facilities, new store openings, new or upgraded information systems hardware, and the new global headquarters and R&D center in Ohio. The company has not made any decisions regarding the disposition of the company's current Cleveland-area headquarters and R&D centers, which are all owned by the company. The company's financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow continued to be strong in 2020 as net operating cash increased to a record $3.409 billion primarily due to improved operating results as consolidated income before income taxes increased to $2.519 billion or 13.7% of net sales. Strong net operating cash provided the funds necessary for the company to invest in new stores and manufacturing and distribution facilities, and return cash to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends paid. The company believes it may be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. However, the company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company is structured into three reportable segments and an administrative segment in the same way it is internally organized for assessing performance and making decisions regarding allocation of resources. The company has worked with government and health authorities to continue to operate its business during the COVID-19 crisis, including implementing online and phone ordering of products, using curbside pickup or delivery, and implementing remote, alternate, and flexible work arrangements where possible. The company continues to actively monitor the pandemic's impact on its financial position, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flow, while managing its response through collaboration with employees, customers, suppliers, government authorities, health officials, and other business partners. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities, as IT capability has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s investments in IT systems are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business needs, thereby contributing to its overall performance and competitive positioning in the market.