According to the operating partnership's partnership agreement, the operating partnership is required to pay all expenses of Simon. We seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, or FFO, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of our properties and investments. We seek to accomplish this growth through attracting and retaining high-quality tenants and utilizing economies of scale to reduce operating expenses, expanding and re-tenanting existing highly productive locations at competitive rental rates, selectively acquiring or increasing our interests in high-quality real estate assets or portfolios of assets, and generating consumer traffic in our retail properties through marketing initiatives and strategic corporate alliances. We routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio. Our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk. We focus on high-quality real estate across the retail real estate spectrum. We expand or redevelop properties to enhance profitability and market share of existing assets when we believe the investment of our capital meets our risk-reward criteria. We routinely incur costs related to construction for significant redevelopment and expansion projects at our properties. Redevelopment and expansion projects, including the addition of anchors, big box tenants, and restaurants, are underway at several properties in the United States, Canada, Europe, and Asia. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the company has suspended more than $1.0 billion of capital in development projects. The company will re-evaluate all suspended projects over time. Our share of the costs of all new development, redevelopment, and expansion projects currently under construction is approximately $829 million. Simon's share of remaining net cash funding required to complete the new development and redevelopment projects currently under construction is approximately $89 million. We expect to fund these capital projects with cash flows from operations. We seek a stabilized return on invested capital in the range of 8-10% for all of our new development, expansion, and redevelopment projects. We believe this strategy mitigates some of the risk of our initial investment and our exposure to changes in foreign currencies. Our consolidated net income exposure to changes in the volatility of the euro, yen, peso, won, and other foreign currencies is not material. We expect our share of estimated committed capital for international development projects to be completed with projected delivery in 2021 or 2022 is $36 million, primarily funded through reinvested joint venture cash flow and construction loans. Our business model and Simon's status as a REIT require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development, and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. We believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the credit facility and the supplemental facility to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2021. We expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2021, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. These cash flows are principally derived from rents paid by our tenants. A significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations, including one due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and restrictions intended to restrict its spread, could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from the credit facilities and commercial paper program, further curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing.