We are a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Market Intelligence, S&P Global Platts, and S&P Dow Jones Indices. Market Intelligence is a global provider of multi-asset-class data, research, and analytical capabilities, which integrate cross-asset analytics and desktop services. We focus on delivering an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. We are closely monitoring the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business. Our strategy includes funding organic opportunities and pursuing disciplined acquisitions, investments, and partnerships to support our key growth areas. We seek to improve end-user productivity and experience by providing our employees with the tools and processes to better serve our customers. We are advancing our risk culture by maturing risk management and compliance processes and our cybersecurity posture. Our technology-related expenses have been allocated to our reportable segments to more accurately reflect each segment's respective usage. The increase in operating-related expenses was primarily due to higher compensation costs driven by investments in growth initiatives and the acquisition of 451 Research, LLC, and higher incentive costs. The increase at Ratings was primarily driven by higher corporate bond ratings revenue, partially offset by a decrease in bank loan ratings revenue and structured finance transaction revenues. Revenue growth at Market Intelligence was driven by annualized contract value growth in market intelligence desktop products, credit risk solutions, and data management solutions. We aim to utilize our innovation teams and latest technology to maintain our commitment to advancing our shared data processes and technical capabilities. Our technology investments are expected to enhance our core business and streamline the customer experience across all delivery platforms. We are focused on developing key product offerings in growth areas such as ESG and growing new products and product features leveraging technology investments. The favorable impact of foreign exchange rates increased revenue, and we recorded a pre-tax gain on dispositions related to strategic alliances that integrate our proprietary data into third-party solutions. Our investment in technology and data management solutions is designed to support our strategic resource allocation and enhance operational efficiency. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service. Our critical accounting estimates include revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, and accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets. We continuously assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies and recognize a liability for such contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred. Our employee pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are dependent on assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances. We are subject to a number of lawsuits and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we recognize a liability for such contingencies when both conditions for recognition are met.