The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." Our competitive strengths include our ability to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. Our selective acquisition strategy has contributed to the growth of our business, and the integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The company continues to analyze its cost structure and may implement additional cost reduction measures as necessary due to the ongoing business challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The company is actively managing the business to maintain cash flow, including the cost mitigation efforts described in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and is continuing to focus on the application of its three core value-driven operating strategies. We expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt. The company estimates its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2021 to be between $120 million and $140 million, with the increase from prior year attributable to fiscal 2020 projects that were delayed into fiscal 2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations, and as of September 30, 2020, the company had $39 million in letters of credit outstanding. The company expects to incur and pay additional restructuring costs during fiscal 2021 related to the COVID-19 pandemic though at a reduced level in comparison to fiscal 2020. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a significant adverse impact on our sales, net income and EBITDA as defined for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and is expected to continue to do so into fiscal 2021. The magnitude of the impact of COVID-19 remains unpredictable, and we continue to anticipate potential supply chain disruptions, employee absenteeism and short-term suspensions of manufacturing facilities. The company believes that its diversified revenue base reduces dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining financial performance. The company’s ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. The company is in compliance with all of its debt covenants and expects to remain in compliance in subsequent periods. The company has historically maintained a capital structure comprising a mix of equity and debt financing, and we expect to meet our short-term cash liquidity requirements through net cash from operating activities, cash on hand and, if needed, additional draws on the revolving credit facility.