In 2020, we expanded our digital fulfillment capabilities, including fresh and frozen food and beverage products added to order pickup and drive up, which contributed to over 50 percent of our comparable digital sales growth driven by same-day fulfillment options. We believe that our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long term drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. Our investment strategy is focused on elevating the shopping experiences and winning with high-touch service, which reflects our commitment to enhancing operational efficiency and market agility. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors influences our sales metrics, making further analysis challenging. We have implemented numerous safety measures to protect our guests and team members, which are part of our operational flexibility in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our capital expenditures decreased in 2020 as we modified plans for some of our strategic initiatives, including store remodels and new store openings, due to the pandemic. We expect to complete 150 full-store remodels and open 30 to 40 new stores during 2021, which will support our operational capabilities and enhance our market positioning. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments, allowing us to maintain a balanced approach to capital allocation. We anticipate ample access to commercial paper and long-term financing, which will support our strategic initiatives and operational needs. Our operating cash flow provided by continuing operations increased significantly, reflecting stronger operating performance combined with higher payables leverage due to increased inventory turnover driven by strong sales. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity, which is essential for our ongoing operational effectiveness. We monitor the percentage of purchases made using our proprietary credit cards, as this internal analysis indicates that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our credit cards are also incremental sales for our company. The rapid development and fluidity of the COVID-19 situation limit our ability to predict the ultimate impact on our business, financial condition, and financial performance, which has been and could continue to be material. Our digital infrastructure has been crucial in adapting to changing consumer demands and enhancing customer relationships. We have seen significant volatility in our sales mix, including both category and channel sales mix, which reflects the dynamic capabilities of our operational processes. The integration of digital technologies into our business model has allowed us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer preferences. Our strategic management practices emphasize the importance of leveraging IT resources to enhance business value and operational efficiency, ensuring that we remain competitive in a rapidly evolving market landscape.