The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to modifications to our operations, including the implementation of health and safety protocols, and has impacted consumer behavior. The ongoing pandemic has resulted in additional challenges for our business, including the temporary closure of stores and the need for operational flexibility. We have established several global task force teams focused on a broad range of strategies to navigate the company through this global health crisis. Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. We have negotiated rent deferrals for fiscal 2021 for a significant amount of our stores, primarily for second quarter lease payments, with repayment at later dates. In addition to negotiating deferral of lease payments, we also temporarily extended payment terms on merchandise orders which increased our accounts payable as of the end of the fiscal year, benefiting our operating cash flows. The challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on our business continue to evolve, and we will continue to evaluate our financial position in light of future developments. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 will be in the range of approximately $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, including approximately $0.7 billion to $0.8 billion for our offices and distribution centers to support growth, including buying and merchandising systems and other information systems. Our e-commerce businesses, which represented approximately 3% of net sales for fiscal 2021, did not have a significant impact on year-over-year segment margin comparisons. The uncertainties in the global economy may also impact the financial viability or business operations of some of our suppliers and service providers, which may interrupt our supply chain and require other changes to our operations. We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, cost-saving initiatives to reduce some ongoing variable and discretionary spending. Our results for fiscal 2021 were negatively impacted by the temporary closure of our stores for approximately 24% of fiscal 2021 in the aggregate. The decrease in net sales was driven by temporary store closures as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and lower customer traffic. The decline in segment profit was primarily driven by a reduction in sales from the temporary store closures, which reflects increased markdowns on merchandise primarily taken in the first half of fiscal 2021 due to the pandemic as well as increased freight costs. We expect that many of these costs will continue in fiscal 2022. We have also taken actions to protect the health and well-being of our associates and customers to operate more safely in light of the pandemic. Our operating cash flows increased by $0.5 billion compared to fiscal 2020, despite the material impact of the pandemic on our operating cash flows. The loss of sales as a result of temporarily closing our stores and e-commerce businesses resulted in net income of $0.1 billion for the twelve-month period ended January 30, 2021. We are planning approximately 120 net store openings for fiscal 2022. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year. We expect our stores to be closed for approximately 12% of the first quarter of fiscal 2022.