We invest in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, focusing on specialty markets. Our strategy combines transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics to identify and develop new medicines. We believe that pursuing innovative approaches allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We continue to advance our cell and genetic therapy pipeline programs through internal research efforts and investing in business development transactions to access emerging technologies. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to acquire rights or license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and research capabilities. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our total research expenses have historically fluctuated and are expected to continue to fluctuate due to upfront and milestone payments related to our business development activities. We have made significant investments in business development transactions designed to augment our pipeline, including the acquisition of companies focused on transformative gene-editing therapies. We seek to acquire drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations, and we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. We dedicate substantial management and other resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. Our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational efficiency. We are focused on developing cell and genetic therapies for various diseases in our pipeline, and we expect our development expenses to continue to increase as a result of our advancing pipeline. Our research and development expenses included significant amounts related to upfront and milestone payments pursuant to our collaboration agreements. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities that may enhance our research capabilities. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies. We expect that cash flows from our products, together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. Our future capital requirements include significant expected operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. We may enter into additional business development transactions, including acquisitions, collaborations, and equity investments, that require additional capital.