The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers, and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit, and other collateral. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate, or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we generally aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions among other things. We expect total portfolio expenses to be elevated during the pandemic and potentially beyond as these additional health and safety measures become standard practice. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary sources of cash include resident fees and services, rent and interest receipts, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions, and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments, real property investments, loan advances, property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, and other expenses. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are the most appropriate earnings measures. Other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and consolidated net operating income; however, these supplemental measures are not defined by U.S. GAAP. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk. We expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile. Our leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash and internal revenue code section 1031 deposits. The coverage ratios indicate our ability to service interest and fixed charges. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, internally generated cash, and the proceeds from investment dispositions. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. We believe that NOI and SSNOI provide investors relevant and useful information because they measure the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. We use NOI and SSNOI to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties.