We continue to accelerate our customer service digitalization initiative to change the way we interact with our customers. Enhancements made through this initiative are designed to seamlessly and digitally connect all of the company's functions necessary to provide our customers the best experience and service. Additionally, we are focused on ensuring that we emerge from this pandemic a stronger, more differentiated company positioned as the service provider of choice for the long-term. Our strategic focuses on investing in people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts on our industry. We have incurred costs associated with transitioning back-office employees to a work-from-home environment and costs related to employee pay guarantees. Our proactive cost management efforts positioned us to hold our overall operating expenses as a percentage of revenues flat when compared with the prior year periods. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2020 was primarily attributable to strategic investments in our digital platform, including planned investments in a new enterprise resource planning system and accelerated investments in customer service digitalization. The ultimate impacts of COVID-19 on our long-term outlook for the business will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and pace of economic recovery. We believe that the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focuses on investing in people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts on our industry. Our focus on converting to a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our cost structure to manage contamination in the recycling stream reflects our commitment to improve the profitability and returns of the recycling line of business in any economic environment. We continue to monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. The challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy increased rapidly and have continued through the date of this report, impacting our business in most geographies and across a variety of our customer types. We have prioritized the health, safety and financial security of our workforce. We have taken proactive steps to reduce costs and maximize cash flow, including optimizing our route structure to respond proactively to lower industrial and commercial collection volumes, limiting hiring, and reducing or eliminating certain non-essential costs and expenses. We believe our investments in our digital platform will enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic resource allocation. The company continues to take intentional steps to decrease our operating costs and eliminate discretionary selling, general and administrative expenses to mitigate the impact from the declines in our volumes. Our financial results reflect declines in our collection and disposal lines of business as a result of the negative impacts of COVID-19. We have maintained our focus on converting to a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our cost structure to manage contamination in the recycling stream. The increase in professional fees over the reported periods was primarily driven by consulting fees incurred in connection with the acquisition and integration of Advanced Disposal and strategic investments in our digital platform. The increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2020 compared with 2019 was largely due to costs incurred in connection with our acquisition of Advanced Disposal, including severance costs and additional headcount, as well as annual merit increases and costs associated with the strategic investments in our digital platform.