We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We accomplish this by connecting the growing demand for cleaner fuels and feedstocks with our major positions in the premier natural gas and natural gas products supply basins. Our business plan for 2021 includes a continued focus on earnings and cash flow growth, while continuing to improve leverage metrics and control operating costs. We intend to fund substantially all of our planned 2021 capital spending with cash available after paying dividends. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of growth capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities. Our potential sources of liquidity available to address these maturities include cash generated from operations, proceeds from refinancing at attractive long-term rates or from our credit facility, as well as proceeds from asset monetizations. The physical nature of services we provide supports the success of our customers. In many cases, we have long-term acreage dedications with strong historical contractual conveyances that create real estate interests in unproduced gas. Our gathering lines in many cases are physically connected to the customers' wellheads and pads, and there may not be alternative gathering lines nearby. The construction of gathering systems is capital intensive and it would be costly for others to replicate, especially considering the depletion to date of the associated reserves. As a result, we play a critical role in getting customers' production from the wellhead to a marketable condition and location. This tends to reduce collectability risk as our services enable producers to generate operating cash flows. We are continuing to monitor developments with respect to the outbreak of COVID-19 and have taken steps intended to protect the safety of our customers, employees, and communities, and to support the continued delivery of safe and reliable service to our customers and the communities we serve. Our operations are conducted, managed, and presented within the following reportable segments: transmission & gulf of Mexico, northeast g&p, and west. Our reportable segments are comprised of various businesses that include interstate natural gas pipelines, natural gas gathering and processing, and crude oil production handling and transportation assets. We are monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and have taken steps intended to protect the safety of our customers, employees, and communities. We believe we have the ability to access the debt market, if necessary, as evidenced by the successful completion of debt offerings during the second quarter of 2020, and continue to have significant levels of unused capacity on our revolving credit facility. Our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity have not been materially impacted by direct effects of COVID-19. We continue to monitor and adapt our remote working arrangements and limit business-related travel. Implementation of these measures has not required material expenditures or significantly impacted our ability to operate our business. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States.