Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. We are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, biodevices, and other product segments, and across all major species. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. We believe that delighting our customers with compelling and personalized experiences that enable them to provide the best care for animals is critical for our success. We are focused on providing greater value to our customers through the integration and connectedness of our portfolio and by reducing frictions in the way they engage with us and our products and solutions. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. Our products include over 300 products and product lines that we sell in over 100 countries for the prediction, prevention, detection, and treatment of diseases and conditions that affect various companion animal and livestock species. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the resulting global recession on all aspects of our business across geographies, including how it has and may continue to impact our customers, workforce, suppliers, and vendors. We are currently designated an essential business globally and have continued physical operations with respect to research and development, manufacturing, and our supply chain. We believe that the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales, particularly in the near term. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices. We believe that it is important to not only understand overall revenue and earnings growth but also "operational growth." Operational growth is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange. As we operate in multiple foreign currencies, including the euro, Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, U.K. pound, and other currencies, changes in those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will impact our revenue, cost of goods and expenses, and consequently, net income. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows, and our existing financing arrangements will be sufficient to support our future cash needs, this may be subject to the environment in which we operate.