Comcast’s disclosures reflect a focus on maintaining positive adjustment under challenging conditions by emphasizing robust network and information systems and other technologies “critical to our business activities,” while acknowledging that “network, information systems and technology-related events … could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services,” require “large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, products, services, networks or information systems” and “could lead to litigation or otherwise have an adverse effect on our results of operations.” The company maintains “an extensive security program … seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches,” yet concedes that “there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses.” Comcast “depends on third-party vendors … to supply … hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services,” and warns that if they “are unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment, products or services we need in a timely manner (or at all), our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected and we may incur additional costs.” The report further underscores the importance of adaptive strategies by noting that “our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies,” that “if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected,” and that “we continue to seek ways to enhance the value of cable communications’ cable services network, such as by growing high-speed Internet services and business services and by launching additional services,” although “there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our … operating margins or to compete successfully in the future.” The company acknowledges that “weak economic conditions … could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services” and “may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services,” while its substantial investments in capital expenditures for “scalable infrastructure” and “network capacity” as well as in customer-premise equipment and advanced platforms reflect resource allocation intended to absorb strain, preserve functioning and emerge stronger from competitive and technological disruptions. Finally, the extensive discussion of regulatory, cybersecurity, competitive and operational risks, as well as the acknowledgement that “acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks” and may “disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors,” highlights the firm’s recognition of organizational resilience as an ongoing capability to adapt, reconfigure and maintain performance under varied internal and external pressures.