item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. however, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery ("mis"), where mis is available. for over three decades, mis has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. mis has been widely adopted for certain surgical procedures.
da vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of mis to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of traditional open surgery or conventional mis. surgeons using a da vinci surgical system operate while seated comfortably at a console viewing a 3d, high-definition image of the surgical field. this immersive console connects surgeons to the surgical field and their instruments. while seated at the console, the surgeon manipulates instrument controls in a natural manner, similar to open surgical technique. our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. in designing our products, we focus on making our technology easy and safe to use.
our da vinci products fall into five broad categories: da vinci surgical systems, da vinci instruments and accessories, da vinci stapling, da vinci energy, and da vinci vision, including firefly fluorescence imaging systems ("firefly") and da vinci endoscopes. we also provide a comprehensive suite of services, training, and education programs. within our integrated ecosystem, our products are designed to decrease variability in surgery by offering dependable, consistent functionality and user experiences for surgeons seeking better outcomes. we take a holistic approach, offering intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make mis intervention more available and applicable.
we have commercialized the following da vinci surgical systems: the da vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da vinci s surgical system in 2006, the da vinci si surgical system in 2009, and the fourth generation da vinci xi surgical system in 2014. we have extended our fourth generation platform by adding the da vinci x surgical system, commercialized in the second quarter of 2017, and the da vinci sp surgical system, commercialized in the third quarter of 2018. we are early in the launch of our da vinci sp surgical system, and we have an installed base of 69 da vinci sp surgical systems as of december 31, 2020. our plans for the rollout of the da vinci sp surgical system include putting systems in the hands of experienced da vinci users first while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. we received fda clearances for the da vinci sp surgical system for urological and certain transoral procedures. we also received clearance in south korea where the da vinci sp surgical system may be used for a broad set of procedures. we plan to seek fda clearances for additional indications for da vinci sp over time. the success of the da vinci sp surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances. all da vinci systems include a surgeon's console (or consoles), imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software.
we offer approximately 70 different multi-port da vinci instruments to provide surgeons with flexibility in choosing the types of tools needed to perform a particular surgery. these multi-port instruments are generally robotically controlled and provide end effectors (tips) that are similar to those used in either open or laparoscopic surgery. we offer advanced instrumentation for the da vinci xi and da vinci x platforms, including da vinci energy and da vinci stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. da vinci x and da vinci xi surgical systems share the same instruments whereas the da vinci si surgical system uses instruments that are not compatible with da vinci x or da vinci xi systems. we currently offer nine core instruments on our da vinci sp surgical system. we plan to expand the sp instrument offering over time.
training technologies include our intuitive simulation products, our intuitive telepresence remote case observation and telementoring tools, and our dual console for use in surgeon proctoring and collaborative surgery.
during the first quarter of 2019, the fda cleared our ion endoluminal system to enable minimally invasive biopsies in the lung. our ion system extends our commercial offering beyond surgery into diagnostic procedures with this first application. we are introducing the ion system in the u.s. in a measured fashion while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain and collect additional clinical data. we are early in the launch and have placed 36 ion systems for commercial use as of december 31, 2020. ion systems are not included in our da vinci surgical system installed base. we currently have 3 ion systems placed with hospitals for gathering clinical data in addition to the systems placed for commercial use.
the success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction.
table of contents covid-19 pandemic procedures prior to the spread of covid-19 in the first quarter of 2020, we experienced procedure growth trends consistent with those experienced in the fourth quarter of 2019, including strength in general surgery, growth in mature procedures in the u.s., and growth in ous urology. beginning in january 2020, we saw a substantial reduction in da vinci procedures in china and, by early february 2020, procedures per week in china had declined by approximately 90% compared to the weekly procedure rates experienced in early january 2020. as the covid-19 pandemic subsided in china in march 2020, da vinci procedure volume began to recover and, by the end of the first quarter of 2020, china procedures per week were approximately 70% of the early january 2020 weekly procedure rate. as the covid-19 pandemic spread to western europe and the u.s., we experienced a significant decline in da vinci procedures in the last half of march 2020, and procedures per week in the u.s. declined to approximately 65% of the weekly procedure rate experienced earlier in the first quarter of 2020.
in april 2020, procedures per week in the u.s. continued to decline, reaching approximately 30% of pre-covid-19 levels. in may and june, u.s. procedures began a recovery phase, as covid-19 cases dropped and elective procedures were permitted, and, by the middle of june, had grown to nearly the same level as that measured in the first two weeks of the first quarter of 2020. however, in the last two weeks of june and into july, with the resurgence of covid-19 cases, some regions postponed elective procedures, and we experienced a corresponding decline in da vinci procedures. the impact of covid-19 in europe during the second quarter varied by country with procedures in italy, france, and the uk declining more steeply, while germany experienced a year-over-year increase in procedures. during the second quarter of 2020, china procedures per week continued to increase to a level consistent with the early january 2020 weekly procedure rate.
in the third quarter of 2020, procedures recovered slowly in the u.s., leveling off near pre-covid-19 levels towards the end of the quarter. outside of the u.s., da vinci procedures varied in the third quarter of 2020, depending on the spread and/or resurgence of covid-19. for example, covid-19 had a less significant impact in germany where da vinci procedures grew at mid-single digits relative to the third quarter of 2019, while it had a more significant impact in the u.k. where da vinci procedures declined year over year. procedures in china grew significantly year over year in the third quarter of 2020, while regional covid-19 outbreaks resulted in year-over-year procedure growth rates in japan slowing somewhat relative to earlier in the year. the covid-19 pandemic has also affected the volumes of certain procedure types differently. for example, patient concerns over exposure to covid-19 and the fact that prostate cancer can be slow growing, combined with lower prostate diagnoses and treatments, have caused the number of dvp procedures to decline in the third quarter of 2020 relative to the third quarter of 2019. da vinci bariatric procedures grew significantly year over year in the third quarter of 2020 due to our optimized instrument set and focus by our sales organization and may also have benefited from certain patients prioritizing weight loss as obesity is a significant covid-19 risk factor. however, the diagnoses and treatment pathways for bariatric patients are long, and many of the patients in the third quarter may have begun their treatment pathway prior to the spread of covid-19; therefore, we cannot assure you that we will continue to see significant growth in bariatric procedures.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, procedure volumes continued to be significantly impacted by the covid-19 pandemic as healthcare systems around the world diverted resources to respond to the pandemic. the impact continued to differ significantly by geography and region, depending on the spread and resurgence of covid-19. in the u.s., while procedures continued to recover in the early part of the quarter, the resurgence of covid-19 infections experienced by some states had an increasingly adverse impact on our procedure volumes as the quarter progressed, a trend that continued into january. the impact of a resurgence in a particular region can be significant. outside of the u.s., similar to the trends noted in the third quarter, procedures also continued to vary significantly by geography and region. the resurgence of covid-19 had a more significant impact on procedures in italy, france, and the uk. procedures in china continued to grow significantly year over year. the trends that were noted in the third quarter of 2020 in relation to types of procedures, such as dvp and bariatric procedures, continued into the fourth quarter of 2020.
we continue to see that the impact of covid-19 on our procedure volumes varies widely by country, region, and type. when covid-19 infection rates spike in a particular region, procedure volumes have been negatively impacted and the diagnoses of new conditions and their related treatments are deferred. also, based on our experience during 2020, we do not expect all markets, regions, and procedure types to recover at the same pace. due to the uncertainty of the recovery, including the potential for covid-19 infection rates to increase, the extent and period of time over which the covid-19 pandemic and any resultant economic recession will impact hospital spending, and additional policy responses that may be outlined by governments and other authorities, we cannot reliably estimate the impact that the covid-19 pandemic may have on procedure volume in the first quarter of 2021 and beyond.
table of contents system demand as the impact of the covid-19 pandemic progressed throughout 2020, customers in affected regions deferred decisions to purchase or lease systems into future quarters and, in some cases, indefinitely. these deferral decisions continued into the fourth quarter of 2020. in addition, the year-over-year stagnation in procedures and, in turn, reduced utilization of our systems has resulted in unused capacity in the existing installed base. we expect hospitals to first fill their unused capacity before purchasing additional systems. the depth and extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will impact individual markets will vary based on the availability of testing capabilities, personal protective equipment, intensive care units and operating rooms, and medical staff, as well as government interventions. as covid-19 continues to disrupt healthcare operations and patient flow, we expect that system placements will lag behind the recovery of da vinci procedure volume. while we cannot reliably estimate the extent or period of time over which the covid-19 pandemic and any resultant economic recession will impact hospital spending, we anticipate lower year-over-year system placements for the first quarter of 2021.
customer relief program in april 2020, we announced a program to provide financial relief to our customers. the program was comprised of three main elements. the first element provided credits against service fees otherwise due in the six-month period from april 1 through september 30, 2020, that generally reflected the underutilization of the system during that period. those credits were offered to most customers worldwide. the second element of the program deferred certain lease payments, and the third element extended certain payment terms. service fee credits resulted in an $80 million decrease in service revenue in 2020. while the short-term payment relief offered did not have a material impact to the results of operations, we deferred $15 million of lease billings and extended payment terms associated with $181 million of trade receivables since the start of the program, of which $19 million remain outstanding as of december 31, 2020. we may be subject to increased credit risks resulting in collection delinquencies and defaults, which could materially impact our bad debt write-offs and provisions for credit losses. although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risks, there can be no assurance that such programs will be effective in reducing credit risks relating to these lease financing arrangements and extended payment terms.
general increase in risks capital markets and worldwide economies have been significantly impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, and it is possible that it could cause a prolonged recession in local and/or global economies. such an economic recession could have a material adverse effect on our long-term business as hospitals curtail and reduce capital and overall spending. the covid-19 pandemic and local actions, such as "shelter-in-place" orders and restrictions on our ability to travel and access our customers or temporary closures of our facilities, including our manufacturing operations, or the facilities of our suppliers and their contract manufacturers, could further significantly impact our sales and our ability to produce and ship our products and supply our customers. any of these events could negatively impact the number of da vinci procedures performed or the number of system placements and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
our response our priorities and actions during the covid-19 pandemic are as follows. first, we are focused on the health and safety of all those we serve - patients, customers, our communities, and our employees - implementing continuous updates to our health and safety policies and processes. second, we are supporting our customers according to their priorities - clinical, operational, and economic - and ensuring continuity of supply by working with our suppliers and our distributors. third, we are securing our workforce economically. we have built a valuable team over the years, and we believe they will be important in the recovery that follows the pandemic. finally, we will continue to invest in our priority development programs while eliminating avoidable spend.
business model overview we generate revenue from the placements of da vinci surgical systems, in sales or sales-type lease arrangements where revenue is recognized up-front or in operating lease transactions and usage-based models where revenue is recognized over time. we earn recurring revenue from the sales of instruments, accessories, and services, as well as the revenue from operating leases. the da vinci surgical system generally sells for between $0.5 million and $2.5 million, depending upon the model, configuration, and geography, and represents a significant capital equipment investment for our customers when purchased. our instruments and accessories have limited lives and will either expire or wear out as they are used in surgery, at which point they need to be replaced. we generally earn between $600 and $3,500 of instruments and accessories revenue per surgical procedure performed, depending on the type and complexity of the specific procedures performed and the number and type of instruments used. during the fourth quarter of 2020, we launched our extended use program (refer to further discussion immediately below) with the intention to reduce the cost for customers to treat patients, which in turn will reduce our overall instruments and table of contents accessories revenue per procedure. we typically enter into service contracts at the time systems are sold or leased at an annual fee between $80,000 and $190,000, depending upon the configuration of the underlying system and composition of the services offered under the contract. these service contracts have generally been renewed at the end of the initial contractual service periods.
we generate revenue from the placements of the ion endoluminal system in a business model consistent with the da vinci surgical system model described above. we generate revenue from the placement of ion systems, and we earn recurring revenue from the sales of instruments and accessories used in biopsies and ongoing system service. the average selling price of an ion system is generally significantly lower than the average selling price of our da vinci surgical systems. we are introducing the ion system in the u.s. in a measured fashion. for the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019, the associated impact to revenue and gross margin was not significant.
extended use program in 2020, we introduced our "extended use program," which consists of select da vinci xi and da vinci x instruments possessing 12 to 18 uses ("extended use instruments") compared to the current 10 use instruments. these extended use instruments represent some of our higher volume instruments but exclude stapling, monopolar, and advanced energy instruments. instruments included in the program are used across a number of da vinci surgeries. their increased uses are the result of continuous, significant investments in the design and production capabilities of our instruments, resulting in improved quality and durability. extended use instruments have been introduced in the u.s. in october 2020 and in europe in november 2020. they will be introduced at various times throughout 2021 and 2022 in other geographies, depending on regulatory processes. in addition, simultaneous with the regional launches of extended use instruments, we will lower the price of certain instruments that are most commonly used in lower acuity procedures and/or lower reimbursed procedures within the region. these actions will reduce the cost for customers to treat patients, which in turn will reduce our revenue per procedure. based on 2019 volume and mix of procedures, our extended use program and the reduced pricing on certain other instruments would have reduced 2019 annual instruments and accessories revenue by approximately $150 to $170 million. the impact of these actions on future revenue will be dependent on the future volume and mix of procedures and whether cost elasticity will enable greater penetration into available markets.
recurring revenue recurring revenue consists of instruments and accessories revenue, service revenue, and operating lease revenue. recurring revenue increased to $3.4 billion, or 77% of total revenue in 2020, compared to $3.2 billion, or 72% of total revenue in 2019, and $2.6 billion, or 71% of total revenue in 2018.
instruments and accessories revenue has grown at a faster rate than systems revenue over time. instruments and accessories revenue increased to $2.46 billion in 2020, compared to $2.41 billion in 2019 and $1.96 billion in 2018. the growth of instruments and accessories revenue largely reflects continued procedure adoption.
service revenue was $724 million in 2020, compared to $724 million in 2019 and $635 million in 2018. service revenue remained unchanged, driven by the growth of the base of installed da vinci surgical systems, offset by the effects of the customer relief program. the installed base of da vinci surgical systems grew 7% to approximately 5,989 at december 31, 2020; 12% to approximately 5,582 at december 31, 2019; and 13% to approximately 4,986 at december 31, 2018.
we use the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems as metrics for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. management believes that the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes that the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems are an indicator of the rate of adoption of robotic-assisted surgery as well as an indicator of future recurring revenue (particularly service revenue). management believes that both it and investors benefit from referring to the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems also facilitate management's internal comparisons of our historical performance. we believe that the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems are useful to investors as metrics, because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (2) they are used by institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the performance of our business. the vast majority of da vinci surgical systems installed are connected via the internet. system logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. we utilize this information as well as other information from agreements and discussions with our customers that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. estimates and judgments for determining the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems may be impacted over time by various factors, including system internet connectivity, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and inherent complexities in new agreements. such estimates and judgments are also susceptible to technical errors. in addition, the relationship between the installed base, number of shipments, table of contents and utilization of da vinci surgical systems and our revenues may fluctuate from period to period, and growth in the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems may not correspond to an increase in revenue. the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da vinci surgical systems are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue or other financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
the covid-19 pandemic reduced the number of shipments of da vinci surgical systems in 2020 as compared to the prior year. based on the factors outlined in the covid-19 pandemic section above, historical system shipment trends may not be a good indicator of future system shipments.
intuitive system leasing since 2013, we have entered into sales-type and operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire systems and expand their robotic-assisted programs while leveraging our balance sheet. these leases generally have commercially competitive terms as compared with other third-party entities that offer equipment leasing. we have also entered into usage-based arrangements with larger customers that have committed da vinci programs where we charge for the system and service as the systems are utilized. we include operating and sales-type leases, and systems placed under usage-based arrangements, in our system shipment and installed base disclosures. we exclude operating lease-related revenue, usage-based revenue, and ion system revenue from our da vinci surgical system average selling price ("asp") computations.
in the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, we shipped 432, 425, and 272 da vinci surgical systems, respectively, under lease and usage-based arrangements, of which 317, 384, and 229 systems, respectively, were operating lease and usage-based arrangements. revenue from operating lease arrangements is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. more recently, we have entered into usage-based arrangements with certain large customers whereby system and service revenue is recognized as the systems are used. we set operating lease and usage-based pricing at a modest premium relative to purchased systems reflecting the time value of money and, in the case of usage-based arrangements, the risk that system utilization may fall short of anticipated levels. the proportion of revenue recognized from usage-based arrangements has not been significant and has been included in our operating lease metrics herein. operating lease revenue has grown at a faster rate than overall systems revenue and was $177 million, $107 million, and $51 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. generally, lease transactions generate similar gross margins as our sale transactions. as of december 31, 2020, a total of 901 da vinci surgical systems were installed at customers under operating lease or usage-based arrangements.
our system leasing and usage-based models provide customers with flexibility regarding how they acquire or obtain access to our systems. we believe that these alternative financing structures have been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand the proportion of these structures based on customer demand. as revenue for operating leases and usage-based systems is recognized over time, total systems revenue growth is reduced in a period when the number of operating lease and usage-based placements increases as a proportion of total system placements.
our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors. in addition, as customers divert significant resources to the treatment of or the preparation to treat patients with covid-19, we may be exposed to defaults under our lease financing arrangements. moreover, usage-based arrangements generally contain no minimum payments; therefore, customers may exit such arrangements without paying a financial penalty to us. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we anticipate that some customers will exit such arrangements or seek to amend the terms of our operating lease and usage-based arrangements with them.
for some operating lease arrangements, our customers are provided with the right to purchase the leased system at certain points during and/or at the end of the lease term. revenue generated from customer purchases of systems under operating lease arrangements ("lease buyouts") was $52.2 million, $92.8 million, and $48.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. we expect that revenue recognized from customer exercises of the buyout options will fluctuate based on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise their buyout options.
systems revenue system placements are driven by procedure growth in most markets. in geographies where da vinci procedure adoption is in an early stage or system placements are constrained by regulation, system sales will precede procedure growth. system placements also vary due to seasonality largely aligned with hospital budgeting cycles. we typically place a higher proportion of annual system placements in the fourth quarter and a lower proportion in the first quarter as customer budgets are reset. systems revenue is also affected by the proportion of system placements under operating lease and usage-based arrangements, recurring operating lease and usage-based revenue, operating lease buyouts, product mix, asps, trade-in activities, and customer mix. systems revenue declined 12% to $1.18 billion in 2020. systems revenue grew 19% to $1.35 billion in 2019 and 21% to $1.13 billion in 2018. based on the factors outlined in the covid-19 pandemic section above, the ability to forecast table of contents future system shipments has been significantly disrupted and, therefore, we believe that historical system shipment trends may not be a good indicator of future system shipments.
procedure mix / products our da vinci surgical systems are generally used for soft tissue surgery for areas of the body between the pelvis and the neck, primarily in general surgery, gynecologic surgery, urologic surgery, cardiothoracic surgery, and head and neck surgery. within these categories, procedures range in complexity from cancer and other highly complex procedures to less complex procedures for benign conditions. cancer and other highly complex procedures tend to be reimbursed at higher rates than less complex procedures for benign conditions. thus, hospitals are more sensitive to the costs associated with treating less complex, benign conditions. our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. our fully featured da vinci xi surgical system with advanced instruments (including da vinci energy and endowrist and sureform stapler products) and our integrated table motion product targets the more complex procedure segment. our da vinci x surgical system is targeted towards price sensitive markets and procedures. our da vinci sp surgical system complements the da vinci xi and x surgical systems by enabling surgeons to access narrow workspaces.
procedure seasonality more than half of da vinci procedures performed are for benign conditions, most notably hernia repairs, hysterectomies, and cholecystectomies. these benign procedures and other short-term elective procedures tend to be more seasonal than cancer operations and surgeries for other life-threatening conditions. seasonality in the u.s. for procedures for benign conditions typically results in higher fourth quarter procedure volume when more patients have met annual deductibles and lower first quarter procedure volume when deductibles are reset. seasonality outside the u.s. varies and is more pronounced around local holidays and vacation periods. as a result of the factors outlined in the covid-19 pandemic section above, including the recommendations of authorities to defer elective procedures, historical procedure patterns may be disrupted.
distribution channels we provide our products through direct sales organizations in the u.s., europe (excluding spain, portugal, italy, greece, and most eastern european countries), china, japan, south korea, india, and taiwan. in 2018, we began direct operations in india and taiwan. in january 2019, our intuitive-fosun joint venture began direct sales for da vinci products and services in china. in the remainder of our ous markets, we provide our products through distributors.
regulatory activities overview our products must meet the requirements of a large and growing body of international standards that govern the product safety, efficacy, advertising, labeling, safety reporting design, manufacture, materials content and sourcing, testing, certification, packaging, installation, use, and disposal of our products. examples of such standards include electrical safety standards, such as those of the international electrotechnical commission, and composition standards, such as the reduction of hazardous substances and the waste electrical and electronic equipment directives. failure to meet these standards could limit our ability to market our products in those regions that require compliance to such standards.
our products and operations are also subject to increasingly stringent medical device, privacy, and other regulations by regional, federal, state, and local authorities. we anticipate that timelines for the introduction of new products and/or indications may be extended relative to past experience as a result of these regulations. for example, we have seen elongated regulatory approval timelines in the u.s. and the eu.
clearances and approvals we have generally obtained the clearances required to market our products associated with our da vinci surgical multiport systems (standard, s, si, xi, and x systems) for our targeted surgical specialties within the u.s., south korea, japan, and the european markets in which we operate. since 2018, we obtained regulatory clearances for the following products:
•in november 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our synchroseal instrument and e-100 generator. following the fda clearance, in february 2020, we received ce mark clearance for both products. in march 2020, we received regulatory clearance in japan to market both our synchroseal instrument and e-100 generator. in august 2020, we received regulatory clearance in south korea to market our e-100 generator.
•in july 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and sureform 45 gray reload, which round out our sureform 45 portfolio. we have also received ce mark clearance for our sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and sureform 45 gray reload.
•in june 2019, we received ce mark clearance for our da vinci endoscope plus for the da vinci xi and da vinci x surgical systems in europe. following the ce mark, in july 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our da vinci endoscope plus. we have also received regulatory clearances in south korea and japan to market our da vinci endoscope plus in december 2019 and may 2020, respectively.
•in june 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our da vinci handheld camera and, in february 2020, we received ce mark clearance.
•in february 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our ion endoluminal system, our new flexible, robotic-assisted, catheter-based platform, designed to navigate through very small lung airways to reach peripheral nodules for biopsies. we are introducing the ion endoluminal system in a measured fashion while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain and collect additional clinical data. we have placed 36 ion systems for commercial use as of december 31, 2020.
•in february 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our iris augmented reality product. iris is a service that delivers a 3d image of the patient anatomy (initially targeting kidneys) to aid surgeons in both pre- and intra-operative settings. we are currently conducting a pilot study of our iris product and service in the field at a small group of u.s. hospitals to gain initial product experience and insights.
•in december 2018, we received product registration for our da vinci xi surgical system in china. the registration approval does not include advanced energy or stapling products that attach to the da vinci xi system. separate product registrations are required for each of these products by china national medical products administration ("nmpa").
•in october 2018, the china national health commission published on its official website the quota for major medical equipment to be imported and sold in china through 2020. after an adjustment notice was published in the third quarter of 2020, the government will now allow for the total sale of 225 new surgical robots into china, which could include da vinci surgical systems as well as surgical systems introduced by others. as of december 31, 2020, we have sold 111 da vinci surgical systems under this quota. future sales of da vinci surgical systems under the quota are uncertain, as they are dependent on hospitals completing a tender process and receiving associated approvals.
•in may 2018 and july 2018, we received ce mark clearance and fda clearance, respectively, to market sureform 60, our first 60mm stapler that completes our product offering of 30, 45, and 60mm lengths. in january 2019 and february 2019, we obtained fda clearance and ce mark clearance, respectively, to market sureform 45. we have also received regulatory clearance in south korea and japan to market both sureform 60 and sureform 45.
•in may 2018, we obtained fda clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system for urologic surgical procedures that are appropriate for a single port approach. in march 2019, we obtained fda clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system for certain transoral procedures. we also received regulatory clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system in south korea in may 2018. we continue to introduce the da vinci sp surgical system in a measured fashion while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. we have an installed base of 69 da vinci sp surgical systems as of december 31, 2020.
•in september 2017 and april 2018, we obtained ce mark clearance and fda clearance, respectively, for our da vinci vessel sealer extend.
refer to the descriptions of our products that received regulatory clearances in 2020, 2019, and 2018 in the new product introductions section below.
the japanese ministry of health, labor, and welfare ("mhlw") considers reimbursement for procedures in april of even-numbered years. the process for obtaining reimbursement requires japanese university hospitals and surgical societies, with our support, to seek reimbursement. there are multiple pathways to obtain reimbursement for procedures, including those that require in-country clinical data/economic data. in april 2012 and april 2016, the mhlw granted reimbursement status for dvp and partial nephrectomy, respectively. most prostatectomies and partial nephrectomies were open procedures prior to da vinci reimbursement. da vinci procedure reimbursement for dvp and partial nephrectomy procedures are higher than open and conventional laparoscopic procedure reimbursements. an additional 12 da vinci procedures were granted reimbursement effective april 1, 2018, including gastrectomy, low anterior resection, lobectomy, and hysterectomy, for both malignant and benign conditions. an additional 7 da vinci procedures were granted reimbursement effective april 1, 2020. these additional 19 reimbursed procedures have varying levels of conventional laparoscopic penetration and will be reimbursed at rates equal to the conventional, laparoscopic procedures. given the reimbursement level and laparoscopic penetration for these 19 procedures, there can be no assurance that the adoption pace for these procedures will be similar to dvp or partial nephrectomy, given their higher reimbursement, or any other da vinci procedure.
recalls and corrections medical device companies have regulatory obligations to correct or remove medical devices in the field that could pose a risk to health. the definition of "recalls and corrections" is expansive and includes repair, replacement, inspections, relabeling, and issuance of new or additional instructions for use or reinforcement of existing instructions for use and training when such table of contents actions are taken for specific reasons of safety or compliance. these field actions require stringent documentation, reporting, and monitoring worldwide. there are other actions that a medical device manufacturer may take in the field without reporting including, but not limited to, routine servicing and stock rotations.
as we determine whether a field action is reportable in any regulatory jurisdiction, we prepare and submit notifications to the appropriate regulatory agency for the particular jurisdiction. regulators can require the expansion, reclassification, or change in scope and language of the field action. in general, upon submitting required notifications to regulators regarding a field action that is a recall or correction, we will notify customers regarding the field action, provide any additional documentation required in their national language, and arrange, as required, return or replacement of the affected product or a field service visit to perform the correction.
field actions as well as certain outcomes from regulatory activities can result in adverse effects on our business, including damage to our reputation, delays by customers of purchase decisions, reduction or stoppage of the use of installed systems, and reduced revenue as well as increased expenses.
procedures we model patient value as equal to procedure efficacy / invasiveness. in this equation, procedure efficacy is defined as a measure of the success of the surgery in resolving the underlying disease and invasiveness is defined as a measure of patient pain and disruption of regular activities. when the patient value of a da vinci procedure is greater than that of alternative treatment options, patients may benefit from seeking out surgeons and hospitals that offer da vinci surgery, which could potentially result in a local market share shift. adoption of da vinci procedures occurs procedure by procedure and market by market and is driven by the relative patient value and total treatment costs of da vinci procedures as compared to alternative treatment options for the same disease state or condition.
we use the number and type of da vinci procedures as metrics for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. management believes that the number and type of da vinci procedures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes procedure volume is an indicator of the rate of adoption of robotic-assisted surgery as well as an indicator of future revenue (including revenue from usage-based arrangements). management believes that both it and investors benefit from referring to the number and type of da vinci procedures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. the number and type of da vinci procedures also facilitate management's internal comparisons of our historical performance. we believe that the number and type of da vinci procedures are useful to investors as metrics, because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (2) they are used by institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the performance of our business. the vast majority of da vinci surgical systems installed are connected via the internet. system logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. we utilize certain methods that rely on information collected from the systems installed for determining the number and type of da vinci procedures performed that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. estimates and judgments for determining the number and type of da vinci procedures may be impacted over time by various factors, including changes in treatment modalities, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and system internet connectivity. such estimates and judgments are also susceptible to algorithmic or other technical errors. in addition, the relationship between the number and type of da vinci procedures and our revenues may fluctuate from period to period, and da vinci procedure volume growth may not correspond to an increase in revenue. the number and type of da vinci procedures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue or other financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the covid-19 pandemic reduced the number of da vinci procedures performed by our customers in the first three quarters of 2020 as compared to our expectations. based on the factors outlined in the covid-19 pandemic section above, the ability to forecast future procedures based on historical procedure patterns has been disrupted. therefore, we believe that historical procedure trends may not be a good indicator of future procedure volumes.
worldwide procedures our da vinci systems and instruments are regulated independently in various countries and regions of the world. the discussion of indications for use and representative or target procedures is intended solely to provide an understanding of the market for da vinci products and is not intended to promote for sale or use any intuitive surgical product outside of its licensed or cleared labeling and indications for use.
the adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. our da vinci surgical systems are used primarily in general surgery, gynecologic surgery, urologic surgery, cardiothoracic surgery, and head and neck surgery. we focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic table of contents benefit to healthcare providers. target procedures in general surgery include hernia repair (both ventral and inguinal), colorectal procedures, bariatrics, and cholecystectomies. target procedures in gynecology include da vinci hysterectomy ("dvh") for both cancer and benign conditions. target procedures in urology include da vinci prostatectomy ("dvp") and da vinci partial nephrectomy. in cardiothoracic surgery, target procedures include da vinci lobectomy. in head and neck surgery, target procedures include certain procedures resecting benign and malignant tumors classified as t1 and t2. not all the indications, procedures, or products described may be available in a given country or region or on all generations of da vinci surgical systems. surgeons and their patients need to consult the product labeling in their specific country and for each product in order to determine the cleared uses, as well as important limitations, restrictions, or contraindications.
in 2020, approximately 1,243,000 surgical procedures were performed with da vinci surgical systems, compared to approximately 1,229,000 and 1,038,000 surgical procedures performed with da vinci surgical systems in 2019 and 2018, respectively. the reduced growth in our overall procedure volume in 2020 reflects significant disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above, and was driven by growth in u.s. general surgery procedures and worldwide urology procedures.
u.s. procedures overall u.s. procedure volume with da vinci surgical systems grew to approximately 876,000 in 2020, compared to approximately 883,000 in 2019 and approximately 753,000 in 2018. general surgery was our largest and fastest growing u.s. specialty in 2020 with procedure volume that grew to approximately 434,000 in 2020, compared to approximately 421,000 in 2019 and approximately 325,000 in 2018. gynecology was our second largest u.s. surgical specialty in 2020 with procedure volume that declined to approximately 267,000 in 2020, compared to approximately 282,000 in 2019 and approximately 265,000 in 2018. urology was our third largest u.s. surgical specialty in 2020 with procedure volume that declined to approximately 134,000 in 2020, compared to approximately 138,000 in 2019 and approximately 128,000 in 2018.
overall ous procedure volume with da vinci surgical systems grew to approximately 367,000 in 2020, compared to approximately 346,000 in 2019 and approximately 285,000 in 2018. procedure growth in most ous markets was driven largely by urology procedure volume, which grew to approximately 214,000 in 2020, compared to approximately 206,000 in 2019 and approximately 175,000 in 2018. general surgery and thoracic procedures also contributed to ous procedure growth with higher growth rates than urology procedures.
recent business events and trends procedures overall. total da vinci procedures performed by our customers grew approximately 1% for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to approximately 18% for the year ended december 31, 2019. total da vinci procedures performed by our customers grew approximately 6% for the three months ended december 31, 2020, compared to approximately 19% for the three months ended december 31, 2019. the full year and fourth quarter 2020 procedure results reflect significant disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. the covid-19 pandemic continued to impact our procedures in geographies and markets where there was a resurgence of the virus. delays in both the diagnosis of and treatments of disease reflecting patient concerns over contracting covid-19 has also impacted the number of procedures. this was most pronounced in dvp procedures.
u.s. da vinci procedures declined approximately 1% for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. u.s. da vinci procedures grew approximately 17% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the 2020 u.s. procedure results reflect significant disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. the 2020 u.s. procedure decline was largely attributable to a decline in gynecology procedures, most notably benign dvh procedures, and urology procedures, most notably dvp procedures. offsetting these declines was continued growth in general surgery procedures, most notably cholecystectomy and bariatric procedures.
u.s. da vinci procedures grew approximately 5% for the three months ended december 31, 2020, compared to approximately 18% for the three months ended december 31, 2019. the fourth quarter 2020 u.s. procedure results reflect significant disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic and regional resurgences, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. we saw varied performance in each of the procedure categories during the fourth quarter of 2020, with growth in general surgery and gynecology procedures offset by declines in urology procedures. the resurgence increased as the quarter progressed, and we saw a more severe impact on procedures later in the quarter. the resurgence continued into january, negatively impacting procedure volumes.
ous da vinci procedures grew approximately 6% for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to approximately 21% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the 2020 ous procedure growth reflects significant disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. 2020 ous procedure growth was driven by table of contents continued growth in urologic procedures, including nephrectomies and prostatectomies, and earlier stage growth in general surgery (particularly colorectal), thoracic, and gynecology procedures. we believe growth in these global markets is being driven by increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of da vinci procedures.
ous da vinci procedures grew approximately 11% for the three months ended december 31, 2020, compared to approximately 21% for the three months ended december 31, 2019. the fourth quarter 2020 ous procedure growth reflects significant procedure disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. the disruption was more pronounced in the uk, italy, france, the nordics, spain, and india. covid-19 disruption was less pronounced in china, japan, and south korea, where we experienced procedure growth compared to the fourth quarter of 2019.
given the already very high level of laparoscopic techniques used in cholecystectomy, it is unclear whether growth is sustainable and to what extent da vinci cholecystectomy may be adopted. bariatric procedures grew significantly year over year. these procedures have been an increased area of focus in 2020 and may also have benefited from certain patients prioritizing weight loss as obesity is a significant covid-19 risk factor. in addition, our sureform 60mm stapler product provides surgeons a more optimized robotic tool set for bariatric procedures. however, the diagnoses and treatment pathways for bariatric patients are long, and many of the patients may have begun their treatment pathway prior to the spread of covid-19; therefore, we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to see significant growth in bariatric procedures in future periods.
we believe that growth in da vinci hernia repair reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. we believe hernia repair procedures represent a significant opportunity with the potential to drive growth in future periods. however, given the differences in surgical complexity associated with treatment of various hernia patient populations and varying surgeon opinion regarding optimal surgical technique, it is difficult to estimate the timing of and to what extent da vinci hernia repair procedure volume will grow in the future. we expect a large portion of hernia repairs will continue to be performed via different modalities of surgery.
adoption of da vinci for colorectal procedures, which includes several underlying procedures including low anterior resections for rectal cancers and certain colon procedures for benign and cancerous conditions, has been ongoing for several years and is supported by our recently launched technologies, such as the endowrist staplers and energy devices and integrated table motion.
u.s. gynecology. in 2020, gynecology procedures in the u.s. declined modestly compared to 2019. procedure volume was approximately 267,000 in 2020, compared to approximately 282,000 in 2019 and approximately 265,000 in 2018, driven by a decline in benign hysterectomy procedures partially offset, to a much lesser extent, by growth in hysterectomy for cancer. combining robotic, laparoscopic, and vaginal approaches, mis represents about 80% of the u.s. hysterectomy market for benign conditions. we believe that our growth in gynecologic procedures over the past several years has primarily been driven by consolidation of gynecologic procedures into higher volume surgeons that focus on cancer and complex surgeries. however, due to the covid-19 pandemic, we saw an increase in the deferral of non-urgent procedures, such as benign hysterectomy procedures.
global urology. along with u.s. general surgery, global urology procedures have also been a strong contributor to our overall procedure growth. in the u.s., dvp is the standard of care for the surgical treatment of prostate cancer, and we believe growth is largely aligned with surgical volumes of prostate cancer. in 2020, u.s. dvp procedures declined modestly, compared to modest growth in 2019. for ous, dvp is at varying states of adoption in different areas of the world but is the largest overall da vinci procedure. in 2020, we saw slight growth in ous dvp procedures compared to mid-teens growth in 2019.
ous procedures. the 2020 ous procedure growth rate reflects continued da vinci adoption in european and asian markets, although it also reflects significant disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. the disruption was most pronounced in the uk, italy, and france.
table of contents system demand future demand for da vinci surgical systems will be impacted by a number of factors: economic and geopolitical factors; the impact of the current covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above; hospital response to the evolving healthcare environment; procedure growth rates; hospital consolidation trends; evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics; capital replacement trends; additional reimbursements in various global markets, including japan; the timing around governmental tenders and authorizations, including china; the timing of when we receive regulatory clearance in our other ous markets for our da vinci xi surgical system, da vinci x surgical system, and da vinci sp surgical system, and related instruments; and market response. market acceptance of our recently launched da vinci sp surgical system and the nature and timing of additional da vinci sp regulatory indications may also impact future system placements.
demand may also be impacted by robotic-assisted surgery competition, including from companies that have introduced products in the field of robotic-assisted surgery or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field including, but not limited to, the following companies: avateramedical gmbh; cmr surgical ltd.; johnson & johnson (including their wholly owned subsidiaries auris health, inc. and verb surgical inc.); medicaroid, inc.; medrobotics corporation; medtronic plc; meerecompany inc.; microport scientific corporation; olympus corporation; samsung group; shandong weigao group medical polymer company ltd.; smart robot technology group co. ltd.; titan medical inc.; and transenterix, inc.
many of the above factors will also impact future demand for our ion system, as we extend our commercial offering into diagnostics, along with additional factors associated with a new product introduction, including, but not limited to, our ability to optimize manufacturing and our supply chain, competition, clinical data to demonstrate value, and market acceptance.
new product introductions synchroseal and e-100 generator. in november 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our synchroseal instrument and e-100 generator. following the fda clearance, in february 2020, we received ce mark clearance for both products. in march 2020, we received regulatory clearance in japan to market both our synchroseal instrument and e-100 generator. in august 2020, we received regulatory clearance in south korea to market our e-100 generator. synchroseal is a single-use, bipolar, electrosurgical instrument intended for grasping, dissection, sealing, and transection of tissue. with its wristed articulation, rapid sealing cycle, and refined curved jaw, synchroseal offers enhanced versatility to the da vinci energy portfolio. the e-100 generator is an electrosurgical generator developed to power two key instruments-vessel sealer extend and synchroseal-on the da vinci x and da vinci xi surgical systems. the generator delivers high frequency energy for cutting, coagulation, and vessel sealing of tissues.
sureform 45 curved-tip and gray reload. in july 2019, we obtained fda clearance for the sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and sureform 45 gray reload. we have also received ce mark clearance for our sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and sureform 45 gray reload. sureform 45 curved-tip is a single-use, fully wristed stapling instrument with a curved tip intended for resection, transection, and/or creation of anastomoses. sureform 45 gray reload is a new, single-use cartridge that contains multiple staggered rows of implantable staples and a stainless steel knife. the sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and gray reload have particular utility in thoracic procedures and round out our sureform 45 portfolio. not all reloads or staplers are available for use on all systems or in all countries.
da vinci endoscope plus. in june 2019, we received ce mark clearance for our da vinci endoscope plus, an enhanced 3d endoscope for use with our da vinci x and xi surgical systems. following the ce mark, in july 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our da vinci endoscope plus. we have also received regulatory clearances in south korea and japan to market our da vinci endoscope plus in december 2019 and may 2020, respectively. the da vinci endoscope plus leverages new sensor technology to allow for increased sharpness and color accuracy.
da vinci handheld camera. in june 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our da vinci handheld camera, a lightweight, 2d camera head, which can be connected to third-party laparoscopes. this allows the laparoscopic image to be displayed on the da vinci x/xi vision cart to address aspects of da vinci procedures that may require use of a laparoscope, thus eliminating the need for redundant equipment in the operating room and increasing procedure efficiency. in february 2020, we received ce mark clearance for our da vinci handheld camera. we broadly launched the da vinci handheld camera in our european direct markets as well as in the u.s. in may 2020 and june 2020, respectively.
ion endoluminal system. in february 2019, we obtained fda clearance for the ion endoluminal system, our new flexible, robotic-assisted, catheter-based platform designed to navigate through very small lung airways to reach peripheral nodules for biopsies. the ion system uses an ultra-thin articulating robotic catheter that can articulate 180 degrees in all directions. the outer diameter of the catheter is 3.5mm, which allows physicians to navigate through small and tortuous airways to reach nodules in most airway segments within the lung. the ion system's flexible biopsy needle can also pass through very tight bends via ion's catheter to collect tissue in the peripheral lung. the catheter's 2mm working channel can also accommodate other biopsy tools, such as biopsy forceps or cytology brushes, if necessary. we are introducing ion in a measured fashion table of contents while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain and collect additional clinical data. we have placed 36 ion systems for commercial use as of december 31, 2020.
iris. in february 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our iris augmented reality product. iris is a service that delivers a 3d image of the patient anatomy (initially targeting kidneys) to aid surgeons in both the pre- and intra-operative settings. we are now in the early stages of an iris pilot study in the field at a small group of u.s. hospitals to gain initial product experience and insights.
sureform 60 and sureform 45 staplers. in may 2018 and july 2018, we received ce mark clearance and fda clearance, respectively, for the sureform 60 instrument with white, blue, green, and black 60mm reloads. in january 2019 and february 2019, we obtained fda clearance and ce mark clearance, respectively, for the sureform 45 instrument with white, blue, green, and black 45mm reloads. additionally, we received regulatory clearance in south korea for the sureform 60 instrument and 60mm reloads in june 2018 and july 2018, respectively, and for the sureform 45 instrument and 45mm reloads in june 2019 and september 2019, respectively. also, we received regulatory clearance in japan for the sureform 60 instrument and 60mm reloads in june 2018 and november 2018, respectively, and for the sureform 45 instrument and 45mm reloads in september 2019. the sureform 60 and sureform 45 staplers are single-use, fully wristed stapling instruments intended for resection, transection, and/or creation of anastomoses. the sureform 60 instrument has particular utility in bariatric procedures, while the sureform 45 instrument has particular utility in colorectal procedures. sureform 60 and sureform 45 staplers broaden our existing stapler product line, which also includes endowrist stapler 45 with white, blue, and green 45mm reloads and endowrist stapler 30 with gray, white, blue, and green 30mm reloads. not all reloads or staplers are available for use on all systems or in all countries.
da vinci sp surgical system. in may 2018, we obtained fda clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system for urologic surgical procedures that are appropriate for a single port approach. in march 2019, we obtained fda clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system for certain transoral procedures. the da vinci sp surgical system includes three, multi-jointed, wristed instruments and the first da vinci fully wristed, 3dhd camera. the instruments and the camera all emerge through a single cannula and are triangulated around the target anatomy to avoid external instrument collisions that can occur in narrow surgical workspaces. the system enables flexible port placement and broad internal and external range of motion (e.g., 360 degrees of anatomical access) through the single sp arm. surgeons control the fully articulating instruments and the camera on the da vinci sp system, which uses the same fourth generation surgeon console as the da vinci x and xi systems. the da vinci sp surgical system provides surgeons with robotic-assisted technology designed for deep and narrow access to tissue in the body. we anticipate pursuing further regulatory clearances for the da vinci sp surgical system, including colorectal applications, broadening the applicability of the sp platform over time. we continue to introduce the da vinci sp surgical system in a measured fashion while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. we have an installed base of 69 da vinci sp surgical systems as of december 31, 2020.
da vinci vessel sealer extend. in september 2017 and april 2018, we received ce mark clearance and fda clearance, respectively, for da vinci vessel sealer extend, our newest instrument in the vessel sealing family of products. da vinci vessel sealer extend is a single-use, fully wristed bipolar electrosurgical instrument compatible with our fourth generation multiport systems. it is intended for grasping and blunt dissection of tissue and for bipolar coagulation and mechanical transection of vessels up to 7mm in diameter and tissue bundles that fit in the jaws of the instrument.
acquisition of orpheus medical in february 2020, we acquired orpheus medical ltd. and its wholly owned subsidiaries to deepen and expand our integrated informatics platform. orpheus medical provides hospitals with information technology connectivity, as well as expertise in processing and archiving surgical videos. orpheus medical is a wholly owned subsidiary of intuitive.
intuitive ventures we launched intuitive ventures, an inaugural $100 million fund focused on investment opportunities in companies that share intuitive's commitment to advancing positive outcomes in healthcare.
2020 operational and financial highlights
•total revenue decreased by 3% to $4.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $4.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
•approximately 1,243,000 da vinci procedures were performed during the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of 1% compared to approximately 1,229,000 da vinci procedures for the year ended december 31, 2019.
•instruments and accessories revenue increased by 2% to $2.46 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $2.41 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
•systems revenue decreased by 12% to $1.18 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1.35 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
•a total of 936 da vinci surgical systems were shipped during the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of 16% compared to 1,119 systems during the year ended december 31, 2019.
•as of december 31, 2020, we had a da vinci surgical system installed base of approximately 5,989 systems, an increase of 7% compared to the installed base of approximately 5,582 systems as of december 31, 2019.
•utilization of da vinci surgical systems, measured in terms of procedures per system per year, declined 2% relative to 2019.
•during the year ended december 31, 2020, we placed 26 ion systems for commercial use, compared to 10 ion systems during the year ended december 31, 2019.
•gross profit as a percentage of revenue was 65.6% for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to 69.4% for the year ended december 31, 2019.
•operating income decreased by 24% to $1.05 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1.37 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. operating income included $399 million and $338 million of share-based compensation expense related to employee stock plans and $60.9 million and $67.2 million of intangible asset-related charges for the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
•as of december 31, 2020, we had $6.87 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments. cash, cash equivalents, and investments increased by $1.02 billion, compared to $5.85 billion in december 31, 2019, primarily as a result of cash generated from operating activities, partially offset by capital expenditures.
table of contents results of operations this section of the form 10-k generally discusses 2020 and 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019. discussions of 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019.
the following table sets forth, for the years indicated, certain consolidated statements of income information (in millions, except percentages):
product gross profit                                                                       2,404.3                    55    %                   2,635.2                    59    %                   2,182.9                    59    %
service gross profit                                                                         456.9                    11    %                     475.0                    10    %                     421.2                    11    %
gross profit                                                                               2,861.2                    66    %                   3,110.2                    69    %                   2,604.1                    70    %
research and development                                                                     595.1                    14    %                     557.3                    12    %                     418.1                    11    %
income before taxes                                                                        1,207.0                    28    %                   1,502.2                    34    %                   1,279.5                    34    %
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest in joint venture               6.2                     -    %                       2.5                     -    %                     (2.9)                     -    %
net income attributable to intuitive surgical, inc.                                       $1,060.6                    24    %                  $1,379.3                    31    %                  $1,127.9                    30    %
total revenue total revenue decreased by 3% to $4.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $4.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased by 20% compared to $3.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease in total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020, resulted from 12% lower systems revenue, driven by 16% fewer system placements partially offset by a 65% increase in operating lease revenue, and 2% higher instruments and accessories revenue, driven by approximately 1% higher procedure volume. service revenue was consistent year over year, driven by a larger installed base of da vinci surgical systems producing service revenue, offset by an $80 million decrease as a result of the service fee credits provided to customers as part of our customer relief program.
revenue denominated in foreign currencies as a percentage of total revenue was approximately 23%, 20%, and 20% for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. we generally sell our products and services in local currencies where we have direct distribution channels. foreign currency rate fluctuations did not have a material impact on total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to 2019, or for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to 2018.
revenue generated in the u.s. accounted for 68%, 70%, and 71% of total revenue for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. we believe that u.s. revenue has accounted for the large majority of total revenue due to u.s. patients' ability to choose their provider and method of treatment, reimbursement structures supportive of innovation and mis, table of contents and our initial investments focused on u.s. infrastructure. we have been investing in our business in the ous markets, and our ous procedures have grown faster in proportion to u.s. procedures. we expect that our ous procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. however, the current increase in ous revenue as a percentage of total revenue is a result of the covid-19 pandemic and is reflective that u.s. procedures and revenue were more impacted than ous procedures and revenue.
as the covid-19 pandemic is expected to continue to cause strain on hospital resources, as outlined in the covid-19 pandemic section above, including recommended deferrals of elective procedures by various authorities and policy makers, we cannot reliably estimate the extent procedures and system placements will be impacted in the first quarter of 2021 and beyond.
the following table summarizes our revenue and system unit shipments for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively (in millions, except percentages and unit shipments):
revenue instruments and accessories                                                         $2,455.7                      $2,408.2                      $1,962.0
systems                                                                              1,178.9                       1,346.1                       1,127.1
instruments and accessories                                                         $2,455.7                      $2,408.2                      $1,962.0
u.s. unit shipments                                                                      600                           728                           581
ous unit shipments                                                                       336                           391                           345
total unit shipments*                                                                    936                         1,119                           926
*systems shipped under operating leases (included in total unit shipments)               317                           384                           229
unit shipments involving trade-ins                                                       447                           442                           277
unit shipments not involving trade-ins                                                   489                           677                           649
product revenue product revenue decreased by 3% to $3.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $3.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. product revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased by 22% compared to $3.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018.
instruments and accessories revenue increased by 2% to $2.46 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $2.41 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in instruments and accessories revenue was driven primarily by procedure growth of 1%, stocking orders in q4 associated with the company's launch of extended use instruments, and table of contents incremental sales of our advanced instruments. the 2020 u.s. procedure volumes declined by approximately 1%, primarily as a result of the significant disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above, compared to 2019 u.s. procedure growth of 17%. the 2020 ous procedure volumes grew by approximately 6%, compared to 2019 ous procedure growth of 21%, also driven by the significant disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. geographically, the 2020 ous procedure growth was driven by china, japan, korea, and germany with varying results in other countries.
systems revenue decreased by 12% to $1.18 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $1.35 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the lower 2020 systems revenue was primarily driven by fewer system shipments, lower 2020 asps, and lower lease buyouts, partially offset by higher operating lease revenue.
during 2020, a total of 936 da vinci surgical systems were shipped compared to 1,119 systems during 2019. by geography, 600 systems were shipped into the u.s., 136 into europe, 157 into asia, and 43 into other markets during 2020, compared to 728 systems shipped into the u.s., 169 into europe, 182 into asia, and 40 into other markets during 2019. during 2020, 317 of the 936 systems were shipped under operating lease arrangements, compared to 384 of the 1,119 systems shipped during 2019. the decrease in system shipments was primarily driven by decisions by customers to defer purchases or leases of systems into future quarters and, in some cases, indefinitely, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the decline in procedures, which lead to excess capacity at certain hospitals.
we shipped 432 and 425 da vinci surgical systems under lease or usage-based arrangements, of which 317 and 384 systems were classified as operating leases for the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019, respectively. operating lease revenue was $177 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $107 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. systems placed as operating leases represented 34% of total shipments during 2020, compared to 34% during 2019. a total of 901 da vinci surgical systems were installed at customers under operating lease or usage-based arrangements as of december 31, 2020, compared to 658 as of december 31, 2019. revenue from lease buyouts was $52 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $93 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. we expect revenue from lease buyouts to fluctuate period to period based on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise the buyout options embedded in their leases.
the da vinci surgical system asp, excluding the impact of systems shipped under operating lease or usage-based arrangements and ion systems, was approximately $1.50 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to approximately $1.52 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the lower 2020 asp was largely driven by higher relative trade-in volume, partially offset by favorable geographic and product mix. asp fluctuates from period to period based on geographic and product mix, product pricing, systems shipped involving trade-ins, and changes in foreign exchange rates.
service revenue service revenue remained unchanged at $724 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $724 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. service revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased by 14% compared to $635 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. service revenue in 2020 was primarily driven by a larger installed base of da vinci surgical systems producing service revenue, offset by an $80 million decrease as a result of the service fee credits provided to customers as part of our customer relief program.
gross profit product gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2020, decreased by 9% to $2.4 billion, representing 66.2% of product revenue, compared to $2.6 billion, representing 70.2% of product revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2019. the lower 2020 product gross profit was primarily driven by lower product revenue and lower product gross profit margin. the lower product gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2020, was primarily driven by higher excess and obsolete inventory costs related to transitioning to new technologies coupled with the decrease in demand for older technologies, period costs associated with abnormally low production, and higher freight costs. these higher charges were primarily a result of the covid-19 pandemic. there were also increased costs associated with da vinci si product transitions and higher intangible assets amortization expense and share-based compensation expense.
product gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, included share-based compensation expense of $58.9 million and $46.6 million, respectively, and intangible assets amortization expense of $35.5 million and $31.5 million, respectively.
service gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2020, decreased by 4% to $457 million, representing 63.1% of service revenue, compared to $475 million, representing 65.6% of service revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2019. the lower 2020 service gross profit was driven by lower service revenue and lower service gross profit margin. the lower service gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2020, was primarily driven by the $80 million decrease in service revenue as a result of our customer relief program.
table of contents service gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, included share-based compensation expense of $24.0 million and $20.4 million, respectively, and intangible assets amortization expense of $3.7 million and $3.7 million, respectively.
as a result of the continued impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, our production facilities may run at less than normal capacity in the first quarter of 2021. accordingly, certain fixed production overhead costs may be expensed as incurred, reducing our gross profit margin. we cannot reliably estimate the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will impact our overall demand in the first quarter and beyond.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses include costs for sales, marketing and administrative personnel, sales and marketing activities, tradeshow expenses, legal expenses, regulatory fees, and general corporate expenses.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020, increased by 3% to $1.22 billion, compared to $1.18 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020, were primarily driven by higher headcount, resulting in increased share-based compensation expense, and increased infrastructure to support our growth, partially offset by lower marketing, travel, and training expenses as well as lower variable compensation. also, in the fourth quarters of 2020 and 2019, we made charitable contributions of $25 million and $5 million, respectively, to the intuitive foundation, a not-for-profit entity whose mission is to reduce the global burden of disease and suffering through research, education, and philanthropy aimed at better outcomes for patients around the globe.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019, included share-based compensation expense of $202 million and $170 million, respectively, and intangible assets amortization expense of $6.9 million and $5.7 million, respectively.
our spending in 2020 reflected a curtailment of certain costs as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including travel, marketing events, surgeon training, clinical trials, and other related expenses. we expect that these costs will increase to the extent that the impact of covid-19 decreases and decline to the extent that the impact of covid-19 increases. however, we will continue to support our customers, invest in innovation focused on the quadruple aim, and invest in manufacturing and our supply chain to ensure supply for our customers. we will continue to manage the hiring of volume-related roles, such as sales representatives and manufacturing employees, to meet the needs of the business.
research and development expenses research and development costs are expensed as incurred. research and development expenses include costs associated with the design, development, testing, and significant enhancement of our products.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2020, increased by 7% to $595 million, compared to $557 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses and other project costs incurred to support a broader set of product development initiatives, including ion and sp platform investments, informatics, advanced instrumentation, advanced imaging, and future generations of robotics, partially offset by lower intangible asset-related charges.
research and development expenses for the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019, included share-based compensation expense of $114 million and $101 million, respectively, and intangible asset charges of $15.8 million and $26.3 million, respectively.
research and development expenses fluctuate with project timing. based upon our broader set of product development initiatives and the stage of the underlying projects, we expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future.
interest and other income, net interest and other income, net, was $157.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to $127.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, and $80.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in interest and other income, net, for the year ended december 31, 2020, was primarily driven by unrealized gains on strategic investments and realized gains on the sale of certain securities, partially offset by lower interest income earned, despite higher cash and investment balances, due to the decline in average interest rates, and realized foreign exchange losses.
the company held an equity investment in preferred shares of intouch technologies, inc. ("intouch"), which was reflected in the company's financial statements on a cost basis. on july 1, 2020, teladoc health, inc. ("teladoc"), a publicly traded company, completed its acquisition of intouch. based on the terms of the agreement, the company has received teladoc shares on the date of closing and recognized a gain on its investment of approximately $45 million. the company was table of contents restricted from selling these shares for a period of six months. in january 2021, the company sold all of its shares in teladoc. additionally, the company recorded unrealized gains on other strategic investments of approximately $22 million.
income tax expense our income tax expense was $140 million, $120 million, and $155 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. our effective tax rate for 2020 was approximately 11.6% compared to 8.0% for 2019 and 12.1% for 2018. our effective tax rate for 2020, 2019, and 2018 differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to the excess tax benefits recognized for employee share-based compensation, the effect of income earned by certain overseas entities being taxed at rates lower than the federal statutory rate, and the federal research and development credit benefit, partially offset by u.s. tax on foreign earnings and state income taxes (net of federal benefit). in addition, our 2020 tax rate reflected a $39.3 million increase in income tax expense discussed below, and our 2019 tax rate reflected a $51.3 million benefit associated with re-measurement of our swiss deferred tax assets due to a swiss statutory tax rate increase enacted as part of swiss tax reform in august 2019.
our 2020, 2019, and 2018 provisions for income taxes included excess tax benefits associated with employee equity plans of $166 million, $147 million, and $116 million, respectively, which reduced our effective tax rate by 13.8, 9.8, and 9.1 percentage points, respectively. the amount of excess tax benefits or deficiencies will fluctuate from period to period based on the price of our stock, the volume of share-based awards settled or vested, and the value assigned to employee equity awards under u.s. gaap, which results in increased income tax expense volatility.
we intend to repatriate earnings from our swiss subsidiary and our joint venture in hong kong, as needed, and the u.s. and foreign tax implications of such repatriations are not expected to be significant. we will continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings from the rest of our foreign subsidiaries, which are not significant.
in july 2015, a u.s. tax court opinion (the "2015 opinion") was issued involving an independent third party related to charging foreign subsidiaries for share-based compensation. based on the findings of the u.s. tax court, direct share-based compensation had been excluded from our intercompany charges starting in 2015. in june 2019, the ninth circuit court of appeals (the "ninth circuit") reversed the 2015 opinion (the "ninth circuit opinion"). subsequently, a re-hearing of the case was requested, but was denied in november 2019. in february 2020, a petition was filed to appeal the ninth circuit opinion to the u.s. supreme court. the petition was denied by the u.s. supreme court on june 22, 2020, which makes the ninth circuit opinion binding precedent in the ninth circuit. as a result, we recorded an increase in the income tax provision of $39.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2020. we will continue to monitor future irs actions or other developments regarding this matter and will assess the impact of any such developments to our income tax provision in the quarter that they occur. we are treating share-based compensation expense in accordance with the ninth circuit opinion for 2020 and future periods.
we file federal, state, and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the u.s. and abroad. years prior to 2016 are considered closed for most significant jurisdictions. certain of our unrecognized tax benefits could reverse based on the normal expiration of various statutes of limitations, which could affect our effective tax rate in the period in which they reverse.
we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. the outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. if any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management's expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest in joint venture the company's majority-owned joint venture (the "joint venture") with shanghai fosun pharmaceutical (group) co., ltd. ("fosun pharma"), a subsidiary of fosun international limited, was established to research, develop, manufacture, and sell robotic-assisted, catheter-based medical devices. the joint venture is owned 60% by us and 40% by fosun pharma and is located in china. the catheter-based technology will initially target early diagnosis and cost-effective treatment of lung cancer, one of the most commonly diagnosed forms of cancer in the world. distribution of catheter-based medical devices in china will be conducted by the joint venture, while distribution outside of china will be conducted by us.
in january 2019, the joint venture acquired certain assets, including distribution rights, customer relationships, and certain personnel, from chindex and its affiliates, a subsidiary of fosun pharma, and began direct operations for da vinci products and services in china. as of december 31, 2020, the companies have contributed $55 million of up to $100 million required by the joint venture agreement.
we do not expect the joint venture to generate revenue in 2021 related to the sale of robotic-assisted, catheter-based medical devices. there can be no assurance that we and the joint venture will successfully commercialize such products. there can also be no assurance that the joint venture will not require additional contributions to fund its business, that the joint table of contents venture will continue to be profitable, or that the acquired chindex assets will be successfully integrated and the expected benefits will be realized.
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest in joint venture for the year ended december 31, 2020, was $6.2 million, compared to $2.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, and $(2.9) million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in joint venture for the year ended december 31, 2020, was primarily due to the increase in sales in china, partially offset by re-measurement losses related to the contingent consideration from the acquisition.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash our principal source of liquidity is cash provided by operations and by the issuance of common stock through the exercise of stock options and our employee stock purchase program. cash and cash equivalents plus short- and long-term investments increased by $1.02 billion to $6.87 billion as of december 31, 2020, from $5.85 billion as of december 31, 2019, primarily from cash provided by our operations and proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases, partially offset by capital expenditures, taxes paid related to net share settlements of equity awards, and share repurchases. cash and cash equivalents plus short- and long-term investments increased by $1.02 billion to $5.85 billion as of december 31, 2019, from $4.83 billion as of december 31, 2018, primarily from cash provided by our operations, partially offset by capital expenditures and share repurchases.
our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including market acceptance of our products, the resources we devote to developing and supporting our products, and other factors. we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. we have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. based upon our business model, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided by our operations. we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. however, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we expect to experience reduced cash flow from operations as a result of decreased revenues and extending payment terms on sales and operating lease and usage-based arrangements.
as of december 31, 2020, $556 million of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments was held by foreign subsidiaries. we intend to repatriate earnings from our swiss subsidiary and joint venture in hong kong, as needed, since the u.s. and foreign tax implications of such repatriations are not expected to be significant. we will continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings from the rest of our foreign subsidiaries, which are not significant.
see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for discussion on the impact of interest rate risk and market risk on our investment portfolio.
consolidated cash flow data the following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018:
operating activities                                                             $1,484.8                      $1,598.2                      $1,169.6
investing activities                                                              (940.6)                     (1,154.4)                     (1,049.6)
financing activities                                                               (85.7)                       (168.4)                         126.3
effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash             (2.6)                         (2.2)                         (0.1)
table of contents operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2020, net cash provided by operating activities of $1.48 billion exceeded our net income of $1.07 billion, primarily due to the following factors:
1.our net income included non-cash charges of $691 million, consisting primarily of the following significant items: share-based compensation of $395 million; depreciation expense and losses on the disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $226 million; deferred income taxes of $58 million; gains on investments, accretion, and amortization, net, of $55 million; and amortization of intangible assets of $50 million.
2.the non-cash charges outlined above were partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in $273 million of cash used by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2020. inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant, and equipment, increased by $170 million, primarily due to the increased number of systems under operating lease and usage-based arrangements and build-up to mitigate risks of disruption that could arise from trade, supply, or other matters, such as the covid-19 pandemic. prepaid expenses and other assets increased by $112 million, primarily due to an increase in leasing and an increase in deferred commissions. accounts payable decreased by $32 million, primarily due to the timing of payments. accrued compensation and employee benefits decreased by $17 million, primarily due to the timing of bonus payments. the unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by a $37 million increase in other liabilities, primarily due to additional income tax reserves, and a $15 million increase in deferred revenue, primarily due to the effects of the customer relief program.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, net cash provided by operating activities of $1.60 billion exceeded our net income of $1.38 billion, primarily due to the following factors:
1.our net income included non-cash charges of $538 million, consisting primarily of the following significant items: share-based compensation of $336 million; depreciation expense and losses on the disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $160 million; and amortization of intangible assets of $43 million.
2.the non-cash charges outlined above were partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in $322 million of cash used in operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2019. inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant, and equipment, increased by $361 million, primarily due to the increased number of systems under operating lease and usage-based arrangements and build-up to address the growth in the business as well as to mitigate risks of disruption that could arise from trade, supply, or other matters. prepaid expenses and other assets increased by $117 million, primarily due to an increase in leasing, an increase in deferred commissions, and an increase in prepaid taxes, driven by the timing of tax payments. the unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by a $57 million increase in accrued compensation and employee benefits, primarily due to higher headcount, a $39 million decrease in accounts receivable, primarily due to the timing of collections, and a $36 million increase in deferred revenue, primarily due to the increased volume of sales contracts.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020, consisted of purchases of investments (net of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments) of $561 million, the acquisition of property and equipment of $342 million, and the orpheus medical acquisition, net of cash acquired, of $38 million.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019, consisted of purchases of investments (net of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments) of $669 million, the acquisition of property and equipment of $426 million, and the acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired, of $60 million.
net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2018, consisted of purchases of investments (net of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments) of $774 million, the acquisition of property and equipment of $187 million, and the acquisition of businesses of $88 million.
we invest predominantly in high quality, fixed income securities. our investment portfolio may, at any time, contain investments in u.s. treasury and u.s. government agency securities, taxable and tax-exempt municipal notes, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, non-u.s. government agency securities, cash deposits, and money market funds.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2020, consisted primarily of taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $175 million, cash used in the repurchase of approximately 0.2 million shares of our common stock in the open market for $134 million, and the payment of deferred purchase consideration of $85 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $309 million.
table of contents net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019, consisted primarily of cash used in the repurchase of approximately 0.6 million shares of our common stock in the open market for $270 million and taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $159 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $273 million.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2018, consisted primarily of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $237 million, partially offset by taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $120 million.
capital expenditures our business is not capital equipment intensive. however, with the growth of our business and our investments in property and facilities and in manufacturing automation, capital investments in these areas have increased. we expect these capital investments to exceed $300 million in 2021 and remain in a relatively consistent range in 2022. we intend to fund these needs with cash generated from operations.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments we have the following contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2020:
purchase commitments and obligations             629.5                       622.4                          7.1                                -                   -
operating leases. we lease spaces for operations in the u.s. as well as in japan, mexico, china, south korea, and other foreign countries. we also lease automobiles for certain sales and field service employees. these leases have varying terms up to 15 years. operating lease amounts include future minimum lease payments under all of our non-cancellable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year. refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further details.
purchase commitments and obligations. these amounts include an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers for which we have not received the goods or services, commitments for capital expenditures and construction-related activities for which we have not received the services, and acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. a majority of these purchase obligations are due within a year. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. in addition to the above, we have committed to make potential future milestone payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration, and development arrangements. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial milestones. for instances in which the achievement of these milestones is neither probable nor reasonably estimable, such contingencies have not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and have not been included in the table above.
2017 tax act deemed repatriation tax. as of december 31, 2020, our obligation associated with the deemed repatriation tax is $204 million, which is expected to be paid in installments in accordance with the 2017 tax act.
we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to when payments may occur for our unrecognized tax benefits. therefore, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is not included in the table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2020, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k promulgated under the exchange act.
table of contents critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"), which requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions. see "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies," in notes to the consolidated financial statements, which is included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data," which describes our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. our most critical accounting estimates include:
•the valuation and recognition of investments, which impacts our investment portfolio balance when we assess fair value and interest and other income, net, when we record impairments;
•the standalone selling prices used to allocate the contract consideration to the individual performance obligations, which impacts revenue recognition;
•the allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts, which impacts revenue;
•the valuation of inventory, which impacts gross profit margins;
•the valuation of and assessment of recoverability of intangible assets and their estimated useful lives, which primarily impacts gross profit margin or operating expenses when we record asset impairments or accelerate their amortization;
•the valuation and recognition of share-based compensation, which impacts gross profit margin and operating expenses;
•the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes (including the measurement of uncertain tax positions), which impact our provision for taxes; and
•the estimate of probable loss associated with legal contingencies, which impacts accrued liabilities and operating expenses.
investments valuation fair value. our investment portfolio may, at any time, contain investments in u.s. treasuries and u.s. government agency securities, non-u.s. government securities, taxable and/or tax-exempt municipal notes, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, cash deposits, money market funds, and equity investments with and without readily determinable value. the assessment of the fair value of investments can be difficult and subjective. u.s. gaap establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. each level of input has different levels of subjectivity and difficulty involved in determining fair value. valuation of level 1 and 2 instruments generally do not require significant management judgment and the estimation is not difficult. level 3 instruments include unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. the determination of fair value for level 3 instruments requires the most management judgment and subjectivity. there were no level 3 securities for the periods presented.
after determining the fair value of our available-for-sale instruments, we identify instruments with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value. available-for-sale instruments in an unrealized loss position are written down to fair value through a charge to other income, net in the consolidated statements of income, if we intend to sell the security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. for the remaining securities, we assess what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. factors considered in determining whether a credit-related loss exists include the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, the extent of the loss related to credit of the issuer, and the expected cash flows from the security. these judgments could prove to be wrong, and companies with relatively high credit ratings and solid financial conditions may not be able to fulfill their obligations.
additionally, we have investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values, which are generally recorded at cost, plus or minus subsequent observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments, less impairments. as part of our assessment for impairment indicators, we consider significant deterioration in the earnings performance and overall business prospects of the investee as well as significant adverse changes in the external environment these investments operate. if our qualitative assessment indicates the investments are impaired, the fair value of these equity securities would be estimated, which would involve a significant degree of judgement and subjectivity.
no significant impairment charges were recorded during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018. as of december 31, 2020, and 2019, net unrealized losses on investments of $29.5 million and $20.4 million, net of tax, respectively, were included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss).
table of contents revenue recognition. our system sale arrangements contain multiple products and services, including system(s), system components, system accessories, instruments, accessories, and service. other than service, we generally deliver all of the products upfront. each of these products and services is a distinct performance obligation. system accessories, instruments, accessories, and service are also sold on a standalone basis.
for multiple-element arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling prices are based on observable prices at which we separately sell the products or services. if a standalone selling price is not directly observable, then we estimate the standalone selling prices considering market conditions and entity-specific factors including, but not limited to, features and functionality of the products and services, geographies, type of customer, and market conditions. we regularly review standalone selling prices and maintain internal controls over establishing and updating these estimates.
allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts. we record estimated reductions in revenue for potential returns of certain products by customers. as a result, management must make estimates of potential future product returns related to current period product revenue. in making such estimates, management analyzes historical returns, current economic trends and changes in customer demand and acceptance of our products. if management were to make different judgments or utilize different estimates, material differences in the amount of reported revenue could result.
similarly, we make estimates of the collectability of accounts receivable, especially analyzing the aging and nature of accounts receivable and historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment terms when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. credit evaluations are undertaken for all major sales transactions before shipment is authorized. on a quarterly basis, we evaluate aged items in the accounts receivable aging report and provide an allowance in an amount that we deem adequate for doubtful accounts. if management were to make different judgments or utilize different estimates, material differences in the amount of our reported operating expenses could result.
inventory valuation. inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis. the cost basis of our inventory is reduced for any products that are considered excessive or obsolete based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations.
intangible assets. our intangible assets include identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. identifiable intangible assets include developed technology, patents, distribution rights, customer relationships, licenses, and non-competition arrangements. all of our identifiable intangible assets have finite lives. goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are subject to an annual impairment review (or more frequent if impairment indicators arise) by applying a fair value-based test. there have been no such impairments.
identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are subject to impairment testing and are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of these identifiable intangible assets based on estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated from such assets. if the cash flow estimates or the significant operating assumptions upon which they are based change in the future, we may be required to record additional impairment charges.
the valuation and classification of intangible assets and goodwill and the assignment of useful lives for purposes of amortization involves judgments and the use of estimates. the evaluation of these intangible assets and goodwill for impairment under established accounting guidelines is required on a recurring basis. changes in business conditions could potentially require future adjustments to the assumptions made. when we determine that the useful lives of assets are shorter than we had originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of amortization over the assets' new, shorter useful lives. no impairment charge or accelerated amortization was recorded for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018. a considerable amount of judgment is required in assessing impairment, which includes financial forecasts. if conditions are different from management's current estimates, material write-downs of long-lived assets may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results.
business combinations. we allocate the fair value of the purchase consideration, including contingent consideration, to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest is recorded as goodwill. when determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest, management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. the estimates table of contents and assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows, and the determination of the assets' life cycle. these estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made.
accounting for stock options. we account for share-based compensation in accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of u.s. gaap. we use the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model, which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions. these assumptions include estimating the length of time employees will retain their vested stock options before exercising them and the estimated volatility of our common stock price over the expected term. the assumptions for expected volatility and expected term are the two assumptions that most significantly affect the grant date fair value of stock options. changes in expected risk-free rate of return do not significantly impact the calculation of fair value and determining this input is not highly subjective.
we use implied volatility based on our traded options in the open market, as we believe implied volatility is more reflective of market conditions and a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility. in determining the appropriateness of relying on implied volatility, we considered the following:
•the sufficiency of the trading volume of our traded options;
•the ability to reasonably match the terms, such as the date of the grant and the exercise price of our traded options to options granted; and
•the length of the term of our traded options used to derive implied volatility.
the expected term represents the weighted-average period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. the expected term is based on the observed and expected time to exercise. we determine expected term based on historical exercise patterns and our expectation of the time it will take for employees to exercise options still outstanding.
changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate of the fair value of stock options and, consequently, the related amount of share-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income.
accounting for income taxes. significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets in accordance with u.s. gaap. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits, and deductions and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as the interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in the current or subsequent period.
we must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. in the event that all or part of our deferred tax assets are not recoverable in the future, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be recoverable. in order for our deferred tax assets to be recoverable, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in those jurisdictions where the deferred tax assets are located. we consider forecasted income, including income that may be generated as a result of certain tax planning strategies, together with future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, in determining the need for a valuation allowance. as of december 31, 2020, we believe it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets ultimately will be recovered with the exception of our california deferred tax assets. we believe that, due to the computation of california taxes under the single sales factor, it is more likely than not that our california deferred tax assets will not be realized. should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would be affected in the period in which such change takes place.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. if we determine that a tax position will more likely than not be sustained on audit, then the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we re-evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effective settlement of audit issues, and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
accounting for legal contingencies.  from time to time, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings involving product liability, intellectual property, shareholder derivative actions, securities class actions, insurance, employee-related, and other matters. we record a liability and related charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. our assessment is re-evaluated each accounting period and is based on all available information, including discussion with any outside legal counsel that table of contents represents us. if a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. if a loss is reasonably possible, but not probable, and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
when determining the estimated probable loss or range of losses, significant judgment is required to be exercised in order to estimate the amount and timing of the loss to be recorded. estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation are inherently difficult to make, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages with incomplete facts and information. the final outcome of legal proceedings is dependent on many variables difficult to predict and, therefore, the ultimate cost to entirely resolve such matters may be materially different than the amount of current estimates. consequently, new information or changes in judgments and estimates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows.
recent accounting pronouncements see "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements.