item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition. the md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data.
the md&a generally discusses 2020 and 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019. discussions of 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results or operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019 filed with the sec on february 7, 2020.
we are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. we also provide a broad range of management, engineering, technical, scientific, logistics, system integration and cybersecurity services. we serve both u.s. and international customers with products and services that have defense, civil and commercial applications, with our principal customers being agencies of the u.s. government. in 2020, 74% of our $65.4 billion in net sales were from the u.s. government, either as a prime contractor or as a subcontractor (including 64% from the department of defense (dod)), 25% were from international customers (including foreign military sales (fms) contracted through the u.s. government) and 1% were from u.s. commercial and other customers. our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security and information technology, including cybersecurity.
we operate in four business segments: aeronautics, missiles and fire control (mfc), rotary and mission systems (rms) and space. we organize our business segments based on the nature of the products and services offered.
we operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the u.s. and globally. a significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our u.s. and international customers at affordable prices. recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. we continue to focus on affordability initiatives. we also expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers, including through acquisitions, and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed.
the global outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) was declared a pandemic by the world health organization and a national emergency by the u.s. government in march 2020 and has negatively affected the u.s. and global economies, disrupted global supply chains, resulted in significant travel and transport restrictions, including mandated closures and orders to "shelter-in-place" and quarantine restrictions. we have taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions and support our community in addressing the challenges posed by this ongoing global pandemic. the pandemic has presented unprecedented business challenges, and we have experienced impacts in each of our business areas related to covid-19, primarily in increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, impacts of travel restrictions, site access and quarantine requirements, and the impacts of remote work and adjusted work schedules.
despite these challenges, lockheed martin and the u.s. government's pro-active efforts, especially with regard to the supply chain, helped to partially mitigate the disruptions caused by covid-19 on our operations in 2020. in addition, favorable contract award timing, strong operational performance and lower travel and overhead expenditures due to covid-19 restrictions partially offset the impacts of covid-19 on our financial results in 2020. however, the ultimate impact of covid-19 on our operations and financial performance in future periods, including our ability to execute our programs in the expected timeframe, remains uncertain and will depend on future pandemic related developments, including the duration of the pandemic, any potential subsequent waves of covid-19 infection, the effectiveness, distribution and acceptance of covid-19 vaccines, and related government actions to prevent and manage disease spread, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. the long-term impacts of covid-19 on government budgets and other funding priorities, including international priorities, that impact demand for our products and services and our business are also difficult to predict but could negatively affect our future results of operations. for additional risks to the corporation related to the covid-19 pandemic, see item 1a - risk factors.
in accordance with the department of homeland security's identification of the defense industrial base as a critical infrastructure sector in march 2020, our u.s. production facilities have continued to operate in support of essential products and services required to meet national security commitments to the u.s. government and the u.s. military. although we are designated as a critical infrastructure workforce, operations have been adjusted in response to the pandemic, including, most significantly, a reduction in the f-35 production rate primarily due to supplier delays. the reduction delayed 2020 f-35 deliveries by 18 aircraft. due to the supplier delays, we implemented a temporary schedule adjustment for the f-35 production workforce in fort worth, texas. while the f-35 production workforce resumed their pre-covid-19 work schedule in the third quarter of 2020, staffing levels at our facilities, our customer facilities, and our supplier facilities have and could continue to fluctuate as a result of covid-19, which could negatively impact our business. in addition, countries other than the u.s. have different responses to the pandemic that can affect our international operations and the operations of our suppliers and customers. base closures, travel restrictions, and quarantine requirements both within and outside the u.s. have affected our normal operations and resulted in some schedule delays and future or prolonged occurrences of these could adversely affect our ability to achieve future contract milestones and our results of operations.
the u.s. government has taken actions in response to covid-19 to increase the progress payment rates in new and existing contracts and accelerate contract awards to provide cash flow and liquidity for companies in the defense industrial base, including large prime contractors like lockheed martin and smaller suppliers. we continue to proactively monitor our supply chain and have implemented multiple actions to help mitigate the effects of covid-19, including accelerating payments to suppliers within our global supply base as a result of the actions taken by the dod in changing the progress payment policy. we plan to continue to accelerate payments to the supply chain assuming the continuation of the current dod progress payment policy in order to mitigate covid-19 risks, prioritizing impacted suppliers and small businesses. as described in item 1a, risk factors of our annual report on form 10-k, we rely on other companies and the u.s. government to provide materials, major components and products, and to perform a portion of the services that are provided to our customers under the terms of most of our contracts. many of these suppliers also supply parts for commercial aviation businesses which have been more significantly impacted by the pandemic due to the impacts on these markets. global supply chain disruption caused by the response to covid-19 has impacted some of our programs and could impact our ability to perform on our contracts, in particular in instances where there is not a qualified second source of supply. we have identified a number of suppliers that have experienced delivery impacts due to covid-19 and have been working to manage those impacts. however, if alternatives or other mitigations are not effective, deliveries and other milestones on affected programs could be adversely impacted.
our work in production facilities and labs has continued throughout the pandemic, consistent with guidance from federal, state and local officials to minimize the spread of covid-19. we have taken actions to equip employees with personal protective equipment, establish minimum staffing and social distancing policies, sanitize workspaces more frequently, adopt alternate work schedules and institute other measures aimed to sustain production and related services while minimizing the transmission of covid-19. in addition, we have implemented a flexible teleworking policy for employees who can meet our customer commitments remotely, and a significant portion of our workforce is currently teleworking. it remains uncertain when and on what scale teleworking employees will return to work in person. we have not previously experienced such a significant portion of our workforce working remotely for a prolonged period, so its effects on our long-term operations are unknown.
coronavirus-related costs for us and our suppliers are significant and we are seeking reimbursement of coronavirus-related costs under our u.s. government contracts through a combination of equitable adjustments to the contract price and reimbursement of the costs under section 3610 of the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act (cares act), which allows federal agencies to reimburse contractors at the minimum applicable contract billing rate for costs arising from certain paid leave, including sick leave a contractor provides to keep its employees or subcontractors in a ready state, as well as to protect the life and safety of government and contractor personnel from march 27, 2020 through march 31, 2021. reimbursement of any costs under section 3610 of the cares act increases sales, but is not expected to be at a profit or fee and so would have the effect of reducing our margins in future periods. these cost increases, including costs for employees whose jobs cannot be performed remotely and for certain costs incurred prior to march 27, 2020, may not be fully recoverable under our contracts, particularly fixed-price contracts, or adequately covered by insurance. we also have no assurance that congress will appropriate funds to cover the reimbursement of defense contractors authorized by the cares act, which could reduce funds available for other u.s. government defense priorities. we also deferred certain payroll taxes in 2020 as provided for in the cares act, which has the effect of increasing our cash from operations in 2020, but reducing cash from operations in 2021 and 2022.
we continue to work with our customers, employees, suppliers and communities to address the impacts of covid-19 and to take actions in an effort to mitigate adverse consequences.
2021 financial trends we expect our 2021 net sales to increase by approximately 4% from 2020 levels. the projected growth is driven by increases across all four business areas. specifically, the increased growth is driven by f-35, f-16 and classified programs at aeronautics, increased volume within integrated air and missile defense at mfc, increased volume on sikorsky helicopter program and training and logistics solutions programs at rms, and hypersonics volume (including an acquisition of integration innovation inc.'s (i3) hypersonics portfolio in november 2020) at space. total business segment operating margin in 2021 is expected to be approximately 11.0% and cash from operations is expected to be greater than or equal to $8.3 billion, net of $1.0 billion of planned pension contributions. the preliminary outlook for 2021 reflects the uk ministry of defense's intent to re-nationalize the atomic weapons establishment program (awe program) on june 30, 2021. it does not incorporate the pending acquisition of aerojet rocketdyne holdings, inc. announced on december 20, 2020. the outlook for 2021 assumes continued support and funding of our programs, known impacts of covid-19, and a statutory tax rate of 21%. additionally, it assumes that there will not be significant reductions in customer budgets, changes in funding priorities and that the u.s. government will not operate under a continuing resolution for an extended period in which new contract and program starts are restricted. changes in circumstances may require us to revise our assumptions, which could materially change our current estimate of 2021 net sales, operating margin and cash flows.
we expect a total net fas/cas pension benefit of approximately $2.3 billion in 2021 based on a 2.50% discount rate (a 75 basis point decrease from the end of 2019), an approximate 16.5% return on plan assets in 2020, and a 7.00% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets in future years, among other assumptions. we expect to make contributions of approximately $1.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2021 and anticipate recovering approximately $2.1 billion of cas pension cost.
portfolio shaping activities we continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. we accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture and internal realignment activities.
we selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. we also may explore the divestiture of businesses that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization. in pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and equity investments.
acquisitions on december 20, 2020 we entered into an agreement to acquire aerojet rocketdyne holdings, inc. (aerojet rocketdyne) for $56 per share in cash, which is expected to be reduced to $51 per share after aerojet rocketdyne pays a pre-closing special dividend to its stockholders on march 24, 2021. this represents a post-dividend equity value of approximately $4.6 billion, on a fully diluted as-converted basis, and a transaction value of approximately $4.4 billion after the assumption of aerojet rocketdyne's projected net cash balance. we expect to finance the acquisition through a combination of cash on hand and new debt issuances. the acquisition provides the corporation the opportunity to integrate aerojet rocketdyne's propulsion systems more effectively into its products, generate cost and revenue synergies, and improve efficiencies in aerojet rocketdyne's production operations. the transaction will also allow customers incorporating aerojet rocketdyne products to offer more timely, innovative and affordable solutions, and reduce the prices paid by the u s. government for systems it buys. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2021 and is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and approval by aerojet rocketdyne's stockholders. for risks related to the transaction, see item 1a - risk factors. for more information regarding the acquisition terms, see item 1.01 in our current report on form 8-k filed with the sec on december 21, 2020 for a description and copy of the merger agreement.
additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we paid approximately $282 million for the acquisitions of integration innovation inc.'s (i3) hypersonics portfolio and allcomp inc. the purchase price for each was allocated to the estimated fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, with any excess purchase price recorded as goodwill. as a result, we recorded goodwill of $173 million at our space business segment and $16 million at our aeronautics business segment. the final determination of the fair values of certain assets and liabilities will be completed within the measurement period of up to one year from the respective acquisition date. the operating results of the businesses acquired have been included within our operating results since their respective acquisition dates.
industry considerations u.s. government funding on december 27, 2020, the president signed the fiscal year (fy) 2021 consolidated appropriations act, providing annual funding for the dod, other government agencies, and covid-19 relief. the appropriations provide $741 billion in discretionary funding for national defense (includes dod funding and defense-related spending in energy and water development, homeland security, and military construction appropriations), of which $671 billion is in base funding and $69 billion is overseas contingency operations (oco)/emergency funding (oco and emergency supplemental funding do not count toward discretionary spending caps). of the $741 billion, the dod was allocated $704 billion, composed of $635 billion in base funding and $69 billion in oco and emergency funding. the appropriations adhere to the bipartisan budget act of 2019 (bba 2019), which increased the spending limits for both defense and non-defense discretionary funds for the final two years (fy 2020 and fy 2021) of the budget control act of 2011 (bca).
the appropriations act also provides stimulus funds to individuals, businesses, and hospitals in response to the economic distress caused by the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic. additionally, it extends section 3610 of the cares act until march 31, 2021, which gives dod and federal agencies discretion to reimburse contractors for any paid leave, including sick leave, a contractor provides during the pandemic to keep its employees in a ready state.
international business a key component of our strategic plan is to grow our international sales. to accomplish this growth, we continue to focus on strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. we conduct business with international customers through each of our business segments through either fms or direct sales to international customers. see item 1a - risk factors for a discussion of risks related to international sales.
international customers accounted for 31% of aeronautics' 2020 net sales. there continues to be strong international interest in the f-35 program, which includes commitments from the u.s. government and seven international partner countries and six international customers, as well as expressions of interest from other countries. the u.s. government and the partner countries continue to work together on the design, testing, production, and sustainment of the f-35 program. other areas of international expansion at our aeronautics business segment include the f-16 and c-130j programs. aeronautics received contracts in 2020 with bulgaria and taiwan for new f-16 aircraft, extending work beyond 2025. the c-130j super hercules aircraft continued to draw interest from various international customers, including a contract in 2020 from new zealand.
in 2020, international customers accounted for 25% of mfc's net sales. our mfc business segment continues to generate significant international interest, most notably in the air and missile defense product line, which produces the patriot advanced capability-3 (pac-3) and terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) systems. the pac-3 family of missiles are the only combat proven hit-to-kill interceptors that defend against incoming threats, including tactical ballistic missiles, cruise missiles and aircraft. fourteen nations have chosen pac-3 cost reduction initiative (cri) and pac-3 missile segment enhancement (mse) to provide missile defense capabilities. thaad is an integrated system designed to protect against high altitude ballistic missile threats. additionally, we continue to see international demand for our tactical missile and fire control products, where we received orders for precision fires systems from poland and romania; and apache and low altitude navigation and targeting infrared for night (lantirn®) systems for qatar.
in 2020, international customers accounted for 25% of rms' net sales. our rms business segment continues to experience international interest in the aegis ballistic missile defense system (aegis) for which we perform activities in the development, production, modernization, ship integration, test and lifetime support for ships of international customers such as japan, spain, republic of korea, and australia. we have ongoing combat systems programs associated with different classes of surface combatant ships for customers in canada, chile, and new zealand. our multi-mission surface combatant (mmsc) program provides surface combatant ships for international customers, such as the kingdom of saudi arabia, designed to operate in shallow waters and the open ocean. in our training and logistics solutions portfolio, we have active programs and pursuits in the united kingdom, the kingdom of saudi arabia, canada, singapore, australia, germany and france. we have active development, production, and sustainment support of the s-70i black hawk® and mh-60 seahawk® aircraft to foreign military customers, including chile, australia, denmark, taiwan, the kingdom of saudi arabia, colombia, and greece. commercial aircraft are sold to international customers to support search and rescue missions as well as vip and offshore oil and gas transportation.
international customers accounted for 13% of space's 2020 net sales. the majority of our space business segment international sales are from our majority share of awe management limited (awe), which operates the united kingdom's nuclear deterrent program. the work at awe covers the entire life cycle, from initial concept, assessment and design, through component manufacture and assembly, in-service support and decommissioning, and disposal. on november 2, 2020, the uk ministry of defense (mod) announced its intention to re-nationalize the program on june 30, 2021. we are working with the mod to transition operations.
status of the f-35 program the f-35 program primarily consists of production contracts, sustainment activities, and new development efforts. production of the aircraft is expected to continue for many years given the u.s. government's current inventory objective of 2,456 aircraft for the u.s. air force, u.s. marine corps, and u.s. navy; commitments from our seven international partner countries and six international customers; as well as expressions of interest from other countries.
during 2020, the f-35 program completed several milestones both domestically and internationally. the u.s. government continued testing the aircraft, including ship trials, mission and weapons systems evaluations, and the f-35 fleet recently surpassed 355,000 flight hours. during the second half of 2020, the u.s. government awarded the production of 18 f-35 block buy aircraft in addition to the 448 aircraft previously awarded. since program inception, we have delivered 611 production f-35 aircraft, demonstrating the f-35 program's continued progress and longevity. the first 611 f-35 aircraft delivered to u.s. and international customers include 438 f-35a variants, 128 f-35b variants, and 45 f-35c variants.
in response to covid-19 f-35 supplier delays and in conjunction with the f-35 joint program office, we have tapered our production rate, and we anticipate resuming a pre-covid-19 production rate in 2021. the delays resulted in 18 fewer deliveries than originally planned in 2020. see the discussion in business overview - covid-19 and item 1a, risk factors.
as a result of turkey accepting delivery of the russian s-400 air and missile defense system, the u.s. government removed turkey from the f-35 program in 2019 and in december 2020 imposed sanctions on turkey's defense procurement agency (ssb) and certain of the agency's officers under the countering america's adversaries through sanctions act (caatsa). the primary sanction imposed was a restriction on all new u.s. export licenses and authorizations for any goods or technology transferred to the ssb, but does not apply to current, valid export licenses and authorizations. lockheed martin expects the u.s. government to continue to engage turkey on these issues, but we have no indication that the sanctions will be removed, that additional sanctions will not be imposed or that turkey will not issue reciprocal sanctions. while we do not expect the current sanctions to have a material effect on our current programs, additional sanctions, reciprocal sanctions or other actions, could be material to our operations, operating results, financial position or cash flows.
in addition to having committed to purchase up to 100 f-35 aircraft, six of which had completed production at the time of removal, turkish suppliers continue to produce component parts for the f-35 program, some of which are single-sourced. to minimize the risks of disruption of our supply chain and ensure continuity of f-35 production, we have been working closely with the dod and supporting activities to identify and engage alternate suppliers for the component parts produced by turkish suppliers. we have made significant progress transitioning to non-turkish suppliers, but due to the procedure to qualify new parts and suppliers, this collaborative process between dod and lockheed martin is ongoing. during 2020, the dod publicly confirmed that turkish suppliers would be permitted to provide certain components for the f-35 through 2022. while the transition timeline is an important first step, it is equally important that our replacement capacity is re-established so that production is not impacted. efforts to date have significantly reduced our risk, but final resolution on a limited number of remaining components could affect f-35 deliveries, and any accelerated work stoppage would impact cost. we will continue to follow official u.s. government guidance as it relates to completed turkish aircraft and the export and import of component parts from the turkish supply chain.
the effects on the f-35 program of the u.s. government sanctions on the ssb and turkey's removal from the f-35 program do not appear to be significant at this time. however, unforeseen actions could impact the timing of orders, disrupt the production of aircraft, delay delivery of aircraft, disrupt delivery of sustainment components produced in turkey and impact funding on the f-35 program to include the result of any reprogramming of funds that may be necessary to mitigate the impact of alternate sources for component parts made in turkey. while, in the case of the f-35 program, we expect that these costs ultimately would be recovered from the u.s. government, the availability or timing of any recovery could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. for additional discussion, including the risk of sanctions on other programs involving sales to turkey or work with turkish industry, see item 1a - risk factors.
given the size and complexity of the f-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the dod, congressional, and international partner countries' oversight and budgeting processes. current program challenges include, but are not limited to, supplier and partner performance, software development, level of cost associated with life cycle operations and sustainment and warranties, receiving funding for contracts on a timely basis, executing future flight tests, and findings resulting from testing and operating the aircraft.
backlog at december 31, 2020, our backlog was $147.1 billion compared with $144.0 billion at december 31, 2019. backlog at december 31, 2020 was reduced by $1.0 billion to reflect the impact of the u.k. ministry of defense's intent to re-nationalize the awe program on june 30, 2021. backlog is converted into sales in future periods as work is performed or deliveries are made. we expect to recognize approximately 39% of our backlog over the next 12 months and approximately 61% over the next 24 months as revenue, with the remainder recognized thereafter.
our backlog includes both funded (firm orders for our products and services for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded (firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated) amounts. we do not include unexercised options or potential orders under indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity agreements in our backlog. if any of our contracts with firm orders were to be terminated, our backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the unfilled orders of such contracts. funded backlog was $102.3 billion at december 31, 2020, as compared to $94.5 billion at december 31, 2019. for backlog related to each of our business segments, see "business segment results of operations" in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
consolidated results of operations our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. the following discussions of comparative results among years should be reviewed in this context. all per share amounts cited in these discussions are presented on a "per diluted share" basis, unless otherwise noted. our consolidated results of operations were as follows (in millions, except per share data):
gross profit                                                                  8,654                     8,367                     7,274
operating profit (a)(b)(c)(d)                                                 8,644                     8,545                     7,334
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                       8,235                     7,241                     5,838
(a)for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2018, operating profit include a non-cash asset impairment charge of $128 million and $110 million related to ammroc. see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
(b)for the year ended december 31 , 2020, operating profit includes $27 million of severance charges primarily related to corporate functions. for the year ended december 31, 2018, operating profit includes $96 million of severance and restructuring charges.
(c)for the year ended december 31, 2019, operating profit includes a previously deferred non-cash gain of approximately $51 million related to properties sold in 2015.
(d)for the year ended december 31, 2019, operating profit includes a gain of $34 million for the sale of our distributed energy solutions business.
(e)net earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019 include benefits of $127 million ($0.45 per share) for additional tax deductions for the prior year, primarily attributable to foreign derived intangible income treatment based on proposed tax regulations released on march 4, 2019 and our change in tax accounting method. net earnings for the year ended december 31, 2018 include benefits of $146 million ($0.51 per share) for additional tax deductions for the prior year, primarily attributable to true-ups to the net one-time charges related to the tax cuts and jobs act enacted on december 22, 2017 and our change in tax accounting method. see "income tax expense" section below and "note 10 - income taxes" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(f)discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 includes a $55 million ($0.20 per share) non-cash charge resulting from the resolution of certain tax matters related to the former information systems & global solutions business divested in 2016.
certain amounts reported in other income, net, primarily our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees, are included in the operating profit of our business segments. accordingly, such amounts are included in our discussion of our business segment results of operations.
net sales we generate sales from the delivery of products and services to our customers. our consolidated net sales were as follows (in millions):
substantially all of our contracts are accounted for using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method. under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method, we record net sales on contracts over time based upon our progress towards completion on a particular contract, as well as our estimate of the profit to be earned at completion. the following discussion of material changes in our consolidated net sales should be read in tandem with the subsequent discussion of changes in our consolidated cost of sales and our business segment results of operations because changes in our sales are typically accompanied by a corresponding change in our cost of sales due to the nature of the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method.
product sales product sales increased $4.9 billion, or 10%, in 2020 as compared to 2019, primarily due to higher product sales of $2.0 billion at aeronautics, $1.4 billion at mfc, $945 million at space and $540 million at rms. the increase in product sales at aeronautics was primarily due to higher production volume for the f-35 program and classified development contracts. the increase in product sales at mfc was primarily due to increased volume for integrated air and missile defense programs (primarily pac-3 and thaad) and tactical and strike missile programs (primarily guided multiple launch rocket systems (gmlrs) and high mobility artillery rocket system (himars)). the increase in product sales at space was primarily due to higher volume for government satellite programs (primarily next gen opir) and strategic and missile defense programs (primarily hypersonic development programs). the increase in product sales at rms was primarily due to higher volume for sikorsky helicopter programs (primarily seahawk, vh-92a, and combat rescue helicopter (crh) production contracts), c6isr programs (primarily on undersea combat systems programs), and integrated warfare systems and sensors (iwss) programs (primarily aegis), partially offset by lower volume on various tls programs.
service sales service sales increased $711 million, or 7%, in 2020 as compared to 2019. the increase in service sales was primarily due to higher sales of approximately $565 million at aeronautics and $325 million at rms, partially offset by lower sales of $255 million at mfc. the increase in service sales at aeronautics was primarily due to higher sustainment volume for the f-35 and f-16 programs. the increase in service sales at rms was primarily due to higher volume for sikorsky helicopter programs (primarily a seahawk sustainment program) and iwss programs (primarily radar surveillance systems programs). the decrease in service sales at mfc was primarily due to lower volume on energy programs due to the divestiture of the distributed energy solutions business, sensors and global sustainment programs (primarily apache sensors program), and integrated air and missile defense development programs (primarily pac-3).
cost of sales cost of sales, for both products and services, consist of materials, labor, subcontracting costs, an allocation of indirect costs (overhead and general and administrative), as well as the costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers. for each of our contracts, we monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. our consolidated cost of sales were as follows (in millions):
the following discussion of material changes in our consolidated cost of sales for products and services should be read in tandem with the preceding discussion of changes in our consolidated net sales and our business segment results of operations. we have not identified any developing trends in cost of sales for products and services that would have a material impact on our future operations.
product costs product costs increased approximately $4.4 billion, or 10%, in 2020 as compared to 2019. the increase in product costs was primarily due to higher product costs of approximately $1.8 billion at aeronautics, $1.2 billion at mfc, $1.0 billion at space and $430 million at rms. the increase in product costs at aeronautics was primarily due to higher production volume for the f-35 program and classified contracts. the increase in product costs at mfc was primarily due to increased volume for integrated air and missile defense programs (primarily pac-3 and thaad) and tactical and strike missile programs (primarily gmlrs and himars). the increase in product costs at space was primarily due to increased volume for government satellite programs (primarily next gen opir) and strategic and missile defense programs (primarily hypersonic development programs). the increase in product costs at rms was primarily due to higher volume for sikorsky helicopter programs (primarily seahawk, vh-92a, and crh production contracts), c6isr programs (primarily on undersea combat systems programs), and iwss programs (primarily aegis), partially offset by lower volume on various tls programs.
service costs service costs increased approximately $640 million, or 7%, in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase in service costs was primarily due to higher service costs of approximately $485 million at aeronautics and $245 million at rms, partially offset by lower service costs of approximately $180 million at mfc. the increase in service costs at aeronautics was primarily due to higher sustainment volume for the f-35 and f-16 programs. the increase in service costs at rms was primarily due to higher volume for sikorsky helicopter programs (primarily a seahawk sustainment program) and iwss programs (primarily radar surveillance systems programs), partially offset by charges for an army sustainment program in 2019 not repeated in 2020. the decrease in service costs at mfc was primarily due to lower volume on energy programs due to the divestiture of the distributed energy solutions business, sensors and global sustainment programs (primarily apache sensors program), and integrated air and missile defense development programs (primarily pac-3).
severance charges during 2020, we recorded severance charges totaling $27 million ($21 million, or $0.08 per share, after-tax) related to the planned elimination of certain positions primarily at our corporate functions. upon separation, terminated employees receive lump-sum severance payments primarily based on years of service, the majority of which are expected to be paid over the next several quarters.
other unallocated, net other unallocated, net primarily includes the fas/cas operating adjustment as described in the "business segment results of operations" section below, stock-based compensation expense and other corporate costs. these items are not allocated to the business segments and, therefore, are not allocated to cost of sales for products or services. other unallocated, net reduced cost of sales by $1.7 billion in 2020, compared to $1.9 billion in 2019.
the decrease in net reduction in expense from 2019 to 2020 was primarily attributable to a decrease in our fas/cas operating adjustment and fluctuations in other costs associated with various corporate items, none of which were individually significant. see "business segment results of operations" and "critical accounting policies - postretirement benefit plans" discussion below for more information on our pension cost.
other (expense) income, net other (expense) income, net primarily includes our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees and gains or losses for acquisitions and divestitures. other expense, net in 2020 was $10 million, compared to other income, net of $178 million in 2019. other expense, net in 2020 included a non-cash asset impairment charge of $128 million ($96 million, or $0.34 per share, after-tax) for our international equity method investee, ammroc. other income, net in 2019 included the recognition of a previously deferred non-cash gain of approximately $51 million ($38 million, or $0.13 per share, after-tax) related to properties sold in 2015 as a result of completing our remaining obligations and a $34 million gain (approximately $0 after-tax) for the sale of our distributed energy solutions business.
in july 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our ownership interest in ammroc to our joint venture partner for $307 million, subject to certain closing conditions. accordingly, we adjusted the carrying value of our investment to the selling price of $307 million, which resulted in the recognition of a noncash impairment charge of $128 million ($96 million, or $0.34 per share, after-tax) in our results of operations. the sale was completed on november 25, 2020. the purchase price is required to be paid in cash installments in 2021 and is guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit issued by a third-party financial institution.
interest expense interest expense in 2020 was $591 million, compared to $653 million in 2019. the decrease in interest expense in 2020 resulted primarily from our scheduled repayment of $900 million of debt during 2019. see "capital structure, resources and other" included within "liquidity and cash flows" discussion below and "note 11 - debt" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our debt.
other non-operating income (expense), net other non-operating income (expense), net primarily includes the non-service cost components of fas pension and other postretirement benefit plan income (expense) (i.e., interest cost, expected return on plan assets, net actuarial gains or losses, and amortization of prior service cost or credits). other non-operating income, net in 2020 was $182 million, compared to other non-operating expense, net of $651 million in 2019. the increase in 2020 was primarily due to a reduction in non-service fas pension expense for our qualified defined benefit pension plans. the increase was primarily due to fas pension income in 2020, compared to fas pension expense in 2019, as a result of completing the planned freeze of our salaried pension plans effective january 1, 2020 that was previously announced on july 1, 2014.
income tax expense our effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 16.4% for 2020 and 14.0% for 2019. the rate for 2019 was lower than the rate for 2020 primarily due to $98 million additional tax deductions for 2018 attributable to foreign derived intangible income treatment, which lowered the rate 1.4%, and $51 million additional research and development credits, which reduced our effective tax rate by 0.8%.
the rates for both 2020 and 2019 benefited from additional tax deductions based on proposed tax regulations released on march 4, 2019, which clarified that foreign military sales qualify for foreign derived intangible income treatment. on july 9, 2020, the u.s. treasury department issued final tax regulations related to foreign derived intangible income. the final tax regulations confirm foreign military sales qualify for foreign derived intangible income treatment.
the rates for 2020 and 2019 also benefited from the research and development tax credit, dividends paid to the corporation's defined contribution plans with an employee stock ownership plan feature, and tax deductions for employee equity awards.
on march 27, 2020, president trump signed into law the cares act, which, along with earlier issued irs guidance, provides for deferral of certain taxes. the cares act, among other things, also contains numerous other provisions which impact lockheed martin. the cares act and the projected annual financial impact of covid-19 did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020.
changes in u.s. (federal or state) or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, including the amortization for research or experimental expenditures, could significantly impact our provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable, our deferred tax asset and liability balances, and stockholders' equity. beginning in 2022, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to amortize them over five years. while it is possible that congress may modify or repeal this provision before it takes effect and we continue to have ongoing discussions with members of congress, both on our own and with other industries through coalitions, we have no assurance that these provisions will be modified or repealed. furthermore, we are continuing to work with our advisors to refine our legal interpretation of this provision prior to implementation in 2022. if these provisions are not repealed and based on current interpretations of the law, initially this would materially decrease our cash from operations based on current assumptions beginning in 2022 by approximately $2.0 billion; and increase our net deferred tax assets by a similar amount. the largest impact would be on 2022 cash from operations, which would depend on the amount of research and development expenses paid or incurred in 2022 and other factors. the impact, however, would continue over the five year amortization period but would decrease over the period and be immaterial in year six. the amount of net deferred tax assets will change periodically based on several factors, including the measurement of our postretirement benefit plan obligations, actual cash contributions to our postretirement benefit plans, and future changes in tax laws. in addition, we are regularly under audit or examination by tax authorities, including foreign tax authorities (including in, amongst others, australia, canada, india, italy, japan, poland, and the united kingdom). the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could similarly result in unanticipated increases in our tax expense and affect profitability and cash flows.
net earnings from continuing operations we reported net earnings from continuing operations of $6.9 billion ($24.50 per share) in 2020 and $6.2 billion ($21.95 per share) in 2019. both net earnings and earnings per share were affected by the factors mentioned above. earnings per share also benefited from a net decrease of approximately 1.2 million common shares outstanding from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2019 as a result of share repurchases, partially offset by share issuances under our stock-based awards and certain defined contribution plans.
net loss from discontinued operations in 2020, we recognized a $55 million ($0.20 per share) non-cash charge resulting from the resolution of certain tax matters related to the former information systems & global solutions business divested in 2016.
business segment results of operations we operate in four business segments: aeronautics, mfc, rms and space. we organize our business segments based on the nature of products and services offered.
net sales and operating profit of our business segments exclude intersegment sales, cost of sales, and profit as these activities are eliminated in consolidation. business segment operating profit includes our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees as the operating activities of the equity method investees are closely aligned with the operations of our business segments. united launch alliance (ula), results of which are included in our space business segment, is one of our largest equity method investees.
business segment operating profit also excludes the fas/cas operating adjustment described below, a portion of corporate costs not considered allowable or allocable to contracts with the u.s. government under the applicable u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas) or federal acquisition regulations (far), and other items not considered part of management's evaluation of segment operating performance such as a portion of management and administration costs, legal fees and settlements, environmental costs, stock-based compensation expense, retiree benefits, significant severance actions, significant asset impairments, gains or losses from significant divestitures, and other miscellaneous corporate activities.
excluded items are included in the reconciling item "unallocated items" between operating profit from our business segments and our consolidated operating profit. see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion related to certain factors that may impact the comparability of net sales and operating profit of our business segments.
our business segments' results of operations include pension expense only as calculated under cas pension cost. we recover cas pension and other postretirement benefit plan cost through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts and, therefore, recognize cas cost in each of our business segment's net sales and cost of sales. our consolidated financial statements must present fas pension and other postretirement benefit plan expense calculated in accordance with fas requirements under u.s. gaap. the operating portion of the net fas/cas pension adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of fas pension expense and total cas pension cost. the non-service fas pension cost component is included in other non-operating expense, net in our consolidated statements of earnings. as a result, to the extent that cas pension cost exceeds the service cost component of fas pension expense we have a favorable fas/cas operating adjustment.
summary operating results for each of our business segments were as follows (in millions):
missiles and fire control                                   11,257                  10,131                   8,462
rotary and mission systems                                  15,995                  15,128                  14,250
operating profit aeronautics                                                 $2,843                  $2,521                  $2,272
missiles and fire control                                    1,545                   1,441                   1,248
rotary and mission systems                                   1,615                   1,421                   1,302
total business segment operating profit                      7,152                   6,574                   5,877
unallocated items fas/cas operating adjustment (a)                             1,876                   2,049                   1,803
severance and restructuring charges (b)                       (27)                       -                    (96)
total consolidated operating profit                         $8,644                  $8,545                  $7,334
(a)the fas/cas operating adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of fas pension income (expense) and total pension costs recoverable on u.s. government contracts as determined in accordance with cas. for a detail of the fas/cas operating adjustment and the total net fas/cas pension adjustment, see the table below.
(b)see "consolidated results of operations - severance charges" discussion above for information on charges related to certain severance actions across our organization.
(c)other, net in 2020 includes a non-cash impairment charge of $128 million recognized on our investment in the international equity method investee, ammroc. other, net in 2019 includes a previously deferred non-cash gain of $51 million related to properties sold in 2015 as a result of completing our remaining obligations and a gain of $34 million for the sale of our distributed energy solutions business. other, net in 2018 includes a non-cash asset impairment charge of $110 million related to our equity method investee, ammroc (see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information).
total fas income (expense) and cas costs fas pension income (expense)                                     $118                  $(1,093)                  $(1,431)
we recover cas pension and other postretirement benefit plan cost through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts and, therefore, recognize cas cost in each of our business segment's net sales and cost of sales. our consolidated financial statements must present fas pension and other postretirement benefit plan expense calculated in accordance with fas requirements under u.s. gaap. the operating portion of the net fas/cas pension adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of fas pension income (expense) and total cas pension cost. the non-service fas pension income (expense) component is included in other non-operating income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of earnings. as a result, to the extent that cas pension cost exceeds the service cost component of fas pension income (expense), we have a favorable fas/cas operating adjustment.
the following segment discussions also include information relating to backlog for each segment. backlog was approximately $147.1 billion and $144.0 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019. these amounts included both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding has not yet been appropriated). backlog does not include unexercised options or task orders to be issued under indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contracts. funded backlog was approximately $102.3 billion at december 31, 2020, as compared to $94.5 billion at december 31, 2019. if any of our contracts with firm orders were to be terminated, our backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the unfilled orders of such contracts.
management evaluates performance on our contracts by focusing on net sales and operating profit and not by type or amount of operating expense. consequently, our discussion of business segment performance focuses on net sales and operating profit, consistent with our approach for managing the business. this approach is consistent throughout the life cycle of our contracts, as management assesses the bidding of each contract by focusing on net sales and operating profit and monitors performance on our contracts in a similar manner through their completion.
we regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. the cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. for example, cost data provided to a customer for a product would typically align to the subcomponents of that product (such as a wing-box on an aircraft) and for services would align to the type of work being performed (such as aircraft sustainment). our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. most of our contracts are bid and negotiated with our customers under circumstances in which we are required to disclose our estimated total costs to provide the product or service. this approach for negotiating contracts with our u.s. government customers generally allows for recovery of our actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. we also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices.
many of our contracts span several years and include highly complex technical requirements. at the outset of a contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of total costs to complete the contract. the estimates consider the technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product), the schedule and associated tasks (e.g., the number and type of milestone events) and costs (e.g., material, labor, subcontractor, overhead and the estimated costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers). the initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract, which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract. conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase. all of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate.
we have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the u.s. government which cannot be specifically described. the operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs.
our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the u.s. government as well as fms contracted through the u.s. government. we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. for performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. for performance obligations in which control does not continuously transfer to the customer, we recognize revenue at the point in time in which each performance obligation is fully satisfied.
changes in net sales and operating profit generally are expressed in terms of volume. changes in volume refer to increases or decreases in sales or operating profit resulting from varying production activity levels, deliveries or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes in segment operating profit are typically based on the current profit booking rate for a particular contract.
in addition, comparability of our segment sales, operating profit and operating margin may be impacted favorably or unfavorably by changes in profit booking rates on our contracts for which we recognize revenue over time using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method to measure progress towards completion. increases in the profit booking rates, typically referred to as risk retirements, usually relate to revisions in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations that reflect improved conditions on a particular contract. conversely, conditions on a particular contract may deteriorate, resulting in an increase in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations and a reduction in the profit booking rate. increases or decreases in profit booking rates are recognized in the current period and reflect the inception-to-date effect of such changes. segment operating profit and margin may also be impacted favorably or unfavorably by other items, which may or may not impact sales. favorable items may include the positive resolution of contractual matters, cost recoveries on severance and restructuring charges, insurance recoveries and gains on sales of assets. unfavorable items may include the adverse resolution of contractual matters; restructuring charges, except for significant severance actions, which are excluded from segment operating results; reserves for disputes; certain asset impairments; and losses on sales of certain assets.
as previously disclosed, we are responsible for a program to design, develop and construct a ground-based radar at our rms business segment. the program has experienced performance issues for which we have periodically accrued reserves. in 2020, we revised our estimated costs to complete the program and recorded charges of approximately $45 million ($34 million, or $0.12 per share, after-tax) at our rms business segment, which resulted in cumulative losses of approximately $250 million on this program as of december 31, 2020. we may continue to experience issues related to customer requirements and our performance under this contract and have to record additional charges. however, based on the losses previously recorded and our current estimate of the sales and costs to complete the program, at this time we do not anticipate that additional losses, if any, would be material to our operating results or financial condition.
as previously disclosed, we have a program, eadge-t, to design, integrate, and install an air missile defense command, control, communications, computers - intelligence (c4i) system for an international customer that has experienced performance issues and for which we have periodically accrued reserves at our rms business segment. as of december 31, 2020, cumulative losses remained at approximately $260 million. we continue to monitor program requirements and our performance. at this time, we do not anticipate additional charges that would be material to our operating results or financial condition.
as previously disclosed, we are responsible for designing, developing and installing an upgraded turret for the warrior capability sustainment program. as of december 31, 2020, cumulative losses remained at approximately $140 million on this program. we may continue to experience issues related to customer requirements and our performance under this contract and may have to record additional reserves. however, based on the losses already recorded and our current estimate of the sales and costs to complete the program, at this time we do not anticipate that additional losses, if any, would be material to our operating results or financial condition.
our consolidated net adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, increased segment operating profit by approximately $1.8 billion in 2020 and $1.9 billion in 2019. the consolidated net adjustments in 2020 compared to 2019 decreased primarily due to decreases in profit booking rate adjustments at space and mfc offset by an increase in aeronautics and rms. the consolidated net adjustments for 2020 are inclusive of approximately $745 million in unfavorable items, which include reserves for various programs at rms, government satellite programs at space and performance matters on a sensors and global sustainment international military program at mfc. the consolidated net adjustments for 2019 are inclusive of approximately $930 million in unfavorable items, which include reserves for various programs at rms, the f-16 program at aeronautics, performance matters on a sensors and global sustainment international military program at mfc and government satellite programs at space.
aeronautics our aeronautics business segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of advanced military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies. aeronautics' major programs include the f-35 lightning ii joint strike fighter, c‐130 hercules, f-16 fighting falcon and f-22 raptor. aeronautics' operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                        2,843                            2,521                            2,272
aeronautics' net sales in 2020 increased $2.6 billion, or 11% compared to 2019. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $1.8 billion for the f-35 program due to increased volume on sustainment, production, and development contracts; about $450 million for higher volume on classified development contracts; and about $300 million for the f-16 program due to increased volume on international production and sustainment contracts.
aeronautics' operating profit in 2020 increased $322 million, or 13%, compared to 2019. operating profit increased approximately $240 million for the f-35 program due to higher volume and risk retirements on development and sustainment contracts and higher volume on production contracts; about $70 million for the c-130 program due to higher risk retirements on sustainment contracts; and approximately $20 million for classified development contracts due to higher risk retirements. operating profit on the f-16 program was comparable as higher volume was offset by lower risk retirements.  adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments, were $90 million higher in 2020 compared to 2019.
backlog backlog increased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to higher orders on f-16 production and various classified activities.
trends we expect aeronautics' 2021 net sales to increase in the mid-single digit percentage range from 2020 levels driven by increased volume on f-35, f-16 and classified programs. operating profit is expected to increase in the mid-to-high single digit percentage range above 2020 levels. operating profit margin for 2021 is expected to be slightly higher than 2020 levels.
missiles and fire control our mfc business segment provides air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and air-to-ground precision strike weapon systems; logistics; fire control systems; mission operations support, readiness, engineering support and integration services; manned and unmanned ground vehicles; and energy management solutions. mfc's major programs include pac‐3, thaad, multiple launch rocket system (mlrs), hellfire, joint air-to-surface standoff missile (jassm), javelin, apache, sniper advanced targeting pod (sniper®), lantirn and special operations forces global logistics support services (sof glss). mfc's operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                        1,545                            1,441                            1,248
mfc's net sales in 2020 increased $1.1 billion, or 11%, compared to the same period in 2019. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $725 million for integrated air and missile defense programs due to increased volume (thaad and pac-3); and about $605 million for tactical and strike missile programs due to increased volume (primarily gmlrs, himars, jassm, and hypersonics). these increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately $80 million for sensors and global sustainment programs due to lower volume on the apache sensors program; and about $120 million as a result of the divestiture of the distributed energy solutions business.
mfc's operating profit in 2020 increased $104 million, or 7%, compared to 2019. operating profit increased approximately $90 million for tactical and strike missile programs due to higher volume (primarily jassm, hypersonics, gmlrs, and himars); and approximately $30 million for integrated air and missile defense programs due to increased volume (thaad and pac-3), which was partially offset by lower risk retirements (thaad and pac-3). these increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately $40 million for sensors and global sustainment programs primarily due to lower risk retirements and a reduction in the profit booking rate on the apache sensors program. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments, were $40 million lower in 2020 compared to 2019.
trends we expect mfc's 2021 net sales to increase in the mid-single digit percentage range from 2020 levels driven by higher volume in the integrated air and missile defense business, primarily pac-3. operating profit is also expected to increase in the mid-single digit percentage range above 2020 levels. operating profit margin for 2021 is expected to be slightly lower than 2020 levels.
rotary and mission systems rms designs, manufactures, services and supports various military and commercial helicopters, surface ships, sea and land-based missile defense systems, radar systems, sea and air-based mission and combat systems, command and control mission solutions, cyber solutions, and simulation and training solutions. rms' major programs include aegis combat system, littoral combat ship (lcs), multi-mission surface combatant (mmsc), black hawk® and seahawk® helicopters, ch-53k king stallion helicopter, combat rescue helicopter, vh-92a helicopter, and the c2bmc contract. rms' operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                        1,615                            1,421                            1,302
rms' net sales in 2020 increased $867 million, or 6%, compared to 2019. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $570 million for sikorsky helicopter programs due to higher volume on production contracts (primarily seahawk, vh-92a, crh, and ch-53k), which was partially offset by lower volume on black hawk production programs; about $175 million for iwss programs due to higher volume (primarily aegis); and approximately $165 million for c6isr programs due to higher volume (primarily undersea combat systems). these increases were partially offset by a $55 million decrease for various tls programs due to lower volume.
rms' operating profit in 2020 increased $194 million, or 14%, compared to 2019. operating profit increased approximately $90 million for tls programs due to $80 million in charges for an army sustainment program in 2019 not repeated in 2020; about $70 million for sikorsky helicopter programs primarily due to higher volume on production contracts (primarily vh-92a, seahawk, crh, and ch-53k); and about $35 million for iwss programs primarily due to higher volume and higher risk retirements on tpq-53 and advanced hawkeye and lower charges on a ground-based radar program. operating profit on c6isr programs was comparable as higher volume was offset by lower risk retirements. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments, were $15 million higher  in 2020 compared to 2019.
trends we expect rms' 2021 net sales to increase in the low-single digit percentage range from 2020 levels driven by higher volume on sikorsky helicopter programs and tls programs. operating profit is also expected to increase in the low-single digit percentage range above 2020 levels. operating profit margin for 2021 is expected to be in line with 2020 levels.
space our space business segment is engaged in the research and development, design, engineering and production of satellites, strategic and defensive missile systems and space transportation systems. space provides network-enabled situational awareness and integrates complex space and ground-based global systems to help our customers gather, analyze, and securely distribute critical intelligence data. space is also responsible for various classified systems and services in support of vital national security systems. space's major programs include the trident ii d5 fleet ballistic missile (fbm), awe program, orion multi-purpose crew vehicle (orion), space based infrared system (sbirs) and next generation overhead persistent infrared (next gen opir) system, global positioning system (gps) iii, advanced extremely high frequency (aehf), and hypersonics programs. operating profit for our space business segment includes our share of earnings for our investment in ula, which provides expendable launch services to the u.s. government. space's operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit                        1,149                            1,191                            1,055
space's net sales in 2020 increased $1.0 billion, or 9%, compared to 2019. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $525 million for government satellite programs due to higher volume (primarily next gen opir); and about $430 million for strategic and missile defense programs due to higher volume (primarily hypersonic development programs, inclusive of impacts due to the acquisition of i3's hypersonics portfolio in november 2020).
space's operating profit in 2020 decreased $42 million, or 4%, compared to 2019. operating profit decreased approximately $90 million for government satellite programs due to lower risk retirements on the various programs (primarily aehf) that were partially offset by higher risk retirements and volume on the next gen opir program. this decrease was partially offset by increases of $40 million for commercial satellite programs due to charges recorded for performance matters in 2019 not repeated in 2020. operating profit for strategic and missile defense programs was comparable as higher risk retirements and volume on hypersonic development programs were offset by lower risk retirements and volume on fleet ballistic missile programs. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments, were $100 million lower in 2020 compared to 2019.
equity earnings total equity earnings recognized by space (primarily ula) represented approximately $135 million and $145 million, or 12% of this business segment's operating profit during both 2020 and 2019.
backlog backlog decreased in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to higher sales on multi-year contracts awarded in prior years. additionally, backlog as of december 31, 2020 reflects a decrease due to the uk ministry of defense's intent to assume 100% ownership of the program on june 30, 2021.
trends we expect space's 2021 net sales to increase in the low-single digit percentage range from 2020 levels driven by higher volume on hypersonics programs and on government satellite programs (primarily next gen opir), partially offset by lower volume at awe due to the uk ministry of defense's intent to re-nationalize the program on june 30, 2021. operating profit is expected to decrease in the low-single digit percentage range from 2020 levels. operating profit margin for 2021 is expected to be lower than 2020 levels.
liquidity and cash flows as of december 31, 2020, we had a cash balance of $3.2 billion and no commercial paper borrowings outstanding under our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility (the credit facility), which is also available for borrowings in the event of a lack of short-term commercial paper availability. to date, the effects of covid-19 have not had a significant negative impact on our liquidity, cash flows or capital resources. actions taken by the u.s. government to increase the rate of progress payments had the effect of increasing our cash from operations, but we used all of this benefit to accelerate payments to our suppliers. the effects of covid-19 have, at times, led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which, depending on future developments, could impact our capital resources and liquidity in the future. the economic impacts of covid-19 have also caused volatility in the equity capital markets and investment return on our pension assets. changes in returns on plan assets may affect our plan funding, cash flows and stockholders' equity. differences between the actual plan asset return and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (7.00% as of december 31, 2020) impact the measurement of the following year's financial accounting standards (fas) pension expense and pension funding requirements.
cash received from customers, either from the payment of invoices for work performed or for advances from non-u.s. government customers in excess of costs incurred, is our primary source of cash. we generally do not begin work on contracts until funding is appropriated by the customer. however, we may determine to fund customer programs ourselves pending government appropriations. if we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on the contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of the excess costs.
billing timetables and payment terms on our contracts vary based on a number of factors, including the contract type. we generally bill and collect cash more frequently under cost-reimbursable contracts, which represented approximately 40% of the sales we recorded in 2020, as we are authorized to bill as the costs are incurred. a number of our fixed-price contracts may provide for performance-based payments, which allow us to bill and collect cash as we perform on the contract. the amount of performance-based payments and the related milestones are encompassed in the negotiation of each contract. the timing of such payments may differ from the timing of the costs incurred related to our contract performance, thereby affecting our cash flows.
the u.s. government has indicated that it would consider progress payments as the baseline for negotiating payment terms on fixed-price contracts, rather than performance-based payments. in contrast to negotiated performance-based payment terms, progress payment provisions correspond to a percentage of the amount of costs incurred during the performance of the contract. our cash flows may be affected if the u.s. government decides to withhold payments on our billings. while the impact of withholding payments delays the receipt of cash, the cumulative amount of cash collected during the life of the contract will not vary.
we have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. consistent with that strategy, we have continued to invest in our business, including capital expenditures, independent research and development, and selective business acquisitions and investments; returned cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases; and actively managed our debt levels and maturities, interest rates, and pension obligations.
we have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases and postretirement benefit plan contributions. our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives in september 2020. first, we increased our dividend rate in the fourth quarter by $0.20 to $2.60 per share. second, the board of directors approved a $1.3 billion increase to our share repurchase program. inclusive of this increase, the total remaining authorization for future common share repurchases under our program was $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2020.
we expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. we also have access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts. see our "capital structure, resources and other" section below for a discussion on financial resources available to us, including the issuance of commercial paper.
the majority of our capital expenditures for 2020 and those planned for 2021 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure and information technology. expenditures for equipment and facilities infrastructure are generally incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. for example, we have projects underway in our aeronautics business segment for facilities and equipment to support higher production of the f-35 combat aircraft, and we have projects underway to modernize certain of our facilities. we also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software.
we made discretionary contributions of $1.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in both 2020 and 2019 using cash on hand. we expect to make contributions of approximately $1.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2021.
the cares act, provides a deferral of payroll tax payments from which we benefited by deferring cash outlays of $460 million during 2020. this will have the effect of increasing cash outlays for payroll taxes during 2021 and 2022. the cares act, among other things, also contains numerous other provisions which may impact lockheed martin. we continue to review ongoing government guidance related to covid-19 that may be issued.
the following table provides a summary of our cash flow information followed by a discussion of the key elements (in millions):
operating activities net earnings                                                       6,833                   6,230                   5,046
changes in working capital                                           101                   (672)                 (1,401)
net cash provided by operating activities                          8,183                   7,311                   3,138
net cash used for investing activities                           (2,010)                 (1,241)                 (1,075)
net cash used for financing activities                           (4,527)                 (5,328)                 (4,152)
net change in cash and cash equivalents                            1,646                     742                 (2,089)
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $872 million in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to cash generated from working capital in 2020 compared to a use of cash in 2019, and the deferral of tax payments. the $773 million improvement in cash flows related to working capital (defined as receivables, contract assets, and inventories less accounts payable and contract liabilities) was primarily attributable to timing of cash payments for accounts payable (primarily aeronautics) and liquidation of inventories (primarily classified programs at aeronautics and sikorsky helicopter programs at rms), partially offset by timing of production and billing cycles affecting contract assets and contract liabilities (primarily the f-35 program at aeronautics). during 2020, we made net cash tax payments of approximately $1.4 billion compared to $940 million in 2019.
in addition, net cash provided by operating activities in 2020 included the receipt of approximately $1.2 billion of net accelerated progress payments due to the u.s. government's increase in the progress payment rate from 80% to 90%, and the deferral of $460 million for the employer portion of payroll taxes to 2021 and 2022 pursuant to the cares act. we used the accelerated progress payments from the u.s. government plus cash on hand to accelerate $2.1 billion of payments to our suppliers as of december 31, 2020 that are due by their terms in future periods.
investing activities net cash used for investing activities increased $769 million in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures and cash payments for various acquisitions, partially offset by net cash proceeds from various divestitures and acquisitions in 2019, and cash received for various other items, none of which were individually significant. capital expenditures totaled $1.8 billion in 2020 and $1.5 billion in 2019. the majority of our capital expenditures were for equipment and facilities infrastructure that generally are incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. we also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software.
financing activities net cash used for financing activities decreased $801 million in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to net repayments of $600 million for commercial paper in 2019 which did not recur in 2020, decreased repayments of long-term debt in 2020 and decreased repurchases of common stock, partially offset by higher dividend payments.
in october 2020, we repaid $500 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 2.50% due november 2020. in november 2019, we repaid $900 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.25% according to their scheduled maturities.
for additional information about our debt financing activities see the "capital structure, resources and other" discussion below and "note 11 - debt" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
we paid $1.1 billion to repurchase 3.0 million shares of our common stock during 2020, which includes the $500 million paid to repurchase 1.4 million shares pursuant to the accelerated share repurchase (asr) agreement entered into in 2020. we paid $1.2 billion to repurchase 3.5 million shares of our common stock during 2019. see "note 13 - stockholders' equity" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our repurchases of common stock.
capital structure, resources and other at december 31, 2020, we held cash and cash equivalents of $3.2 billion that was generally available to fund ordinary business operations without significant legal, regulatory, or other restrictions.
our outstanding debt, net of unamortized discounts and issuance costs, amounted to $12.2 billion at december 31, 2020 and mainly is in the form of publicly-issued notes that bear interest at fixed rates. as of december 31, 2020, we had $500 million of short-term borrowings due within one year, which are scheduled to mature in september 2021. as of december 31, 2019, we had $1.3 billion of short-term borrowings due within one year, which were scheduled to mature in november 2020. as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all covenants contained in our debt and credit agreements.
we actively seek to finance our business in a manner that preserves financial flexibility while minimizing borrowing costs to the extent practicable. we review changes in financial market and economic conditions to manage the types, amounts and maturities of our indebtedness. we may at times refinance existing indebtedness, vary our mix of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt or seek alternative financing sources for our cash and operational needs.
revolving credit facilities at december 31, 2020, we had a $2.5 billion revolving credit facility (the credit facility) with various banks that is available for general corporate purposes. effective august 24, 2019, we extended the expiration date of the credit facility from august 24, 2023 to august 24, 2024. the undrawn portion of the credit facility also serves as a backup facility for the issuance of commercial paper. the total amount outstanding at any point in time under the combination of our commercial paper program and the credit facility cannot exceed the amount of the credit facility. we may request and the banks may grant, at their discretion, an increase in the borrowing capacity under the credit facility of up to an additional $500 million. there were no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
borrowings under the credit facility are unsecured and bear interest at rates based, at our option, on a eurodollar rate or a base rate, as defined in the credit facility's agreement. each bank's obligation to make loans under the credit facility is subject to, among other things, our compliance with various representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants limiting our ability and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to encumber assets and a covenant not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the 5‐year credit facility agreement.
long-term debt in may 2020, we issued a total of $1.2 billion of senior unsecured notes, consisting of $400 million aggregate principal amount of 1.85% notes due in 2030 (the "2030 notes") and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.80% notes due in 2050 (the "2050 notes" and, together with the 2030 notes, the "notes"). interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 15 and december 15 of each year beginning on december 15, 2020. we may, at our option, redeem the notes of any series in whole or in part at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or an applicable "make-whole" amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption.
in june 2020, we used the net proceeds from the offering plus cash on hand to redeem $750 million of the outstanding $1.25 billion in aggregate principal amount of our 2.50% notes due in 2020, and $400 million of the outstanding $900 million in aggregate principal amount of our 3.35% notes due in 2021 at their redemption price. we have an effective shelf registration statement on form s-3 on file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission to provide for the issuance of an indeterminate amount of debt securities.
in october 2020, we repaid $500 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 2.50% due november 2020. in november 2019, we repaid $900 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.25% according to their scheduled maturities. in november 2018, we repaid $750 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 1.85% according to their scheduled maturities.
total equity our total equity was $6.0 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $2.9 billion from december 31, 2019. the increase was primarily attributable to net earnings of $6.8 billion, recognition of previously deferred postretirement benefit plan amounts of $440 million, and employee stock activity of $479 million (including the impacts of stock option exercises, issuances of shares under the employee stock ownership plan and stock-based compensation), partially offset by the annual december 31 re-measurement adjustment related to our postretirement benefit plans of $1.1 billion, dividends declared of $2.8 billion during the year, and the repurchase of 3.0 million common shares for $1.1 billion.
as we repurchase our common shares, we reduce common stock for the $1 of par value of the shares repurchased, with the excess purchase price over par value recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. if additional paid-in capital is reduced to zero, we record the remainder of the excess purchase price over par value as a reduction of retained earnings. during 2020, we repurchased $3.0 million of our common shares, which were recognized as a reduction to common stock for the par value with the excess purchase price recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital of $256 million and $841 million recorded as a reduction of retained earnings.
contractual commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2020, we had contractual commitments to repay debt, make payments under operating leases, settle obligations related to agreements to purchase goods and services and settle tax and other liabilities. financing lease obligations were not material. payments due under these obligations and commitments are as follows (in millions):
other liabilities                                      3,021                      280                        440                       367                     1,934
operating activities                                  50,728                   26,852                     19,735                     3,930                       211
capital expenditures                      818                                     562                        166                        35                        55
the table above excludes estimated minimum funding requirements for our qualified defined benefit pension plans. for additional information about our future minimum contributions for these plans, see "note 12 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements. amounts related to other liabilities represent the contractual obligations for certain long-term liabilities recorded as of december 31, 2020. such amounts mainly include expected payments under non-qualified pension plans, environmental liabilities and deferred compensation plans.
purchase obligations related to operating activities include agreements and contracts that give the supplier recourse to us for cancellation or nonperformance under the contract or contain terms that would subject us to liquidated damages. such agreements and contracts may, for example, be related to direct materials, obligations to subcontractors and outsourcing arrangements. total purchase obligations for operating activities in the preceding table include approximately $46.4 billion related to contractual commitments entered into as a result of contracts we have with our u.s. government customers. the u.s. government generally would be required to pay us for any costs we incur relative to these commitments if they were to terminate the related contracts "for convenience" under the far, subject to available funding. this also would be true in cases where we perform subcontract work for a prime contractor under a u.s. government contract. the termination for convenience language also may be included in contracts with foreign, state and local governments. we also have contracts with customers that do not include termination for convenience provisions, including contracts with commercial customers.
purchase obligations in the preceding table for capital expenditures generally include facilities infrastructure, equipment and information technology.
we also may enter into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, as a condition to obtaining orders for our products and services from certain customers in foreign countries. these agreements are designed to enhance the social and economic environment of the foreign country by requiring the contractor to promote investment in the country. offset agreements may be satisfied through activities that do not require us to use cash, including transferring technology, providing manufacturing and other consulting support to in-country projects and the purchase by third parties (e.g., our vendors) of supplies from in-country vendors. these agreements also may be satisfied through our use of cash for such activities as purchasing supplies from in-country vendors, providing financial support for in-country projects, establishment of joint ventures with local companies and building or leasing facilities for in-country operations. we typically do not commit to offset agreements until orders for our products or services are definitive. the amounts ultimately applied against our offset agreements are based on negotiations with the customer and typically require cash outlays that represent only a fraction of the original amount in the offset agreement. satisfaction of our offset obligations are included in the estimates of our total costs to complete the contract and may impact our sales, profitability and cash flows. our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. at december 31, 2020, the notional value of remaining obligations under our outstanding offset agreements totaled approximately $17.5 billion, which primarily relate to our aeronautics, mfc and rms business segments, most of which extend through 2049. to the extent we have entered into purchase or other obligations at december 31, 2020 that also satisfy offset agreements, those amounts are included in the preceding table. offset programs usually extend over several years and may provide for penalties, estimated at approximately $1.8 billion at december 31, 2020, in the event we fail to perform in accordance with offset requirements. while historically we have not been required to pay material penalties, resolution of offset requirements are often the result of negotiations and subjective judgments.
we have entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds issued on our behalf by financial institutions, and we have directly issued guarantees to third parties primarily relating to advances received from customers and the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts. letters of credit and surety bonds generally are available for draw down in the event we do not perform. in some cases, we may guarantee the contractual performance of third parties such as joint venture partners. at december 31, 2020, we had the following outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds and third-party guarantees (in millions):
commitment expiration by period total                     less than               years                      years                      after commitment                        1 year               2 and 3                    4 and 5                    5 years standby letters of credit (a)                   $2,136                        $1,090                     $559                       $441                       $46
total commitments                               $3,364                        $2,052                     $563                       $661                       $88
(a)approximately $859 million of standby letters of credit in the "less than 1 year" category, $219 million in the "years 2 and 3" category and $264 million in the "years 4 and 5" category are expected to renew for additional periods until completion of the contractual obligation.
at december 31, 2020, third-party guarantees totaled $871 million, of which approximately 71% related to guarantees of contractual performance of joint ventures to which we currently are or previously were a party. these amounts represent our estimate of the maximum amounts we would expect to incur upon the contractual non-performance of the joint venture, joint venture partners or divested businesses. generally, we also have cross-indemnities in place that may enable us to recover amounts that may be paid on behalf of a joint venture partner.
in determining our exposures, we evaluate the reputation, performance on contractual obligations, technical capabilities and credit quality of our current and former joint venture partners and the transferee under novation agreements all of which include a guarantee as required by the far. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no material amounts recorded in our financial statements related to third-party guarantees or novation agreements.
critical accounting policies contract accounting / sales recognition the majority of our net sales are generated from long-term contracts with the u.s. government and international customers (including fms contracted through the u.s. government) for the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. we account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. for certain contracts that meet the foregoing requirements, primarily international direct commercial sale contracts, we are required to obtain certain regulatory approvals. in these cases, we recognize revenue when it is probable that we will receive regulatory approvals based upon all known facts and circumstances. we provide our products and services under fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts.
under fixed-price contracts, we agree to perform the specified work for a pre-determined price. to the extent our actual costs vary from the estimates upon which the price was negotiated, we will generate more or less profit or could incur a loss. some fixed-price contracts have a performance-based component under which we may earn incentive payments or incur financial penalties based on our performance.
cost-reimbursable contracts provide for the payment of allowable costs incurred during performance of the contract plus a fee up to a ceiling based on the amount that has been funded. typically, we enter into three types of cost-reimbursable contracts: cost-plus-award-fee, cost-plus-incentive-fee, and cost-plus-fixed-fee. cost-plus-award-fee contracts provide for an award fee that varies within specified limits based on the customer's assessment of our performance against a predetermined set of criteria, such as targets based on cost, quality, technical and schedule criteria. cost-plus-incentive-fee contracts provide for reimbursement of costs plus a fee, which is adjusted by a formula based on the relationship of total allowable costs to total target costs (i.e., incentive based on cost) or reimbursement of costs plus an incentive to exceed stated performance targets (i.e., incentive based on performance). the fixed-fee in a cost-plus-fixed-fee contract is negotiated at the inception of the contract and that fixed-fee does not vary with actual costs.
we assess each contract at its inception to determine whether it should be combined with other contracts. when making this determination, we consider factors such as whether two or more contracts were negotiated and executed at or near the same time or were negotiated with an overall profit objective. if combined, we treat the combined contracts as a single contract for revenue recognition purposes.
we evaluate the products or services promised in each contract at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. the products and services in our contracts are typically not distinct from one another due to their complex relationships and the significant contract management functions required to perform under the contract. accordingly, our contracts are typically accounted for as one performance obligation. in limited cases, our contracts have more than one distinct performance obligation, which occurs when we perform activities that are not highly complex or interrelated or involve different product lifecycles. significant judgment is required in determining performance obligations, and these decisions could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded in a given period. we classify net sales as products or services on our consolidated statements of earnings based on the predominant attributes of the performance obligations.
we determine the transaction price for each contract based on the consideration we expect to receive for the products or services being provided under the contract. for contracts where a portion of the price may vary, we estimate variable consideration at the most likely amount, which is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. we analyze the risk of a significant revenue reversal and if necessary constrain the amount of variable consideration recognized in order to mitigate this risk.
at the inception of a contract we estimate the transaction price based on our current rights and do not contemplate future modifications (including unexercised options) or follow-on contracts until they become legally enforceable. contracts are often subsequently modified to include changes in specifications, requirements or price, which may create new or change existing enforceable rights and obligations. depending on the nature of the modification, we consider whether to account for the modification as an adjustment to the existing contract or as a separate contract. generally, modifications to our contracts are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration and interrelated tasks provided in the context of the contract. therefore, such modifications are accounted for as if they were part of the existing contract and recognized as a cumulative adjustment to revenue.
for contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated standalone selling price of the product or service underlying each performance obligation. the standalone selling price represents the amount we would sell the product or service to a customer on a standalone basis (i.e., not bundled with any other products or services). our contracts with the u.s. government, including fms contracts, are subject to far and the price is typically based on estimated or actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. as a result of these regulations, the standalone selling price of products or services in our contracts with the u.s. government and fms contracts are typically equal to the selling price stated in the contract.
for non-u.s. government contracts with multiple performance obligations, we evaluate whether the stated selling prices for the products or services represent their standalone selling prices. we primarily sell customized solutions unique to a customer's specifications. when it is necessary to allocate the transaction price to multiple performance obligations, we typically use the expected cost plus a reasonable profit margin to estimate the standalone selling price of each product or service. we occasionally sell standard products or services with observable standalone sales transactions. in these situations, the observable standalone sales transactions are used to determine the standalone selling price.
we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. in determining when performance obligations are satisfied, we consider factors such as contract terms, payment terms and whether there is an alternative future use of the product or service. substantially all of our revenue is recognized over time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. for most contracts with the u.s. government and fms contracts, this continuous transfer of control of the work in process to the customer is supported by clauses in the contract that give the customer ownership of work in process and allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience and pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit. for most non-u.s. government contracts, primarily international direct commercial contracts, continuous transfer of control to our customer is supported because we deliver products that do not have an alternative use to us and if our customer were to terminate the contract for reasons other than our non-performance we would have the right to recover damages which would include, among other potential damages, the right to payment for our work performed to date plus a reasonable profit.
for performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation(s). for performance obligations to provide services to the customer, revenue is recognized over time based on costs incurred or the right to invoice method (in situations where the value transferred matches our billing rights) as our customer receives and consumes the benefits.
for performance obligations in which control does not continuously transfer to the customer, we recognize revenue at the point in time in which each performance obligation is fully satisfied. this coincides with the point in time the customer obtains control of the product or service, which typically occurs upon customer acceptance or receipt of the product or service, given that we maintain control of the product or service until that point.
significant estimates and assumptions are made in estimating contract sales and costs, including the profit booking rate. at the outset of a long-term contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract, as well as variable consideration, and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of sales and total costs to complete the contract. the estimates consider the technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product), the schedule and associated tasks (e.g., the number and type of milestone events) and costs (e.g., material, labor, subcontractor, overhead, general and administrative and the estimated costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset or localization agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers). the initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract, which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract or may increase the variable consideration we expect to receive on the contract. conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase or our estimates of variable consideration we expect to receive decrease. all of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate. when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the transaction price, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and is recorded in the period in which the loss is determined.
comparability of our segment sales, operating profit and operating margin may be impacted favorably or unfavorably by changes in profit booking rates on our contracts for which we recognize revenue over time using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method to measure progress towards completion. increases in the profit booking rates, typically referred to as risk retirements, usually relate to revisions in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations that reflect improved conditions on a particular contract. conversely, conditions on a particular contract may deteriorate, resulting in an increase in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations and a reduction in the profit booking rate. increases or decreases in profit booking rates are recognized in the current period and reflect the inception-to-date effect of such changes. segment operating profit and margin may also be impacted favorably or unfavorably by other items, which may or may not impact sales. favorable items may include the positive resolution of contractual matters, cost recoveries on severance and restructuring charges, insurance recoveries and gains on sales of assets. unfavorable items may include the adverse resolution of contractual matters; restructuring charges, except for significant severance actions, which are excluded from segment operating results; reserves for disputes; certain asset impairments; and losses on sales of certain assets.
other contract accounting considerations the majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to produce products or perform services under contracts with the u.s. government. cost-based pricing is determined under the far. the far provides guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for goods and services under u.s. government contracts. for example, costs such as those related to charitable contributions, interest expense and certain advertising and public relations activities are unallowable and, therefore, not recoverable through sales. in addition, we may enter into advance agreements with the u.s. government that address the subjects of allowability and allocability of costs to contracts for specific matters. for example, most of the environmental costs we incur for environmental remediation related to sites operated in prior years are allocated to our current operations as general and administrative costs under far provisions and supporting advance agreements reached with the u.s. government.
we closely monitor compliance with and the consistent application of our critical accounting policies related to contract accounting. costs incurred and allocated to contracts are reviewed for compliance with u.s. government regulations by our personnel and are subject to audit by the defense contract audit agency.
postretirement benefit plans overview many of our employees and retirees participate in qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans, retiree medical and life insurance plans and other postemployment plans (collectively, postretirement benefit plans - see "note 12 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements). the majority of our accrued benefit obligations relate to our qualified defined benefit pension plans and retiree medical and life insurance plans. we recognize on a plan-by-plan basis the net funded status of these postretirement benefit plans under gaap as either an asset or a liability on our consolidated balance sheets. the gaap funded status represents the difference between the fair value of each plan's assets and the benefit obligation of the plan. the gaap benefit obligation represents the present value of the estimated future benefits we currently expect to pay to plan participants based on past service.
we completed the final step of the previously announced planned freeze of our qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans for salaried employees effective january 1, 2020. the freeze took effect in two stages. effective january 1, 2016, the pay-based component of the formula used to determine retirement benefits was frozen. effective january 1, 2020, the service-based component of the formula was frozen. as a result of these changes, the qualified defined benefit pension plans for salaried employees are fully frozen effective january 1, 2020. with the freeze complete, the majority of our salaried employees participate in an enhanced defined contribution retirement savings plan.
similar to recent years, we continue to take actions to mitigate the effect of our defined benefit pension plans on our financial results by reducing the volatility of our pension obligations, including entering into additional transactions involving the purchase of group annuity contracts for portions of our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations using assets from the pension trust. during december 2020, lockheed martin, through its master retirement trust, purchased an irrevocable group annuity contract from an insurance company (referred to as a buy-out contract) for $1.4 billion to transfer the related, outstanding defined benefit pension obligations. as a result of this transaction, we were relieved of all responsibility for these pension obligations and the insurance company is now required to pay and administer the retirement benefits owed to approximately 13,500 u.s. retirees and beneficiaries, with no change to the amount, timing or form of monthly retirement benefit payments. although the transaction was treated as a settlement for accounting purposes, we did not recognize a loss on the settlement in earnings associated with the transaction because total settlements during 2020 for the affected pension plans were less than the plans' service and interest cost in 2020.
a second contract was also purchased from an insurance company for $793 million that will reimburse the plan for all future benefit payments related to approximately 2,500 u.s. retirees and beneficiaries (referred to as a buy-in contract). the covered retirees and beneficiaries and buy-in contract were spun-off to the plan established in december 2018 for the contract purchased at that time similarly structured as a buy-in; the buy-in contracts are the sole assets of that plan. under the arrangement, the plan remains responsible for paying the benefits for the covered retirees and beneficiaries and the insurance company will reimburse the plan as those benefits are paid. as a result, there is no net ongoing cash flow to the plan for the covered retirees and beneficiaries as the cost of providing the benefits is funded by the buy-in contract; effectively locking in the cost of the benefits and eliminating future volatility of the benefit obligation, while also providing the option to convert to a buy-out. the buy-in contract was purchased using assets from the pension trust and is accounted for at fair value as an investment of the trust. these transactions had no impact on our 2020 fas pension expense or cas pension cost.
since december 2018, lockheed martin, through its master retirement trust, has purchased total contracts (both buy-in and buy-out) for approximately $6.7 billion related to our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations eliminating pension plan volatility for approximately 77,000 retirees and beneficiaries and annually required pension benefit guarantee corporation (pbgc) premiums of approximately $55 million per year.
we expect to continue to look for opportunities to manage our pension liabilities through additional buy-out (and buy-in) contracts in future years. future transactions could result in a non-cash settlement charge to earnings, which could be material to a reporting period.
notwithstanding these actions, the impact of our postretirement benefit plans on our earnings may be volatile in that the amount of expense we record and the funded status for our postretirement benefit plans may materially change from year to year because the calculations are sensitive to funding levels as well as changes in several key economic assumptions, including interest rates, actual rates of return on plan assets and other actuarial assumptions including participant longevity and employee turnover, as well as the timing of cash funding.
actuarial assumptions the plan assets and benefit obligations are measured at the end of each year or more frequently, upon the occurrence of certain events such as a significant plan amendment, settlement or curtailment. the amounts we record are measured using actuarial valuations, which are dependent upon key assumptions such as discount rates, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, participant longevity, employee turnover and the health care cost trend rates for our retiree medical plans. the assumptions we make affect both the calculation of the benefit obligations as of the measurement date and the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in subsequent periods. when reassessing these assumptions, we consider past and current market conditions and make judgments about future market trends. we also consider factors such as the timing and amounts of expected contributions to the plans and benefit payments to plan participants.
we continue to use a single weighted average discount rate approach when calculating our consolidated benefit obligations related to our defined benefit pension plans resulting in 2.50% at december 31, 2020, compared to 3.25% at december 31, 2019. we utilized a single weighted average discount rate of 2.375% when calculating our benefit obligations related to our retiree medical and life insurance plans at december 31, 2020, compared to 3.25% at december 31, 2019. we evaluate several data points in order to arrive at an appropriate single weighted average discount rate, including results from cash flow models, quoted rates from long-term bond indices and changes in long-term bond rates over the past year. as part of our evaluation, we calculate the approximate average yields on corporate bonds rated aa or better selected to match our projected postretirement benefit plan cash flows. the decrease in the discount rate from december 31, 2019 to december 31, 2020 resulted in an increase in the projected benefit obligations of our qualified defined benefit pension plans of approximately $4.9 billion at december 31, 2020.
we utilized an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.00% at both december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019. the long-term rate of return assumption represents the expected long-term rate of return on the funds invested or to be invested, to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligations. this assumption is based on several factors including historical market index returns, the anticipated long-term allocation of plan assets, the historical return data for the trust funds, plan expenses and the potential to outperform market index returns. the difference between the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption we select and the actual return on plan assets in any given year affects both the funded status of our benefit plans and the calculation of fas pension expense in subsequent periods. although the actual return in any specific year likely will differ from the assumption, the average expected return over a long-term future horizon should be approximately equal to the assumption. any variance each year should not, by itself, suggest that the assumption should be changed. patterns of variances are reviewed over time, and then combined with expectations for the future. as a result, changes in this assumption are less frequent than changes in the discount rate. the actual investment return for our qualified defined benefit plans during 2020 of $5.6 billion based on an actual rate of approximately 16.5% improved plan assets more than the $2.3 billion expected return based on our 7.00% long-term rate of return assumption.
in october 2020, the society of actuaries published revised longevity assumptions that refined its prior studies. we used the revised assumptions in our december 31, 2020 re-measurement of benefit obligation resulting in an approximate $426 million decrease in the projected benefit obligations of our qualified defined benefit pension plans.
our stockholders' equity has been reduced cumulatively by $16.2 billion from the annual year-end measurements of the funded status of postretirement benefit plans. the cumulative non-cash, after-tax reduction primarily represents net actuarial losses resulting from declines in discount rates, investment losses and updated longevity. a market-related value of our plan assets, determined using actual asset gains or losses over the prior three-year period, is used to calculate the amount of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. these cumulative actuarial losses will be amortized to expense using the corridor method, where gains and losses are recognized to the extent they exceed 10% of the greater of plan assets or benefit obligations, over an average period of approximately twenty years as of december 31, 2020. this amortization period extended in 2020 due to the freeze of our salaried pension plans to use the average remaining life expectancy of the participants instead of average future service. during 2020, $440 million of these amounts were recognized as a component of postretirement benefit plans expense.
the discount rate and long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions we select at the end of each year are based on our best estimates and judgment. a change of plus or minus 25 basis points in the 2.50% discount rate assumption at december 31, 2020, with all other assumptions held constant, would have decreased or increased the amount of the qualified pension benefit obligation we recorded at the end of 2020 by approximately $1.6 billion, which would result in an after-tax increase or decrease in stockholders' equity at the end of the year of approximately $1.3 billion. if the 2.50% discount rate at december 31, 2020 that was used to compute the expected 2021 fas pension expense for our qualified defined benefit pension plans had been 25 basis points higher or lower, with all other assumptions held constant, the amount of fas pension expense projected for 2021 would be lower or higher by approximately $15 million. the impact of changes in the discount rate on fas pension expense is significantly less than in years prior to the freeze of our salaried pension plans effective january 1, 2020 due to the resulting service cost reduction and extended loss amortization period discussed above. if the 7.00% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption at december 31, 2020 that was used to compute the expected 2021 fas pension expense for our qualified defined benefit pension plans had been 25 basis points higher or lower, with all other assumptions held constant, the amount of fas pension expense projected for 2021 would be lower or higher by approximately $80 million. each year, differences between the actual plan asset return and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets impacts the measurement of the following year's fas expense. every 100 basis points difference in return during 2020 between our actual rate of return of approximately 16.5% and our expected long-term rate of return of 7.00% impacted 2021 expected fas pension expense by approximately $15 million.
funding considerations we made contributions of $1.0 billion in both 2020 and 2019 to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. funding of our qualified defined benefit pension plans is determined in a manner consistent with cas and in accordance with the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa), as amended by the pension protection act of 2006 (ppa). our goal has been to fund the pension plans to a level of at least 80%, as determined under the ppa. the erisa funded status of our qualified defined benefit pension plans was approximately 86% and 83% as of december 31, 2020 and 2019; which is calculated on a different basis than under gaap.
contributions to our defined benefit pension plans are recovered over time through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts, including fms, and are recognized in our cost of sales and net sales. cas govern the extent to which our pension costs are allocable to and recoverable under contracts with the u.s. government, including fms. pension cost recoveries under cas occur in different periods from when pension contributions are made under the ppa. the cas rules fully transitioned in 2017 to better align the recovery of pension costs with the minimum funding requirements of the ppa (referred to as cas harmonization).
we recovered $2.0 billion in 2020 and $2.6 billion in 2019 as cas pension costs. amounts contributed in excess of the cas pension costs recovered under u.s. government contracts are considered to be prepayment credits under the cas rules. our prepayment credits were approximately $8.3 billion and $8.5 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the prepayment credit balance will increase or decrease based on our actual investment return on plan assets.
trends we plan to make discretionary contributions of approximately $1.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2021. we anticipate recovering approximately $2.1 billion of cas pension cost in 2021 allowing us to recoup a portion of our cas prepayment credits.
we project fas pension income of $265 million in 2021, compared to fas pension income of $118 million in 2020, and a net 2021 fas/cas pension benefit of $2.3 billion compared to $2.1 billion in 2020.
environmental matters we are a party to various agreements, proceedings and potential proceedings for environmental remediation issues, including matters at various sites where we have been designated a potentially responsible party (prp). at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the total amount of liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet for environmental matters was $789 million and $810 million. we have recorded assets totaling $685 million and $703 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019 for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery in pricing of our products and services for agencies of the u.s. government, as discussed below. the amount that is expected to be allocated to our non-u.s. government contracts or that is determined to not be recoverable under u.s. government contracts is expensed through cost of sales. we project costs and recovery of costs over approximately 20 years.
we enter into agreements (e.g., administrative consent orders, consent decrees) that document the extent and timing of some of our environmental remediation obligations. we also are involved in environmental remediation activities at sites where formal agreements either do not exist or do not quantify the extent and timing of our obligations. environmental remediation activities usually span many years, which makes estimating the costs more judgmental due to, for example, changing remediation technologies. to determine the costs related to clean up sites, we have to assess the extent of contamination, effects on natural resources, the appropriate technology to be used to accomplish the remediation, and evolving environmental standards.
we perform quarterly reviews of environmental remediation sites and record liabilities and receivables in the period it becomes probable that the liabilities have been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated (see the discussion under "environmental matters" in "note 1 - significant accounting policies" and "note 15 - legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements). we consider the above factors in our quarterly estimates of the timing and amount of any future costs that may be required for environmental remediation activities, which result in the calculation of a range of estimates for each particular environmental remediation site. we do not discount the recorded liabilities, as the amount and timing of future cash payments are not fixed or cannot be reliably determined. given the required level of judgment and estimation, it is likely that materially different amounts could be recorded if different assumptions were used or if circumstances were to change (e.g., a change in environmental standards or a change in our estimate of the extent of contamination).
under agreements reached with the u.s. government, most of the amounts we spend for environmental remediation are allocated to our operations as general and administrative costs. under existing u.s. government regulations, these and other environmental expenditures relating to our u.s. government business, after deducting any recoveries received from insurance or other prps, are allowable in establishing prices of our products and services. as a result, most of the expenditures we incur are included in our net sales and cost of sales according to u.s. government agreement or regulation, regardless of the contract form (e.g. cost-reimbursable, fixed-price). we continually evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery by assessing, among other factors, u.s. government regulations, our u.s. government business base and contract mix, our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs, and efforts by some u.s. government representatives to limit such reimbursement.
in addition to the proceedings and potential proceedings discussed above, the california state water resources control board, a branch of the california environmental protection agency, has indicated it will work to re-establish a maximum level of the contaminant hexavalent chromium in drinking water after a prior standard of 10 parts per billion (ppb) was challenged and withdrawn, and is also reevaluating its existing drinking water standard of 6 ppb for perchlorate. the u.s. environmental protection agency decided in june 2020 not to regulate perchlorate in drinking water at the federal level, although this decision has been challenged, and is considering whether to regulate hexavalent chromium.
if substantially lower standards are adopted for perchlorate (in california) or for hexavalent chromium (in california or at the federal level), we expect a material increase in our estimates for environmental liabilities and the related assets for the portion of the increased costs that are probable of future recovery in the pricing of our products and services for the u.s. government. the amount that would be allocable to our non-u.s. government contracts or that is determined not to be recoverable under u.s. government contracts would be expensed, which may have a material effect on our earnings in any particular interim reporting period.
we also are evaluating the potential impact of existing and contemplated legal requirements addressing a class of compounds known generally as per- and polyfluoroalkyl compounds (pfas). pfas compounds have been used ubiquitously, such as in fire-fighting foams, manufacturing processes, and stain- and stick-resistant products (e.g., teflon, stain-resistant fabrics). because we have used products and processes over the years containing some of those compounds, they likely exist as contaminants at many of our environmental remediation sites. governmental authorities have announced plans, and in some instances have begun, to regulate certain of these compounds at extremely low concentrations in drinking water, which could lead to increased cleanup costs at many of our environmental remediation sites.
as disclosed above, we may record changes in the amount of environmental remediation liabilities as a result of our quarterly reviews of the status of our environmental remediation sites, which would result in a change to the corresponding amount that is probable of future recovery and a charge to earnings. for example, if we were to determine that the liabilities should be increased by $100 million, the corresponding amount that is probable of future recovery would be increased by approximately $87 million, with the remainder recorded as a charge to earnings. this allocation is determined annually, based upon our existing and projected business activities with the u.s. government.
we cannot reasonably determine the extent of our financial exposure at all environmental remediation sites with which we are involved. there are a number of former operating facilities we are monitoring or investigating for potential future environmental remediation. in some cases, although a loss may be probable, it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the amount of any obligation for remediation activities because of uncertainties (e.g., assessing the extent of the contamination). during any particular quarter, such uncertainties may be resolved, allowing us to estimate and recognize the initial liability to remediate a particular former operating site. the amount of the liability could be material. upon recognition of the liability, a portion will be recognized as a receivable with the remainder charged to earnings, which may have a material effect in any particular interim reporting period.
if we are ultimately found to have liability at those sites where we have been designated a prp, we expect that the actual costs of environmental remediation will be shared with other liable prps. generally, prps that are ultimately determined to be responsible parties are strictly liable for site remediation and usually agree among themselves to share, on an allocated basis, the costs and expenses for environmental investigation and remediation. under existing environmental laws, responsible parties are jointly and severally liable and, therefore, we are potentially liable for the full cost of funding such remediation. in the unlikely event that we were required to fund the entire cost of such remediation, the statutory framework provides that we may pursue rights of cost recovery or contribution from the other prps. the amounts we record do not reflect the fact that we may recover some of the environmental costs we have incurred through insurance or from other prps, which we are required to pursue by agreement and u.s. government regulation.
goodwill and intangible assets the assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are recorded under the acquisition method of accounting at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. intangible assets from acquired businesses are recognized at fair value on the acquisition date and consist of customer programs, trademarks, customer relationships, technology and other intangible assets. customer programs include values assigned to major programs of acquired businesses and represent the aggregate value associated with the customer relationships, contracts, technology and trademarks underlying the associated program and are amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of expected cash flows used to measure fair value, which ranges from nine to 20 years.
our goodwill balance was $10.8 billion at december 31, 2020 and $10.6 billion at december 31, 2019. we perform an impairment test of our goodwill at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. such events or changes in circumstances may include a significant deterioration in overall economic conditions, changes in the business climate of our industry, a decline in our market capitalization, operating performance indicators, competition, reorganizations of our business, u.s. government budget restrictions or the disposal of all or a portion of a reporting unit. our goodwill has been allocated to and is tested for impairment at a level referred to as the reporting unit, which is our business segment level or a level below the business segment. the level at which we test goodwill for impairment requires us to determine whether the operations below the business segment constitute a self-sustaining business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results.
we may use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. for selected reporting units where we use the qualitative approach, we perform a qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances impacting the reporting unit to determine the likelihood of goodwill impairment. based on that qualitative evaluation, if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further evaluation is necessary. otherwise we perform a quantitative impairment test. we perform quantitative tests for most reporting units at least once every three years. however, for certain reporting units we may perform a quantitative impairment test every year.
to perform the quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. if the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. we generally estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of a discounted cash flow (dcf) analysis and market-based valuation methodologies such as comparable public company trading values and values observed in recent business acquisitions. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings multiples and relevant transaction multiples. the cash flows employed in the dcf analysis are based on our best estimate of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering factors such as general market conditions, u.s. government budgets, existing firm orders, expected future orders, contracts with suppliers, labor agreements, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance. the discount rates utilized in the dcf analysis are based on the respective reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, which takes into account the relative weights of each component of capital structure (equity and debt) and represents the expected cost of new capital, adjusted as appropriate to consider the risk inherent in future cash flows of the respective reporting unit. the carrying value of each reporting unit includes the assets and liabilities employed in its operations, goodwill and allocations of amounts held at the business segment and corporate levels.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test for each of our reporting units. the results of that test indicated that for each of our reporting units no impairment existed. as of the date of our annual impairment test, the fair value of our sikorsky reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, which included goodwill of $2.7 billion, by a margin of approximately 30%. the fair value of our sikorsky reporting unit can be significantly impacted by changes in expected future orders, general market pressures, including u.s. government budgetary constraints, discount rates, long term growth rates, and changes in u.s. (federal or state) or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, along with other significant judgments. based on our assessment of these circumstances, we have determined that goodwill at our sikorsky reporting unit is at risk for impairment should there be a deterioration of projected cash flows of the reporting unit.
impairment assessments inherently involve management judgments regarding a number of assumptions such as those described above. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a reporting unit's fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill, differences in assumptions could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units and could result in a goodwill impairment charge in a future period.
acquired intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized, but are subject to annual impairment testing. this testing compares carrying value to fair value and, when appropriate, the carrying value of these assets is reduced to fair value. in the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed our annual impairment test, and the results of that test indicated no impairment existed. finite-lived intangibles are amortized to expense over the applicable useful lives, ranging from three to 20 years, based on the nature of the asset and the underlying pattern of economic benefit as reflected by future net cash inflows. we perform an impairment test of finite-lived intangibles whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may be impaired. if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of a finite-lived intangible may be impaired, the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset group would be compared to the asset group's carrying value. if the asset group's carrying amount exceed the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows, we would determine the fair value of the asset group and record an impairment loss in net earnings.
recent accounting pronouncements see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements (under the caption "recent accounting pronouncements").
item  7a.    quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk we maintain active relationships with a broad and diverse group of u.s. and international financial institutions. we believe that they provide us with sufficient access to the general and trade credit we require to conduct our business. we continue to closely monitor the financial market environment and actively manage counterparty exposure to minimize the potential impact from adverse developments with any single credit provider while ensuring availability of, and access to, sufficient credit resources.
our main exposure to market risk relates to interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and market prices on certain equity securities. our financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk principally include fixed-rate long-term debt and commercial paper, if issued. the estimated fair value of our outstanding debt was $16.9 billion at december 31, 2020 and the outstanding principal amount was $13.3 billion, excluding unamortized discounts and issuance costs of $1.1 billion. a 10% change in the level of interest rates would not have a material impact on the fair value of our outstanding debt at december 31, 2020.
we use derivative instruments principally to reduce our exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. we do not enter into or hold derivative instruments for speculative trading purposes. we transact business globally and are subject to risks associated with changing foreign currency exchange rates. we enter into foreign currency hedges such as forward and option contracts that change in value as foreign currency exchange rates change. our most significant foreign currency exposures relate to the british pound sterling, the euro, the canadian dollar and the australian dollar. these contracts hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions in order to mitigate fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. as a result, we do not have material foreign currency transaction exposure, including exposure to the pound sterling or euro should there be material foreign currency fluctuations due to the united kingdom departing from the european union (commonly referred to as brexit). we designate foreign currency hedges as cash flow hedges. we also are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes primarily through our borrowing activities. for fixed rate borrowings, we may use variable interest rate swaps, effectively converting fixed rate borrowings to variable rate borrowings in order to hedge changes in the fair value of the debt. these swaps are designated as fair value hedges. for variable rate borrowings, we may use fixed interest rate swaps, effectively converting variable rate borrowings to fixed rate borrowings in order to mitigate the impact of interest rate changes on earnings. these swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. we also may enter into derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting, which are intended to mitigate certain economic exposures.
the classification of gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair values of derivatives is dependent on our intended use of the derivative and its resulting designation. adjustments to reflect changes in fair values of derivatives attributable to highly effective hedges are either reflected in earnings and largely offset by corresponding adjustments to the hedged items or reflected net of income taxes in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. changes in the fair value of the derivatives that are not highly effective, if any, are immediately recognized in earnings. the aggregate notional amount of our outstanding interest rate swaps at december 31, 2020 and 2019 was $572 million and $750 million. the aggregate notional amount of our outstanding foreign currency hedges at december 31, 2020 and 2019 was $3.4 billion and $3.8 billion. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the net fair value of our derivative instruments was not material (see "note 17 - fair value measurements" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements). a 10% unfavorable exchange rate movement of our foreign currency contracts would not have a material impact on the aggregate net fair value of such contracts or our consolidated financial statements. additionally, as we enter into foreign currency contracts to hedge foreign currency exposure on underlying transactions we believe that any movement on our foreign currency contracts would be offset by movement on the underlying transactions and, therefore, when taken together do not create material risk.
we evaluate the credit quality of potential counterparties to derivative transactions and only enter into agreements with those deemed to have acceptable credit risk at the time the agreements are executed. our foreign currency exchange hedge portfolio is diversified across several banks. we periodically monitor changes to counterparty credit quality as well as our concentration of credit exposure to individual counterparties. we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
we maintain a separate trust that includes investments to fund certain of our non-qualified deferred compensation plans. as of december 31, 2020, investments in the trust totaled $2.0 billion and are reflected at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet in other noncurrent assets. the trust holds investments in marketable equity securities and fixed-income securities that are exposed to price changes and changes in interest rates. a portion of the liabilities associated with the deferred compensation plans supported by the trust is also impacted by changes in the market price of our common stock and certain market indices. changes in the value of the liabilities have the effect of partially offsetting the impact of changes in the value of the trust. both the change in the fair value of the trust and the change in the value of the liabilities are recognized on our consolidated statements of earnings in other unallocated, net and were not material for the year ended december 31, 2020.