item 1a. risk factors our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. the risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and stock price. the following information should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make with the sec. these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. our business could also be affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business.
if demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially adversely affected.
demand for the products we sell may be affected by a number of factors we cannot control, including:
•   the number of older vehicles in service. vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles.

•                                                      rising energy prices. increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay for gasoline and other energy costs and may drive their vehicles less, resulting in less wear and tear and lower demand for repairs and maintenance.

•                                                                      the economy. in periods of declining economic conditions, consumers may reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair. additionally, such conditions may affect our customers’ ability to obtain credit. during periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our diy customers may pay others to repair and maintain their vehicles instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles.

•                                                                  the weather. milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts.

•   technological advances. advances in automotive technology, such as electric vehicles, and parts design can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer.

•   the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. mileage levels may be affected by gas prices, ride sharing and other factors.

•   the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles.

•                   restrictions on access to telematics and diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation. these restrictions may cause vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs.

these factors could result in a decline in the demand for our products, which could adversely affect our business and overall financial condition.
if we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.
the sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive, and sales volumes are dependent on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and price. competitors are opening locations near our existing locations. autozone competes as a provider in both the diy and difm auto parts and accessories markets.
12
our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and maintenance parts. although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our autozoners; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our autozone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some of our competitors may gain competitive advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources allowing them to sell automotive products at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. online and multi-channel retailers often focus on delivery services, offering customers faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. some online businesses have lower operating costs than we do. in addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service to complement the products we offer, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors, which also puts pressure on our margins.
consumers are embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. with the increasing use of digital tools and social media, and our competitors’ increased focus on optimizing customers’ online experience, our customers are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment and feedback from other customers before purchasing our products either online, in the physical stores or through a combination of both offerings. we believe that we compete effectively on the basis of merchandise availability as a result of investments in inventory available for immediate sale, the development of a robust hub and mega hub distribution network providing efficient access to obtain products required on-demand, options to order products online or by telephone and pick them up in stores and options for special orders directly from our vendors. we also offer hassle-free returns to our customers. in addition, we believe that customers value the personal interaction with a salesperson that is qualified to offer trustworthy advice and provide other free services such as parts testing.
we also utilize promotions, advertising and our loyalty programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive marketplace. if we are unable to continue to manage readily-available inventory demand and competitive delivery options as well as develop successful competitive strategies, including the maintenance of effective promotions, advertising and loyalty card programs, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.
we may not be able to sustain our historic rate of sales growth.
we have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 5,391 stores at august 30, 2014, to 6,411 stores at august 31, 2019, an average store increase per year of 4%. additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $9.475 billion in fiscal 2014 to $11.864 billion in fiscal 2019, an average increase per year of 5%. annual revenue growth is driven by the opening of new stores, the development of new commercial programs and increases in same store sales. we open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively impacted by economic pressures. we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to open stores at historical rates or continue to achieve increases in same store sales.
consolidation among our competitors may negatively impact our business.
historically some of our competitors have merged. consolidation among our competitors could enhance their market share and financial position, provide them with the ability to achieve better purchasing terms and provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to utilize merger synergies and cost savings to increase advertising and marketing budgets to more effectively compete for customers. consolidation by our competitors could also increase their access to local market parts assortment.
13
these consolidated competitors could take sales volume away from us in certain markets, could achieve greater market penetration, could cause us to change our pricing with a negative impact on our margins or could cause us to spend more money to maintain customers or seek new customers, all of which could negatively impact our business.
if we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited.
although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers in order to increase our commercial market share. although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and availability, price, product warranty, distribution locations and the strength of our autozone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket participants have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have, and as a result have developed long-term customer relationships and have large available inventories. if we are unable to profitably develop new commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited.
a downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our debt, obtain new funding or issue debt securities.
our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. these investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in the commercial paper markets. to maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. a change by the rating agencies in these ratios, an increase in our debt, and/or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt and would likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings.
moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions during the great recession resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. during brief time intervals, there was limited liquidity in the commercial paper markets, resulting in an absence of commercial paper buyers and extraordinarily high interest rates. we can provide no assurance that such similar events that occurred during the great recession will not occur again in the foreseeable future. conditions and events in the global credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term and long-term debt and the terms and cost of that debt.
significant changes in macroeconomic and geo-political factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
macroeconomic conditions impact both our customers and our suppliers. job growth in the u.s. was stagnated and unemployment was at historically high levels during the great recession; however, in recent years, the unemployment rate has improved to below pre-recession levels. moreover, the u.s. government continues to operate under historically large deficits and debt burden. continued distress in global credit markets, business failures, inflation, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, significant geo-political conflicts, proposed or additional tariffs, continued volatility in energy prices and other factors continue to affect the global economy. moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product costs. over the short-term, such factors could positively impact our business. over a longer period of time, these macroeconomic and geo-political conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead. these could adversely affect our financial condition and operations.
14
our business depends upon hiring, training and retaining qualified employees.
we believe that much of our brand value lies in the quality of the approximately 96,000 autozoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and alldata. our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is subject to employment laws and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage and benefits. in addition, the implementation of potential regulatory changes relating to overtime exemptions and benefits for certain employees under federal and state laws could result in increased labor costs to our business and negatively impact our operating results. we cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market and there is a risk of market increases in compensation.
if we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, regulatory noncompliance, losses of customers and diminution of our brand, which could adversely affect our earnings. if we do not maintain competitive wages, our customer service could suffer due to a declining quality of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates. a violation or change in employment and labor laws (including changes in existing employment benefit programs such as health insurance) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise at competitive prices could adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
we are dependent upon our domestic and international vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise at favorable prices and payment terms. if our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers’ expectations regarding quality and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. all of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. to the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. in addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. in those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to rebuild our reputation and regain the confidence of our customers. moreover, our vendors are impacted by global economic conditions. credit market and other macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse effect on the ability of our suppliers to finance and operate their businesses, resulting in increased product costs and difficulties in meeting our inventory demands. if we experience transitions or changeover with any of our significant vendors, or if they experience financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers’ perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales.
risks associated with products sourced outside the u.s.
we directly imported approximately 14% of our purchases in fiscal 2019, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. changes to the price or flow of these goods for any reason, such as political unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes and economic conditions and instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, failure to meet our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, increased import duties or tariffs, merchandise quality or safety issues, transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, often are beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. in addition, the foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade and port labor agreements are beyond our control. these and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our business and financial performance. as we or our domestic vendors increase our imports of merchandise from foreign vendors, the risks associated with these imports will also increase.
15
our ability to grow depends in part on new location openings, existing location remodels and expansions and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network.
our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new locations and expand and remodel existing locations to meet customers’ needs on a timely and profitable basis. accomplishing our new and existing location expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors, including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and expanded locations at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel and the integration of new locations into existing operations. there can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our location expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new locations into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded locations profitably.
in addition, we extensively utilize our hub network, our supply chain and logistics management techniques to efficiently stock our locations. we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price and to meet consumer product needs. if we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and/or supply chains or if our investments in our supply chain initiatives, including directly sourcing some products from outside the u.s., do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our locations or increases in our operating costs, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins.
our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name and profitability.
we believe our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. the value in our brand name and its continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth are dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. any negative publicity about these areas could damage our reputation and may result in reduced demand for our merchandise. the increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. our reputation could be impacted if customers have a bad experience and share it over social media.
failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could also hurt our reputation. if we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, our capital and operating expenses could increase due to implementation of and compliance with existing and future laws and regulations or remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations. the inability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
16
our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets.
the various risks we face in our u.s. operations generally also exist when conducting operations in and sourcing products and materials from outside of the u.s., in addition to the unique costs, risks and difficulties of managing international operations. our expansion into international markets may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions.
risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences, potential changes to trade policies and trade agreements, compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, challenges to identify and gain access to local suppliers, and possibly misjudging the response of consumers in foreign countries to our product assortment and marketing strategy.
in addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. since our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. as a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance.
failure to protect or effectively respond to a breach of the privacy and security of customers’, suppliers’, autozoners’ or company information could damage our reputation, subject us to litigation, and cause us to incur substantial costs.
our business, like that of most retailers and distributors, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of personal information about our customers, suppliers and autozoners, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. failure to protect the security of our customers’, suppliers’, employees’ and company information could subject us to costly regulatory enforcement actions, expose us to litigation and impair our reputation, which may have a negative impact on our sales. we consider information security to be a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning and activities throughout the company. senior management and the board of directors are actively engaged in cyber-security risk management. while we and our third-party service providers and vendors take significant steps to protect customer, supplier, employee and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training and monitoring and routine testing of our systems, these security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error, system compromises, fraud, trickery, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. we believe that our preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cyber-security risks. however, our business or our third party providers, with which we share sensitive information, may not discover a security breach or loss of information for a significant period after the security breach occurs. failure to effectively respond to system compromises may undermine our security measures. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. to date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber-security; however, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to unauthorized access or phishing attempts, computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes. as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, compliance with these requirements could also result in significant additional costs. there can be no assurance that our security measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. the cost to remediate damages to our systems suffered as a result of a cyber-attack could be significant.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit, debit, electronic payments (such as paypal, apple pay, etc.) and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. as a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, such as the american national standards institute encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines and payment card industry data security standard. even though we comply with these standards and protocols and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known cyber-attacks or malware that may be developed in the future.
17
to the extent that any cyber-attack or intrusion in our or one of our third-party service provider’s information systems results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. in certain circumstances, payment card association rules and obligations to which we are subject under our contracts with payment card processors make us liable to payment card issuers if information in connection with payment cards and payment card transactions that we hold is compromised, which liabilities could be substantial. in addition, the cost of complying with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection and information security laws and standards could be significant to us.
we have invested in information-technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. although these plans are in place, we must provide ongoing monitoring and consistently revise our plans as technologies change rapidly and our efforts to overcome security risks continue to become increasingly more complex and concentrated.
our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be affected by environmental, tax and employment laws or other governmental actions.
we are subject to various laws and governmental regulations which may impact our business. we could be impacted by environmental laws and regulations, including initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and bills related to climate change. although we are not certain that these initiatives will become regulations, if the regulations become enacted, they could adversely impact our costs.
our business is subject to changes in tax laws and regulations which could impact our overall tax liability. governments may issue guidance or enact tax laws which could result in changes to our tax position and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by litigation.
we are involved in lawsuits, regulatory investigations, governmental and other legal procedures, arising out of the ordinary course of business. legal action may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business.
we rely extensively on our information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to manage inventory, communicate with customers, process transactions and summarize results. our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our autozoners, contractors or third-party service providers. although we and our third-party service providers work diligently to maintain our respective systems, we may not be successful in doing so.
if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
our business is in the process of developing and implementing various information systems, as well as modifying existing systems. these technological changes will require significant investment of human and financial resources, and our business may experience significant delays, costs increases and other obstacles with these projects. although we have invested significant resources during our planning, project management and training, implementation issues may arise which may disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business operations, financial condition and cash flows.
18
business interruptions may negatively impact our location hours, operability of our computer and other systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material negative effect on our sales and our business.
war or acts of terrorism, political unrest, unusual weather conditions, hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes, floods and other natural or other disasters or the threat of any of them, may result in certain of our locations being closed for a period of time or permanently or have a negative impact on our ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our locations. some of our merchandise is imported from other countries. if imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the u.s., and if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins may be negatively affected.
in the event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty transporting merchandise to our distribution centers and locations resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. transportation issues could also cause us to cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our distribution centers.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we are the leading retailer, and a leading distributor, of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the americas. we began operations in 1979 and at august 31, 2019, operated 5,772 stores in the u.s., including puerto rico and saint thomas; 604 stores in mexico; and 35 stores in brazil. each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. at august 31, 2019, in 4,893 of our domestic stores, we also had a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts. we also have commercial programs in stores in mexico and brazil. we also sell the alldata brand automotive diagnostic and repair software through www.alldata.com and www.alldatadiy.com. additionally, we sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. we do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services.
executive summary for fiscal 2019, we achieved record net income of $1.617 billion, a 20.9% increase over the prior year, and sales growth of $642.7 million, a 5.7% increase over the prior year. both our retail sales and commercial sales grew this past year, as we continue to make progress on our initiatives that are aimed at improving our ability to say yes to our customers more frequently, drive traffic to our stores and accelerate our commercial growth.
24
our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates and other economic conditions. given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future.
one macroeconomic factor affecting our customers and our industry during fiscal 2019 was gas prices. during fiscal 2019, the average price per gallon of unleaded gasoline in the u.s. was $2.63 per gallon, compared to $2.67 per gallon during fiscal 2018. we believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers’ level of disposable income. with approximately 12 billion gallons of unleaded gas consumption each month across the u.s., each $1 decrease at the pump contributes approximately $12 billion of additional spending capacity to consumers each month. given the unpredictability of gas prices, we cannot predict whether gas prices will increase or decrease, nor can we predict how any future changes in gas prices will impact our sales in future periods.
we have also experienced accelerated pressure on wages in the u.s. during fiscal 2019. some of this is attributed to regulatory changes in certain states and municipalities, while the larger portion is being driven by general market pressures with lower unemployment rates and some specific actions taken in recent years by other retailers. the regulatory changes are going to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase their wages substantially over the next few years, but we are still assessing to what degree these changes will impact our earnings growth in future periods.
during fiscal 2019, failure and maintenance related categories represented the largest portion of our sales mix, at approximately 85% of total sales, with failure related categories continuing to comprise our largest set of categories. while we have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years, in our domestic stores we did experience a slight increase in mix of sales of the failure category as compared to last year. we believe the improvement in this sales category was driven by differences in regional weather patterns and improved merchandise assortments due to the products we have added over the last year. our sales mix can be impacted by severe or unusual weather over a short term period. over the long term, we believe the impact of the weather on our sales mix is not significant.
the two statistics we believe have the closest correlation to our market growth over the long-term are miles driven and the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road.
miles driven we believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers’ vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. while over the long-term we have seen a close correlation between our net sales and the number of miles driven, we have also seen certain time frames of minimal correlation in sales performance and miles driven. during the periods of minimal correlation between net sales and miles driven, we believe net sales have been positively impacted by other factors, including the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road. since the beginning of the fiscal year and through july 2019 (latest publicly available information), miles driven in the u.s. increased by 0.8% compared to the same period in the prior year.
seven year old or older vehicles new vehicles sales increased 0.2% during 2019 as compared to the prior calendar year. we estimate vehicles are driven an average of approximately 12,500 miles each year. in seven years, the average miles driven equates to approximately 87,500 miles. our experience is that at this point in a vehicle’s life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating.
according to the latest data provided by the auto care association, as of january 1, 2019, the average age of vehicles on the road was 11.8 years. for the eighth consecutive year, the average age of vehicles has exceeded 11 years.
we expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. as the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell.
25
results of operations fiscal 2019 compared with fiscal 2018
for the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019, we reported net sales of $11.864 billion compared with $11.221 billion for the year ended august 25, 2018, a 5.7% increase from fiscal 2018. this growth was driven primarily by net sales of $410.5 million from new domestic stores, the additional 53rd week sales of $238.6 million and a domestic same store sales increase of 3.0% partially offset by the impact of the sale of two businesses in the prior year. same store sales are computed on a 52-week basis. domestic commercial sales increased $348.6 million, or 15.7%, over domestic commercial sales for fiscal 2018 which benefited $51.3 million from the additional week of sales.
at august 31, 2019, we operated 5,772 domestic stores, 604 in mexico and 35 in brazil, compared with 5,618 domestic stores, 564 in mexico and 20 in brazil at august 25, 2018. we reported a total auto parts segment (domestic, mexico, brazil and imc through april 4, 2018) sales increase of 6.3% for fiscal 2019.
gross profit for fiscal 2019 was $6.365 billion, or 53.7% of net sales, a 41 basis point increase compared with $5.974 billion, or 53.2% of net sales for fiscal 2018. the increase in gross margin was primarily attributable to the favorable impact of the sale of two businesses completed in the prior year (+37 basis points).
operating, selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2019 decreased to $4.149 billion, or 35.0% of net sales, from $4.163 billion, or 37.1% of net sales for fiscal 2018. the decrease in operating expenses, as a percentage of sales, was primarily due to last year’s impairment charges of $193.2 million related to the sale of two businesses and pension plan termination charges of $130.3 million, partially offset by increased domestic store payroll (-66 basis points) in 2019. see “note l – pension and savings plan” and “note m – sale of assets” in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
interest expense, net for fiscal 2019 was $184.8 million compared with $174.5 million during fiscal 2018. this increase was primarily due to higher debt levels and an additional week of interest incurred due to the 53rd week. average borrowings for fiscal 2019 were $5.097 billion, compared with $4.997 billion for fiscal 2018, and weighted average borrowing rates were 3.2% for fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018.
our effective income tax rate was 20.4% of pre-tax income for fiscal 2019 compared to 18.3% for fiscal 2018. the higher tax rate resulted primarily from net impacts of the enactment of tax reform (see “note d - income taxes” in the notes to consolidated financial statements).
net income for fiscal 2019 increased by 20.9% to $1.617 billion, and diluted earnings per share increased 30.1% to $63.43 from $48.77 in fiscal 2018. the impact on the fiscal 2019 diluted earnings per share from stock repurchases was an increase of $1.83.
fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017
a discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2018 has been omitted from this form 10-k, but may be found in “item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” of our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended august 25, 2018, filed with the sec on october 24, 2018, which is available free of charge on the secs website at www.sec.gov and at www.autozone.com, by clicking “investor relations” located at the bottom of the page.
quarterly periods each of the first three quarters of our fiscal year consists of 12 weeks, and the fourth quarter consisted of 17 weeks in 2019 and 16 weeks in 2018 and 2017. because the fourth quarter contains seasonally high sales volume and consists of 16 or 17 weeks, compared with 12 weeks for each of the first three quarters, our fourth quarter represents a disproportionate share of the annual net sales and net income. the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 represented 33.6% of annual sales and 35.0% of net income; and the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 represented 31.7% of annual sales and 29.9% of net income; and the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 represented 32.3% of annual sales and 33.9% of net income.
26
income taxes on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted tax reform into law. tax reform significantly revises the u.s. federal corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering the statutory federal corporate rate from 35% to 21%, eliminating certain deductions, imposing a mandatory one-time transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and changing how foreign earnings are subject to u.s. federal tax. also in december 2017, the sec issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 (“sab 118”) to address the application of gaap in situations when the registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared and analyzed in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of tax reform.
during the year ended august 25, 2018, we recorded provisional tax benefit of $131.5 million related to tax reform, comprised of a $157.3 million remeasurement of our net deferred tax asset (“dta”), offset by $25.8 million of transition tax. during the year ended august 31, 2019, the company completed its analysis of tax reform and recorded adjustments to the previously-recorded provisional amounts, resulting in an $8.8 million tax benefit, primarily related to transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries.
beginning with the year ending august 31, 2019, we are subject to a new tax on global intangible low-taxed income (“gilti”) that is imposed on foreign earnings. we have made the election to record this tax as a period cost, thus we have not adjusted the deferred tax assets or liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries for the new tax. net impacts for gilti were immaterial and are included in the provision for income taxes for the year ending august 31, 2019.
liquidity and capital resources the primary source of our liquidity is our cash flows realized through the sale of automotive parts, products and accessories. net cash provided by operating activities was $2.129 billion in 2019, $2.080 billion in 2018 and $1.571 in 2017. cash flows from operations are favorable compared to last year primarily due to the timing of payment of accounts payable and growth in net income partially due to the additional week of sales in the current year.
our primary capital requirement has been the funding of our continued new-location development program and the building of new distribution centers. net cash flows used in investing activities were $491.8 million in fiscal 2019, compared to $521.9 million in fiscal 2018 and $553.6 million in fiscal 2017. we invested $496.1 million in capital assets in fiscal 2019, compared to $521.8 million in fiscal 2018 and $553.8 million in fiscal 2017. we had new location openings of 209 for fiscal 2019, 201 for fiscal 2018 and 215 for fiscal 2017. the decrease in capital expenditures from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2019 was attributable to one distribution center opening in fiscal 2018 and none constructed in fiscal 2019. we opened two distribution centers in fiscal 2017. we invest a portion of our assets held by our wholly owned insurance captive in marketable debt securities. we purchased $55.5 million in marketable debt securities in fiscal 2019, $104.5 million in fiscal 2018 and $85.7 million in fiscal 2017. we had proceeds from the sale of marketable debt securities of $53.1 million in fiscal 2019, $69.6 million in fiscal 2018 and $83.0 million in fiscal 2017.
net cash used in financing activities was $1.674 billion in 2019, $1.632 billion in 2018 and $914.3 million in 2017. the net cash used in financing activities reflected purchases of treasury stock which totaled $2.005 billion for fiscal 2019, $1.592 billion for fiscal 2018 and $1.072 billion for fiscal 2017. the treasury stock purchases in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 were primarily funded by cash flows from operations. the company issued $750 million of new debt in fiscal 2019 compared to none in fiscal 2018 and $600 million for fiscal 2017. in fiscal 2019 the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings and our $250 million senior notes due in april 2019 and for other general corporate purposes. in fiscal 2018, we used commercial paper borrowings to repay our $250 million senior notes due in august 2018. in fiscal 2017, the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used for the repayment of a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which were used to repay the $400 million senior notes due in january 2017.
in fiscal 2019, we made net repayments of commercial paper and short term borrowings in the amount of $295.3 million. net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and short-term borrowings for fiscal 2018 were $170.2 million and net repayments of commercial paper and short-term borrowings for fiscal 2017 were $42.4 million.
27
during fiscal 2020, we expect to increase the investment in our business as compared to fiscal 2019. our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations and investments in technology. the amount of investments in our new locations is impacted by different factors, including such factors as whether the building and land are purchased (requiring higher investment) or leased (generally lower investment), located in the united states, mexico or brazil, or located in urban or rural areas. during fiscal 2019 and 2018, our capital expenditures decreased by approximately 5% and 6%, respectively, compared to the prior year period. in fiscal 2017, our capital expenditures increased by approximately 13% as compared to the prior year.
in addition to the building and land costs, our new locations require working capital, predominantly for inventories. historically, we have negotiated extended payment terms from suppliers, reducing the working capital required and resulting in a high accounts payable to inventory ratio. we plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors’ capacity to factor their receivables from us. certain vendors participate in financing arrangements with financial institutions whereby they factor their receivables from us, allowing them to receive payment on our invoices at a discounted rate. in recent years, we initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability, which increased our inventory per location. many of our vendors have supported our initiative to update our product assortments by providing extended payment terms. these extended payment terms have allowed us to continue our high accounts payable to inventory ratio. we had an accounts payable to inventory ratio of 112.6% at august 31, 2019 and 111.8% at august 25, 2018. the increase from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2019 was primarily due to more favorable vendor terms.
depending on the timing and magnitude of our future investments (either in the form of leased or purchased properties or acquisitions), we anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements and stock repurchases. the balance may be funded through new borrowings. we anticipate that we will be able to obtain such financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past.
our cash balances are held in various locations around the world. as of august 31, 2019, and august 25, 2018, cash and cash equivalents of $49.9 million and $98.8 million, respectively, were held outside of the u.s. and were generally utilized to support the liquidity needs in our foreign operations.
for the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019, our after-tax return on invested capital (“roic”) was 35.7% as compared to 32.1% for the comparable prior year period. roic is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent charges) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). for fiscal 2019, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for the tax reform’s impact on the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, net of the repatriation tax. for fiscal 2018, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for impairment charges, pension termination charges and tax reform’s impact on the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, net of the repatriation tax. the increase in roic in fiscal 2019 is primarily due to the increase in net income due to the additional week of operations. we use roic to evaluate whether we are effectively using our capital resources and believe it is an important indicator of our overall operating performance. refer to the “reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures” section for further details of our calculation.
debt facilities we entered into a master extension, new commitment and amendment agreement dated as of november 18, 2017 (the “extension amendment”) to the third amended and restated credit agreement dated as of november 18, 2016, as amended, modified, extended or restated from time to time (the “revolving credit agreement”). under the extension amendment: (i) our borrowing capacity under the revolving credit agreement was increased from $1.6 billion to $2.0 billion; (ii) our option to increase the borrowing capacity under the revolving credit agreement was “refreshed” and the amount of such option remained at $400 million; (iii) the maximum borrowing under the revolving credit agreement may, at our option, subject to lenders approval, be increased from $2.0 billion to $2.4 billion; (iv) the termination date of the revolving credit agreement was extended from november 18, 2021 until november 18, 2022; and (v) we have the option to make one additional written request of the lenders to extend the termination date then in effect for an additional year. under the revolving credit agreement, we may borrow funds consisting of eurodollar loans, base rate loans or a combination of both.
28
interest accrues on eurodollar loans at a defined eurodollar rate, defined as libor plus the applicable percentage, as defined in the revolving credit agreement, depending upon our senior, unsecured, (non-credit enhanced) long-term debt ratings. interest accrues on base rate loans as defined in the revolving credit agreement. as of august 31, 2019, we had $3.3 million of outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit agreement.
the revolving credit agreement requires that our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of the last day of each quarter shall be no less than 2.5:1. this ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) consolidated earnings before interest, taxes and rents to (ii) consolidated interest expense plus consolidated rents. our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of august 31, 2019 was 5.7:1.
as of august 31, 2019, our $1.030 billion of commercial paper borrowings were classified as long-term in the consolidated balance sheets as we have the ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis through available capacity in our revolving credit facilities. as of august 31, 2019, we had $1.997 billion of availability under our $2.0 billion revolving credit facility, which would allow us to replace these short-term obligations with long-term financing facilities.
we also maintain a letter of credit facility that allows us to request the participating bank to issue letters of credit on our behalf up to an aggregate amount of $25 million. the letter of credit facility is in addition to the letters of credit that may be issued under the revolving credit agreement. in fiscal 2019, we amended our existing letter of credit facility to decrease the amount that can be requested in letters of credit from $75 million to $25 million effective june 2019. this amendment also extended the maturity date from june 2019 to june 2022. as of august 31, 2019, we had $25.0 million in letters of credit outstanding under the letter of credit facility.
in addition to the outstanding letters of credit issued under the committed facilities discussed above, we had $72.9 million in letters of credit outstanding as of august 31, 2019. these letters of credit have various maturity dates and were issued on an uncommitted basis.
on april 18, 2019, we issued $300 million in 3.125% senior notes due april 2024 and $450 million in 3.750% senior notes due april 2029 under our automatic shelf registration statement on form s-3, filed with the sec on april 4, 2019 (file no. 333-230719) (the “2019 shelf registration”). proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings, the $250 million in 1.625% senior notes due in april 2019 and for other general corporate purposes.
on april 18, 2017, we issued $600 million in 3.750% senior notes due june 2027 under our shelf registration statement filed with the sec on april 15, 2015 (the “2015 shelf registration”). proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes.
the senior notes contain a provision that repayment of the senior notes may be accelerated if we experience a change in control (as defined in the agreements). our borrowings under our senior notes contain minimal covenants, primarily restrictions on liens, sale and leaseback transactions and consolidations, mergers and the sale of assets. under our revolving credit facility, covenants include restrictions on liens, a maximum debt to earnings ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a change of control provision that may require acceleration of the repayment obligations under certain circumstances. all of the repayment obligations under our borrowing arrangements may be accelerated and come due prior to the applicable scheduled payment date if covenants are breached or an event of default occurs.
as of august 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all covenants and expect to remain in compliance with all covenants under our borrowing arrangements.
for the fiscal years ended august 31, 2019 and august 26, 2018, our adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense (“ebitdar”) ratio was 2.5:1. we calculate adjusted debt as the sum of total debt, capital lease obligations and rent times six; and we calculate ebitdar by adding interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense to net income. for fiscal 2018, net income was adjusted to exclude impairment charges and pension termination charges before tax impact as these charges are not reflective of ongoing operations. we target our debt levels to a specified ratio of adjusted debt to ebitdar in order to maintain our investment grade credit ratings and believe this is important information for the management of our debt levels.
29
to the extent ebitdar continues to grow in future years, we expect our debt levels to increase; conversely, if ebitdar declines, we would expect our debt levels to decrease. refer to the “reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures” section for further details of our calculation.
stock repurchases during 1998, we announced a program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding shares not to exceed a dollar maximum established by our board of directors (the “board”). on september 26, 2018, the board voted to increase the authorization by $1.25 billion. on march 20, 2019, the board voted to increase the authorization by $1.0 billion. this raised the total value of shares authorized to be repurchased to $21.9 billion. from january 1998 to august 31, 2019, we have repurchased a total of 146.9 million shares at an aggregate cost of $21.423 billion. we repurchased 2.2 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $2.005 billion during fiscal 2019, 2.4 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $1.592 billion during fiscal 2018 and 1.5 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $1.072 billion during fiscal 2017. considering cumulative repurchases as of august 31, 2019, we had $476.8 million remaining under the board’s authorization to repurchase our common stock.
for the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019, cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt was $1.759 billion as compared to $1.596 billion during the comparable prior year period. cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt is calculated as the net increase or decrease in cash and cash equivalents less net increases or decreases in debt plus share repurchases. we use cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt to calculate the cash flows remaining and available in an effort to increase shareholder value in the form of share repurchases. we believe this is important information regarding our allocation of available capital where we prioritize investments in the business and utilize the remaining funds to repurchase shares, while maintaining debt levels that support our investment grade credit ratings. if we allowed these funds to accumulate on our balance sheet instead of repurchasing our shares, we believe our earnings per share and stock price would be negatively impacted. refer to the “reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures” section for further details of our calculation.
on october 7, 2019, the board voted to authorize the repurchase of an additional $1.25 billion of our common stock in connection with our ongoing share repurchase program. since the inception of the repurchase program in 1998, the board has authorized $23.2 billion in share repurchases. subsequent to august 31, 2019, we have repurchased 259,384 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $284.6 million. considering the cumulative repurchases and the increase in authorization subsequent to august 31, 2019, we have $1.44 billion remaining under the board’s authorization to repurchase its common stock.
30
financial commitments the following table shows our significant contractual obligations as of august 31, 2019:
(in thousands)                      total                      payment due by period contractual obligations less than                  between                      between                      over
1 year                     1-3 years                    3-5 years                    5 years debt(1)                             $5,230,000                 $1,030,000                   $1,250,000                  $1,100,000                     $1,850,000
interest payments(2)                          751,813                  143,250                      250,250                     168,438                   189,875
operating leases(3)                         2,197,092                  315,424                      583,343                     474,081                   824,244
capital leases(4)                             182,720                   56,246                       90,773                      35,701                         —
self-insurance reserves(5)                    242,991                   89,250                       77,508                      34,393                    41,840
construction commitments                       37,969                   37,969                            —                           —                         —
$8,642,585                 $1,672,139                   $2,251,874                  $1,812,613                     $2,905,959
(1)   debt balances represent principal maturities, excluding interest, discounts, and debt issuance costs.

(2)   represents obligations for interest payments on long-term debt.

(3)   operating lease obligations are inclusive of amounts accrued within deferred rent and closed store obligations reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.

(4)   capital lease obligations include related interest.

(5)                                                     self-insurance reserves reflect estimates based on actuarial calculations. although these obligations do not have scheduled maturities, the timing of future payments are predictable based upon historical patterns. accordingly, we reflect the net present value of these obligations in our consolidated balance sheets.

our tax liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, was $20.5 million at august 31, 2019. approximately $1.8 million is classified as current liabilities and $18.7 million is classified as long-term liabilities. we did not reflect these obligations in the table above as we are unable to make an estimate of the timing of payments of the long-term liabilities due to uncertainties in the timing and amounts of the settlement of these tax positions.
off-balance sheet arrangements the following table reflects outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds as of august 31, 2019:
(in thousands)                       total other commitments standby letters of credit         $101,172
surety bonds                        36,685
$137,857
a substantial portion of the outstanding standby letters of credit (which are primarily renewed on an annual basis) and surety bonds are used to cover reimbursement obligations to our workers’ compensation carriers.
there are no additional contingent liabilities associated with these instruments as the underlying liabilities are already reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. the standby letters of credit and surety bond arrangements expire within one year, but have automatic renewal clauses.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures
“selected financial data” and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” include certain financial measures not derived in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“gaap”). these non-gaap financial measures provide additional information for determining our optimum capital structure and are used to assist management in evaluating performance and in making appropriate business decisions to maximize stockholders’ value.
31
non-gaap financial measures should not be used as a substitute for gaap financial measures, or considered in isolation, for the purpose of analyzing our operating performance, financial position or cash flows. however, we have presented the non-gaap financial measures, as we believe they provide additional information that is useful to investors as it indicates more clearly our comparative year-to-year operating results. furthermore, our management and compensation committee of the board use the above-mentioned non-gaap financial measures to analyze and compare our underlying operating results and use select measurements to determine payments of performance-based compensation. we have included a reconciliation of this information to the most comparable gaap measures in the following reconciliation tables.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measure: cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt the following table reconciles net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents to cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt, which is presented in “selected financial data” and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations”:
fiscal year ended august
(in thousands)                                                          2019                         2018                         2017                        2016                         2015
net cash provided by/(used in):
operating activities(1)                                                             $2,128,513                   $2,080,292                  $1,570,612                   $1,641,060                  $1,573,018
investing activities                                                                  (491,846   )                 (521,860   )                (553,599   )                 (505,835   )                (567,911   )
financing activities(1)                                                             (1,674,088   )               (1,632,154   )                (914,329   )               (1,116,528   )                (944,597   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                 (4,103   )                   (1,724   )                     852                       (4,272   )                  (9,686   )
net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                   (41,524   )                  (75,446   )                 103,536                       14,425                      50,824
less: (decrease)/increase in debt, excluding deferred financing costs                  204,700                      (79,800   )                 157,600                      299,900                     303,800
plus: share repurchases                                                              2,004,896                    1,592,013                   1,071,649                    1,452,462                   1,271,416
cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt                              $1,758,672                   $1,596,367                  $1,017,585                   $1,166,987                  $1,018,440
(1)                                                                                                   the company adopted the provisions of asu 2016-09, compensation – stock compensation (topic 718): improvement to employee share-based payment accounting, as of august 28, 2016. we have applied asu 2016-09 relating to the presentation of the excess tax benefits on the consolidated statements of cash flows retrospectively. prior period amounts for net cash provided by operating and financing activities for fiscal 2015 presented above were restated to conform to the current period presentation.

32
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measure: after-tax roic the following table calculates the percentage of roic. roic is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). the roic percentages are presented in “selected financial data” and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations”:
fiscal year ended august
(in thousands, except percentages)                         2019(1)                      2018(2)       2017                         2016                         2015
net income                                              $1,617,221                   $1,337,536                   $1,280,869                   $1,241,007                   $1,160,241
adjustments:
impairment before tax                                            —                      193,162                            —                            —                            —
pension termination charges before tax                           —                      130,263                            —                            —                            —
interest expense                                           184,804                      174,527                      154,580                      147,681                      150,439
rent expense                                               332,726                      315,580                      302,928                      280,490                      269,458
tax effect(3)                                             (105,576   )                 (211,806   )                 (153,265   )                 (150,288   )                 (149,483   )
deferred tax liabilities, net of repatriation               (6,340   )                 (132,113   )                        —                            —                            —
tax(4)
after-tax return                                        $2,022,835                   $1,807,149                   $1,585,112                   $1,518,890                   $1,430,655
average debt(5)                                         $5,126,286                   $5,013,678                   $5,061,502                   $4,820,402                   $4,458,114
average stockholders’                                   (1,615,339   )               (1,433,196   )               (1,730,559   )               (1,774,329   )               (1,619,596   )
(deficit)(5)
rent x 6(6)                                              1,996,358                    1,893,480                    1,817,568                    1,682,940                    1,616,748
average capital lease obligations(5)                       162,591                      156,198                      150,066                      131,008                      126,096
invested capital                                        $5,669,896                   $5,630,160                   $5,298,577                   $4,860,021                   $4,581,362
roic                                                          35.7   %                     32.1   %                     29.9   %                     31.3   %                     31.2   %
(1)   the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019 consisted of 53 weeks.

(2)   for fiscal 2018, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for impairment charges and pension settlement charges.

(3)                                        for fiscal 2019, the effective tax rate was 20.4%. the effective tax rate during fiscal 2018 was 24.2% for impairment, 28.1% for pension termination and 26.2% for interest and rent expense. for fiscal 2017, 2016, and 2015 the effective tax rate was 33.5%, 35.1% and 35.6%, respectively.

(4)              for fiscal 2018 and 2019, after-tax operating profit was adjusted for the impact of the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, net of repatriation tax.

(5)   all averages are computed based on trailing five quarters.

(6)   rent is multiplied by a factor of six to capitalize operating leases in the determination of pre-tax invested capital.

33
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measure: adjusted debt to ebitdar the following table calculates the ratio of adjusted debt to ebitdar. adjusted debt to ebitdar is calculated as the sum of total debt, capital lease obligations and annual rents times six; divided by net income plus interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense. the adjusted debt to ebitdar ratios are presented in “selected financial data” and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations”:
fiscal year ended august
(in thousands, except ratios)                          2019(1)                     2018(2)       2017                        2016                        2015
net income                                          $1,617,221                  $1,337,536                  $1,280,869                  $1,241,007                  $1,160,241
add: impairment before tax                                   —                     193,162                           —                           —                           —
pension termination charges before tax                       —                     130,263                           —                           —                           —
interest expense                                       184,804                     174,527                     154,580                     147,681                     150,439
income tax expense                                     414,112                     298,793                     644,620                     671,707                     642,371
ebit                                                 2,216,137                   2,134,281                   2,080,069                   2,060,395                   1,953,051
add: depreciation and amortization expense             369,957                     345,084                     323,051                     297,397                     269,919
rent expense                                           332,726                     315,580                     302,928                     280,490                     269,458
share-based expense                                     43,255                      43,674                      38,244                      39,825                      40,995
ebitdar                                             $2,962,075                  $2,838,619                  $2,744,292                  $2,678,107                  $2,533,423
debt                                                $5,206,344                  $5,005,930                  $5,081,238                  $4,924,119                  $4,624,876
capital lease obligations                              179,905                     154,303                     150,456                     147,285                     128,167
rent x 6                                             1,996,358                   1,893,480                   1,817,568                   1,682,940                   1,616,748
adjusted debt                                       $7,382,607                  $7,053,713                  $7,049,262                  $6,754,344                  $6,369,791
adjusted debt to ebitdar                                   2.5                         2.5                         2.6                         2.5                         2.5
(1)   the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019 consisted of 53 weeks.

(2)   for fiscal 2018, net income was adjusted to exclude impairment charges and pension termination charges before tax.

recent accounting pronouncements see note a of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion on recent accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and related disclosures of contingent liabilities. in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, we describe our significant accounting policies used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. our policies are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are drawn from historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ under different assumptions or conditions. our senior management has identified the critical accounting policies for the areas that are materially impacted by estimates and assumptions and have discussed such policies with the audit committee of our board. the following items in our consolidated financial statements represent our critical accounting policies that require significant estimation or judgment by management:
self-insurance reserves we retain a significant portion of the risks associated with workers’ compensation, general, products liability, property and vehicle liability; and we obtain third party insurance to limit the exposure related to certain of these risks. our self-insurance reserve estimates totaled $207.0 million at august 31, 2019, and $203.1 million at august 25, 2018. this change is primarily reflective of our growing operations, including inflation, increases in healthcare costs, the number of vehicles and the number of hours worked, as well as our historical claims experience.
34
the assumptions made by management in estimating our self-insurance reserves include consideration of historical cost experience, judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim and retention levels. we utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and use of a specialist, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. the actuarial methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on the claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. when estimating these liabilities, we consider factors, such as the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. in recent history, our methods for determining our exposure have remained consistent, and our historical trends have been appropriately factored into our reserve estimates. as we obtain additional information and refine our methods regarding the assumptions and estimates we use to recognize liabilities incurred, we will adjust our reserves accordingly.
management believes that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self- insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data and information that management uses to make its best estimate of our exposure to these risks. arriving at these estimates, however, requires a significant amount of subjective judgment by management, and as a result these estimates are uncertain and our actual exposure may be different from our estimates. for example, changes in our assumptions about healthcare costs, the severity of accidents and the incidence of illness, the average size of claims and other factors could cause actual claim costs to vary materially from our assumptions and estimates, causing our reserves to be overstated or understated. for instance, a 10% change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net income by approximately $16.3 million for fiscal 2019.
our liabilities for workers’ compensation, general and product liability, property and vehicle claims do not have scheduled maturities; however, the timing of future payments is predictable based on historical patterns and is relied upon in determining the current portion of these liabilities. accordingly, we reflect the net present value of the obligations we determine to be long-term using the risk-free interest rate as of the balance sheet date.
if the discount rate used to calculate the present value of these reserves changed by 25 basis points, net income would have been affected by approximately $1.3 million for fiscal 2019. our liability for health benefits is classified as current, as the historical average duration of claims is approximately six weeks.
income taxes our income tax returns are audited by state, federal and foreign tax authorities, and we are typically engaged in various tax examinations at any given time. tax contingencies often arise due to uncertainty or differing interpretations of the application of tax rules throughout the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the contingencies are influenced by items such as tax audits, changes in tax laws, litigation, appeals and prior experience with similar tax positions.
we regularly review our tax reserves for these items and assess the adequacy of the amount we have recorded. as of august 31, 2019, we had approximately $20.5 million reserved for uncertain tax positions.
we evaluate exposures associated with our various tax filings by estimating a liability for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement.
we believe our estimates to be reasonable and have not experienced material adjustments to our reserves in the previous three years; however, actual results could differ from our estimates, and we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. specifically, management has used judgment and made assumptions to estimate the likely outcome of uncertain tax positions. additionally, to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established, or must pay in excess of recognized reserves, our effective tax rate in any particular period could be materially affected.
35
vendor allowances we receive various payments and allowances from our vendors through a variety of programs and arrangements, including allowances for warranties, advertising and general promotion of vendor products. vendor allowances are treated as a reduction of the cost of inventory, unless they are provided as a reimbursement of specific, incremental, identifiable costs incurred by the company in selling the vendor’s products. approximately 87% of the vendor funds received are recorded as a reduction of the cost of inventories and recognized as a reduction to cost of sales as these inventories are sold.
based on our vendor agreements, a significant portion of vendor funding we receive is earned as we purchase inventory. therefore, we record receivables for funding earned but not yet received as we purchase inventory. during the year, we regularly review the receivables from vendors to ensure vendors are able to meet their obligations. we generally have not recorded a reserve against these receivables as we have not experienced significant losses and typically have a legal right of offset with our vendors for payments owed them. historically, we have had write-offs less than $1 million in each of the last three years.
