item 1a. risk factors any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
7
if we do not effectively manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
our future revenue and operating results will depend on our ability to effectively manage the anticipated growth of our business. we have experienced significant growth in recent years and are expanding our operations, increasing our headcount and expanding into new product offerings. this growth has placed significant demands on our management as well as our financial and operational resources, and continued growth presents several challenges, including:
●   expanding manufacturing capacity, maintaining quality and increasing production;

●   identifying, attracting and retaining qualified personnel;

●   developing and retaining our global sales, marketing and administrative infrastructure and capabilities;

●   increasing our regulatory compliance capabilities, particularly in new lines of business;

●   building out our expertise in a number of disciplines, including marketing, licensing, and merchandising; and

●   implementing appropriate operational, financial and it systems and internal controls.

we have a significant level of debt that could have important consequences for our business and any investment in our securities.
the company had $7.8 billion of interest-bearing debt at december 31, 2019. such indebtedness could have significant consequences for our business and any investment in our securities, including:
●   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;

●   requiring more of our cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, limiting our cash flow available to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities or returning additional cash to our shareholders;

●   restricting us from making additional acquisitions;

●   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and

●   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may be less leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting.

our business, operating results and financial condition are subject to particular risks in certain regions of the world.
we may experience an operating loss in one or more regions of the world for one or more periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. moreover, overcapacity, which often leads to lower prices, exists in certain regions in which we operate and may persist even if demand grows. more generally, supply and demand fluctuations could make it difficult for us to forecast and meet certain customers' needs. our ability to manage such operational fluctuations and to maintain adequate long-term strategies in the face of such developments will be critical to our continued growth and profitability.
the loss of a key customer, or a reduction in its requirements, could have a significant negative impact on our sales.
we sell a majority of our packaging products to a relatively limited number of major beverage, personal care and household product companies, some of which operate in multiple geographical markets we serve.
although the majority of our customer contracts are long-term, these contracts, unless they are renewed, expire in accordance with their respective terms and are terminable under certain circumstances, such as our failure to meet quality, volume or market pricing requirements. because we depend on a relatively limited number of major customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by the loss of any of these customers, a reduction in the purchasing levels of these customers, a strike or work stoppage by a significant number of these customers' employees or an adverse change in the terms of the supply agreements with these customers.
the primary customers for our aerospace segment are u.s. government agencies or their prime contractors. our contracts with these customers are subject to several risks, including funding cuts and delays, technical uncertainties, budget changes, government shutdowns, competitive activity and changes in scope.
8
we face competitive risks from many sources that may negatively impact our profitability.
competition within the packaging and aerospace industries is intense. increases in productivity, combined with existing or potential surplus capacity in the industry, have maintained competitive pricing pressures. the principal methods of competition in the general packaging industry are price, innovation, sustainability, service and quality. in the aerospace industry, they are technical capability, cost and schedule. some of our competitors may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources, and some may currently have excess capacity. our current or potential competitors may offer products at a lower price or products that are deemed superior to ours. the global economic environment has resulted in reductions in demand for our products in some instances, which, in turn, could increase these competitive pressures.
we are subject to competition from alternative products, which could result in lower profits and reduced cash flows.
our metal packaging products are subject to significant competition from substitute products, particularly plastic carbonated soft drink bottles made from pet, single serve beer bottles and other beverage containers made of glass, cardboard or other materials. competition from plastic carbonated soft drink bottles is particularly intense in the u.s. and europe. certain of our aerospace products are also subject to competition from alternative products and solutions. there can be no assurance that our products will successfully compete against alternative products, which could result in a reduction in our profits or cash flow.
our packaging businesses have a narrow product range, and our business would suffer if usage of our products decreased or if decreases occur in the demand for the beverages and other goods filled in our products.
the majority of our consolidated net sales were from the sale of beverage containers, and we expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues and cash flows from the sale of beverage containers. our business would suffer if the use of beverage containers decreased. accordingly, broad acceptance by consumers of aluminum containers for a wide variety of beverages is critical to our future success. if demand for glass and pet bottles increases relative to metal containers, or the demand for aluminum containers does not develop as expected, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
changes in laws and governmental regulations may adversely affect our business and operations.
we and our customers and suppliers are subject to various federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations, which have been increasing in number and complexity. each of our, and their, facilities is subject to federal, state, provincial and local licensing and regulation by health, environmental, workplace safety and other agencies in multiple jurisdictions. requirements of worldwide governmental authorities with respect to manufacturing, manufacturing facility locations within the jurisdiction, product content and safety, climate change, workplace safety and health, environmental, expropriation of assets and other standards could adversely affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products, and the ability of our customers and suppliers to manufacture and sell their products. in addition, we face risks arising from compliance with and enforcement of numerous and complex federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations.
enacted regulatory developments regarding the reporting and use of "conflict minerals" mined from the democratic republic of the congo and adjoining countries could affect the sourcing, availability and price of minerals used in the manufacture of certain of our products. as a result, there may only be a limited pool of suppliers who provide conflict-free materials, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to obtain such products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. also, because our supply chains are complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all materials used in the products that we sell. the compliance and reporting aspects of these regulations may result in incremental costs to the company. while deposit systems and other container-related legislation have been adopted in some jurisdictions, similar legislation has been defeated in public referenda and legislative bodies in many others. we anticipate that continuing efforts will be made to consider and adopt such legislation in the future. the packages we produce are widely used and perform well in u.s. states, canadian provinces and european countries that have deposit systems, as well as in other countries worldwide.
significant environmental, employment-related and other legislation and regulatory requirements exist and are also evolving. the compliance costs associated with current and proposed laws and potential regulations could be substantial, and any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws or regulations could lead to litigation or governmental action, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
9
our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to risks resulting from broader geographic operations.
we derived approximately 50 percent of our consolidated net sales from outside of the u.s. for the year ended december 31, 2019. the sizeable scope of operations outside of the u.s. may lead to more volatile financial results and make it more difficult for us to manage our business. reasons for this include, but are not limited to, the following:
●   political and economic instability;

●   governments' restrictive trade policies;

●   the imposition or rescission of duties, taxes or government royalties;

●   exchange rate risks;

●   difficulties in enforcement of contractual obligations and intellectual property rights; and

●   the geographic, language and cultural differences between personnel in different areas of the world.

we are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.
the financial results of the company are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations and a significant proportion of assets, liabilities and earnings denominated in non-u.s. dollar currencies. the company presents its financial statements in u.s. dollars and has a significant proportion of its net assets, debt and income in non-u.s. dollar currencies, primarily the euro, as well as the russian ruble and other emerging market currencies. the company's financial results and capital ratios are therefore sensitive to movements in foreign exchange rates.
we manage our exposure to currency fluctuations, particularly our exposure to fluctuations in the euro to u.s. dollar exchange rate to attempt to mitigate the effect of cash flow and earnings volatility associated with exchange rate changes. we primarily use forward contracts and options to manage our currency exposures and, as a result, we experience gains and losses on these derivative positions offset, in part, by the impact of currency fluctuations on existing assets and liabilities.
if we fail to retain key management and personnel, we may be unable to implement our key objectives.
we believe our future success depends, in part, on our experienced management team. unforeseen losses of key members of our management team without appropriate succession and/or compensation planning could make it difficult for us to manage our business and meet our objectives.
decreases in our ability to develop or apply new technology and know-how may affect our competitiveness.
our success depends partially on our ability to improve production processes and services. we must also introduce new products and services to meet changing customer needs. if we are unable to implement better production processes or to develop new products through research and development or licensing of new technology, we may not be able to remain competitive with other manufacturers. as a result, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
adverse weather and climate changes may result in lower sales.
we manufacture packaging products primarily for beverages. unseasonable weather can reduce demand for certain beverages packaged in our containers. climate change and the increasing frequency of severe weather events could have various effects on the demand for our products, our supply chain and the costs of inputs to our production and delivery of products in different regions around the world.
10
we are vulnerable to fluctuations in the supply and price of raw materials.
we purchase aluminum and other raw materials and packaging supplies from several sources. while all such materials are available from independent suppliers, raw materials are subject to fluctuations in price and availability attributable to a number of factors, including general economic conditions, commodity price fluctuations (particularly aluminum on the london metal exchange), the demand by other industries for the same raw materials and the availability of complementary and substitute materials. although we enter into commodities purchase agreements from time to time and sometimes use derivative instruments to seek to manage our risk, we cannot ensure that our current suppliers of raw materials will be able to supply us with sufficient quantities at reasonable prices. economic, operational and financial factors, as well as governmental action, could impact our suppliers, thereby causing supply shortages. increases in raw material costs, including potential increases due to tariffs, sanctions, or other trade actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in the americas, europe and asia, some contracts do not allow us to pass along increased raw material costs and we generally use derivative agreements to seek to manage this risk. our hedging procedures may be insufficient and our results could be materially impacted if costs of materials increase. due to the fixed-price contracts and derivative activities, while increasing raw material costs may not impact our near-term profitability, increased prices could decrease our sales volume over time.
prolonged work stoppages at facilities with union employees could jeopardize our financial position.
as of december 31, 2019, 15 percent of our north american employees and 53 percent of our european employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. these collective bargaining agreements have staggered expirations during the next several years. although we consider our employee relations to be generally good, a prolonged work stoppage or strike at any facility with union employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, we cannot ensure that upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements, new agreements will be reached without union action or that any such new agreements will be on terms satisfactory to us.
our aerospace segment is subject to certain risks specific to that business.
in our aerospace business, u.s. government contracts are subject to reduction or modification in the event of changes in requirements, and the government may also terminate contracts at its convenience pursuant to standard termination provisions. in such instances, ball may be entitled to reimbursement for allowable costs and profits on authorized work that has been performed through the date of termination.
in addition, budgetary constraints and government shutdowns may result in further reductions to projected spending levels by the u.s. government. in particular, government expenditures are subject to the potential for automatic reductions, generally referred to as "sequestration." sequestration may occur in any given year, resulting in significant additional reductions to spending by various u.s. government defense and aerospace agencies on both existing and new contracts, as well as the disruption of ongoing programs. even if sequestration does not occur, we expect that budgetary constraints and ongoing concerns regarding the u.s. national debt will continue to place downward pressure on agency spending levels. due to these and other factors, overall spending on various programs could decline, which could result in significant reductions to revenue, cash flows, net earnings and backlog primarily in our aerospace segment.
we use estimates in accounting for many of our programs in our aerospace business, and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results.
we account for sales and profits on a portion of long-term contracts in our aerospace business in accordance with the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, using the cost-to-cost method to account for updates in estimates. the percentage-of-completion method of accounting involves the use of various estimating techniques to project revenues and costs at completion and various assumptions and projections relative to the outcome of future events, including the quantity and timing of product deliveries, future labor performance and rates, and material and overhead costs. these assumptions involve various levels of expected performance improvements. under the cost-to-cost method, the impact of updates in our estimates related to units shipped to date or progress made to date is recognized immediately.
because of the significance of the judgments and estimates described above, it is likely that we could record materially different amounts if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances or estimates were to change.
11
our backlog includes both cost-type and fixed-price contracts. cost-type contracts generally have lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. our earnings and margins may vary depending on the types of government contracts undertaken, the nature of the work performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and their impact on our ability to receive fees. the fixed-price contracts could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate.
as a u.s. government contractor, we could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or any negative findings from a u.s. government audit or investigation.
our aerospace business operates in a highly regulated environment and is routinely audited and reviewed by the u.s. government and its agencies, such as the defense contract audit agency (dcaa) and defense contract management agency (dcma). these agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and our compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as well as the adequacy of, and our compliance with, our internal control systems and policies. business systems that are subject to review under the dod federal acquisition regulation supplement (dfars) are purchasing, estimating, material management and accounting, as well as property and earned value management. any costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. if an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions or suspension or debarment from doing business with the u.s. government. whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the u.s. government also has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. if such actions were to result in suspension or debarment, this could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our business is subject to substantial environmental remediation and compliance costs.
our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions relating to environmental hazards, such as emissions to air, discharges to water, the handling and disposal of hazardous and solid wastes and the clean-up of hazardous substances. we have been designated, along with numerous other companies, as a potentially responsible party for the clean-up of several hazardous waste sites. additionally, there is increased focus on the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental issues worldwide. we strive to mitigate such risks related to environmental issues, including through the purchase of renewable energy, the adoption of sustainable practices, and by positioning ourselves as a sustainability leader in our industry.
our business faces the potential of increased regulation on some of the raw materials utilized in our packaging operations.
our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions relating to some of the raw materials, such as epoxy-based coatings utilized in our container making process. epoxy-based coatings may contain bisphenol-a (bpa). scientific evidence evaluated by regulatory agencies in the u.s., canada, europe, japan, australia and new zealand has consistently shown these coatings to be safe for food contact at current levels, and these regulatory agencies have stated that human exposure to bpa from epoxy-based container coatings is well below safe exposure limits set by government bodies worldwide. a significant change in these regulatory agency statements, adverse information concerning bpa, or rulings made within certain federal, state, provincial and local jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. ball recognizes that significant interest exists in non-epoxy based coatings, and we have been proactively working with coatings suppliers and our customers to transition to alternative coatings.
net earnings and net assets could be materially affected by an impairment of goodwill.
we have a significant amount of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019. we are required at least annually to test the recoverability of goodwill. the recoverability test of goodwill is based on the current fair value of our identified reporting units. fair value measurement requires assumptions and estimates of many critical factors, including revenue and market growth, operating cash flows and discount rates. if general market conditions deteriorate in portions of our business, we could experience a significant decline in the fair value of reporting units. this decline could lead to an impairment of all or a significant portion of the goodwill balance, which could materially affect our u.s. gaap net earnings and net assets.
12
if the investments in ball's pension plans, or in the multi-employer pension plans in which ball participates, do not perform as expected, we may have to contribute additional amounts to the plans, which would otherwise be available for other general corporate purposes.
ball maintains defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of its employees in the united states and a significant number of united kingdom deferred and retired participants, which are funded based on certain actuarial assumptions. the plans' assets consist primarily of common stocks, fixed-income securities and, in the u.s., alternative investments. market declines, longevity increases or legislative changes, such as the pension protection act in the u.s., could result in a prospective decrease in our available cash flow and net earnings over time, and the recognition of an increase in our pension obligations could result in a reduction to our shareholders' equity. additional risks exist related to the company's participation in multi-employer pension plans. assets contributed to a multi-employer pension plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. if a participating employer in a multi-employer pension plan stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participants. this could result in increases to our contributions to the plans as well as pension expense.
restricted access to capital markets could adversely affect our short-term liquidity and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the notes issued pursuant to our bond indentures.
a reduction in global market liquidity could:
●   restrict our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other business activities;

●   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including the credit risks stemming from the economic environment;

●   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate;

●   restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or exploiting business opportunities; and

●   limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay cash dividends or refinance debt maturities.

if market interest rates increase, our variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which adversely affects our cash flow. while we sometimes enter into agreements limiting our exposure, any such agreements may not offer complete protection from this risk.
the global credit, financial and economic environment could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
the overall credit, financial and economic environment could have significant negative effects on our operations, including:
●   the creditworthiness of customers, suppliers and counterparties could deteriorate resulting in a financial loss or a disruption in our supply of raw materials;

●   volatile market performance could affect the fair value of our pension assets, potentially requiring us to make significant additional contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to maintain prescribed funding levels;

●   a significant weakening of our financial position or operating results could result in noncompliance with our debt covenants; and

●   reduced cash flow from our operations could adversely affect our ability to execute our long-term strategy to increase liquidity, reduce debt, repurchase our stock and invest in our businesses.

13
changes in u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) and sec rules and regulations could materially impact our reported results.
u.s. gaap and sec accounting and reporting changes are common and have become more frequent and significant over the past several years. these changes could have significant effects on our reported results when compared to prior periods and other companies and may even require us to retrospectively adjust prior periods. additionally, material changes to the presentation of transactions in the consolidated financial statements could impact key ratios that analysts and credit rating agencies use to rate ball and ultimately impact our ability to access the credit markets in an efficient manner.
earnings and cash flows can be impacted by changes in tax laws.
as a u.s.-based multinational business, the company is subject to income tax in the u.s. and numerous jurisdictions outside the u.s. the relevant tax rules and regulations are complex, often changing and, in some cases, are interdependent. if these or other tax rules and regulations should change, the company's earnings and cash flows could be impacted.
in particular, the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the act), which was signed into law on december 22, 2017, may continue to result in fluctuations in the company's net earnings and cash flows. the act introduced major changes to u.s. income tax law that require significant judgment to interpret the impact of the provisions of the act on the company's financial results.
given the various uncertainties and ambiguities that still remain with respect to the application of the act, the internal revenue service and the u.s. treasury department may issue subsequent guidance on the provisions of the act, including final regulations, that differs from our current interpretations. the impact of any adjustments required as a result of such subsequent guidance could materially affect the company's financial results.
additionally, on december 9, 2019, a tax reform law was enacted in mexico which includes, among other changes, limitations on mexican companies' ability to deduct certain expenses. we do not currently expect that this law will materially affect us, but that expectation could change with unanticipated enforcement or interpretation of the law.
the company's worldwide provision for income taxes is determined, in part, through the use of significant estimates and judgments. numerous transactions arise in the ordinary course of business where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. the company undergoes tax examinations by various worldwide tax authorities on a regular basis. while the company believes its estimates of its tax obligations are reasonable, the final outcome after the conclusion of any tax examinations and any litigation could be materially different from what has been reflected in the company's historical financial statements.
increased information technology (it) security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions and services.
the company's it systems, or any third party's system on which the company relies, could fail on their own accord or may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions or shutdowns, including interruptions or shutdowns due to natural disasters, power outages or telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks or failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software or hardware. increased global it security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime also pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. as a provider of products and services to government and commercial customers, our aerospace business in particular may be the target of cyber-attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to classified or sensitive information and networks. the company has a number of shared service centers where many of the company's it systems are concentrated and any disruption at such a location could impact the company's business within the operating zones served by the impacted service center.
14
while we attempt to mitigate all of these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats or other it disruptions. depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, harm to individuals or property, contractual or regulatory actions and fines, penalties and potential liabilities, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. data privacy and protection laws are evolving and present increasing compliance challenges, which may increase our costs, affect our competitiveness and could expose us to substantial fines or other penalties. in addition, a security breach that involves classified or other sensitive government information could subject us to civil or criminal penalties and could result in the loss of our secure facility clearance and other accreditation, loss of our government contracts, loss of access to classified information or debarment as a government contractor.
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements.
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rule 13a-15(f) under the securities exchange act. a material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. if a material weakness is identified, management could conclude that internal control over financial reporting is not effective based on criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organization of the treadway commission in "internal control-an integrated framework (2013)." if a material weakness is identified, a remediation plan would be designed to address the material weakness. if remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses in internal control are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results. as of december 31, 2019, the company had no material weaknesses.
significant developments stemming from the u.k.'s referendum on membership in the eu could have a material adverse effect on us.
in june 2016, the u.k. held a referendum and voted in favor of leaving the european union (eu) and formally withdrew from the eu on january 31, 2020. this withdrawal has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the u.k. and the eu, and this uncertainty may last for years, particularly as the u.k. and the eu continue to negotiate the terms of their ongoing relationship. our business in the u.k., the eu and worldwide could be affected by this uncertainty. there are many ways in which our business could be affected, only some of which we can identify at the present time, such as supply chain constraints, increased material costs due to rising tariffs, effects on employee mobility and increased costs of doing business in the u.k.
the referendum and the withdrawal of the u.k. from the eu has caused and, along with events that could occur in the future as a consequence of the u.k.'s withdrawal, including the possible breakup of the u.k. or the eu, may continue to cause significant volatility in global financial markets, including in global currency and debt markets. a failure by the u.k. and the eu to conclude on a trade agreement may increase this volatility. this volatility could cause a slowdown in economic activity in the u.k., europe or globally, which could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. in addition, our business could be negatively affected by new trade agreements between the u.k. and other countries, including the u.s., and by the possible imposition of trade or other regulatory barriers in the u.k. these possible negative impacts, and others resulting from the u.k.'s withdrawal from the eu, may adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k (annual report), which include additional information about our accounting policies, practices and the transactions underlying our financial results. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes including various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, taxes, environmental and other matters arising during the normal course of business. we apply our best judgment, our knowledge of existing facts and circumstances and actions that we may undertake in the future in determining the estimates that affect our consolidated financial statements. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust or revise our estimates as circumstances change. as future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results may differ from these estimates. ball corporation and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively as "ball corporation," "ball," "the company," "we" or "our" in the following discussion and analysis.
overview business overview and industry trends ball corporation is one of the world's leading aluminum packaging suppliers. our packaging products are produced for a variety of end uses, are manufactured in facilities around the world and are competitive with other substrates, such as plastics and glass. in the aluminum packaging industry, sales and earnings can be increased by reducing costs, increasing prices, developing new products, expanding volumes and making strategic acquisitions. we also provide aerospace and other technologies and services to governmental and commercial customers, including national defense hardware, antenna and video tactical solutions, civil and operational space hardware and system engineering services.
we sell our aluminum packaging products mainly to large, multinational beverage, personal care and household products companies with which we have developed long-term relationships. this is evidenced by our high customer retention and our large number of long-term supply contracts. while we have a diversified customer base, we sell a significant portion of our packaging products to major companies and brands, as well as to numerous regional customers. the overall global aluminum beverage and aerosol container industries are growing and are expected to continue to grow in the medium to long term. the primary customers for the products and services provided by our aerospace segment are u.s. government agencies or their prime contractors.
we purchase our raw materials from relatively few suppliers. we also have exposure to inflation, in particular the rising costs of raw materials, as well as other direct cost inputs. we mitigate our exposure to the changes in the costs of aluminum through the inclusion of provisions in contracts covering the majority of our volumes to pass through aluminum price changes, as well as through the use of derivative instruments. the pass-through provisions generally result in proportional increases or decreases in sales and costs with a greatly reduced impact, if any, on net earnings. because of our customer and supplier concentration, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the loss, insolvency or bankruptcy of a major customer or supplier or a change in a supply agreement with a major customer or supplier, although our contract provisions generally mitigate the risk of customer loss, and our long-term relationships represent a known, stable customer base.
the majority of the aerospace business involves work under contracts, generally from one to five years in duration, as a prime contractor or subcontractor for various u.s. government agencies. intense competition and long operating cycles are key characteristics of the company's aerospace and defense industry where it is common for work on major programs to be shared among a number of companies. a company competing to be a prime contractor may, upon ultimate award of the contract to a competitor, become a subcontractor for the ultimate prime contracting company.
22
corporate strategy our drive for 10 vision encompasses five strategic levers that are key to growing our business and achieving long-term success. since launching drive for 10 in 2011, we have made progress on each of the levers as follows:
●   maximizing value in our existing businesses by improving efficiencies in our beverage container and end facilities in north america, south america and europe, and expanding specialty container production across our global plant network to meet current demand; leveraging plant floor systems in our beverage facilities to reduce costs and manage contractual provisions across our diverse customer base; successfully acquiring and integrating a large global aluminum beverage business while also divesting underperforming steel food and steel aerosol packaging assets in north and south america and four beverage packaging facilities in china; and in the remaining aluminum aerosol business, installing new extruded aluminum aerosol lines in our european, mexican and indian facilities while also implementing cost-out and value-in initiatives across all of our businesses;

●   expanding further into new products and capabilities through commercializing our new lightweight, infinitely recyclable aluminum cup and providing next-generation extruded aluminum aerosol packaging that utilizes proprietary technology to significantly lightweight the can; and successfully introducing new specialty beverage cans and aluminum bottle-shaping technology;

●   aligning ourselves with the right customers and markets by investing capital to meet continued growth for specialty beverage containers throughout our global network, which represent approximately 43 percent of our global beverage packaging mix; aligning with spiked seltzer and craft brewers, sparkling and still water fillers, wine producers and other new beverage producers who continue to use aluminum beverage containers to grow their business;

●   broadening our geographic reach with our acquisition of rexam and our new investments in beverage manufacturing facilities in the united states, paraguay, spain, mexico, myanmar and panama, as well as an extruded aluminum aerosol manufacturing facility in india and construction of a dedicated aluminum cup manufacturing facility in the u.s.; and

●   leveraging our technological expertise in packaging innovation, including the introduction of our new proprietary, brandable lightweight aluminum cup and providing next-generation aluminum bottle-shaping technologies and the increased production of lightweight real® containers, which utilize technology that increases the strength of aluminum used in the manufacturing process while lightweighting the can by up to 20 percent over a standard aluminum aerosol can, as well as our investment in cyber, data analytics methane monitoring, 5g and lidar capabilities to further enhance our aerospace technical expertise across a broader customer portfolio.

these ongoing business developments help us stay close to our customers while expanding and/or sustaining our industry positions and global reach with major beverage, personal care, household products and aerospace customers. in order to successfully execute our strategy and reach our goals, we realize the importance of excelling in the following areas: customer focus, operational excellence, innovation and business development, people and culture focus and sustainability.
23
results of operations management's discussion and analysis for our results of operations on a consolidated and segment basis include a quantification of factors that had a material impact. other factors that did not have a material impact, but that are significant to understand the results, are qualitatively described.
refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed february 22, 2019, for a comparison of the 2018 results of operations to the 2017 results.
consolidated sales and earnings

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                     2019            2018              2017
net sales                                                               $11,474           $11,635           $10,983
net earnings attributable to ball corporation                                 566               454               374
net earnings attributable to ball corporation as a % of net sales               5   %             4   %             3   %
sales in 2019 were $161 million lower compared to 2018 primarily as a result of selling the u.s. and argentine steel food and steel aerosol businesses, selling our china beverage packaging business, the pass through of lower aluminum prices, the conclusion of the south america segment's end sales associated with the rexam acquisition and unfavorable exchange rates for our europe segment, partially offset by higher beverage can unit volumes and higher pricing in our europe and north and central america segments and increased sales in the aerospace segment.
net earnings attributable to ball corporation in 2019 were $112 million higher than 2018 primarily due to higher beverage can unit volumes and prices, increased sales in the aerospace segment, lower selling, general and administrative expenses and lower income tax expense, partially offset by the conclusion of our south america segment's end sales agreement associated with the rexam acquisition, higher interest expense, higher business consolidation and other costs, unfavorable u.s. aluminum scrap rates and manufacturing inefficiencies experienced in our north and central america segment.
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)
cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, was $9,203 million in 2019 compared to $9,329 million in 2018. these amounts represented 80 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2019 and 2018.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense was $678 million in 2019 compared to $702 million in 2018. these amounts represented 6 percent of consolidated net sales for 2019 and 2018. amortization expense in 2019 and 2018 included $155 million and $164 million, respectively, for the amortization of acquired rexam intangibles.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses were $417 million in 2019 compared to $478 million in 2018. these amounts represented 4 percent of consolidated net sales for both years.
business consolidation costs and other activities business consolidation and other activities were $244 million in 2019 compared to $191 million in 2018. these amounts represented 2 percent of consolidated net sales for both years.
the year-over-year increase in business consolidation and other activities in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to charges related to the impairment of long-lived and other assets in saudi arabia and the sale of the china beverage packaging and argentine steel aerosol businesses, partially offset by a gain on indirect taxes in brazil.
24
interest expense total interest expense was $324 million in 2019 compared to $302 million in 2018. interest expense was higher in 2019 as compared to 2018 as the average level of debt held was higher than the preceding period. interest expense, excluding the effect of debt refinancing and other costs, as a percentage of average monthly borrowings was 4 percent in 2019 and 2018.
tax provision the company's effective tax rate is affected by recurring items such as income earned in foreign jurisdictions with tax rates that differ from the u.s. tax rate and by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year.
the 2019 effective income tax rate was 11.7 percent compared to 29.2 percent for 2018. as compared with the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the 2019 effective rate was reduced by 7.1 percent for equity compensation benefits, by 3.1 percent for various uncertain tax positions and by 1.6 percent for the impact of the u.s. r&d credit. these reductions were partially offset by an increase of 2.0 percent due to the tax on global intangible low-taxed income (gilti). while these items are expected to recur, the potential magnitude of each item is uncertain.
further details of taxes on income and the impacts of the u.s. tax reform are included in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
results of business segments segment results ball's operations are organized and reviewed by management along its product lines and geographical areas, and its operating results are presented in the four reportable segments discussed below.
beverage packaging, north and central america

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                                                2019         2018               2017
net sales                                                                                      $4,758             $4,626             $4,178
comparable operating earnings                                                                         555                551                533
business consolidation and other activities (a)                                                      (14)                (6)               (47)
amortization of acquired rexam intangibles                                                           (29)               (31)               (32)
catch-up depreciation and amortization for 2016 from finalization of rexam valuation (b)                -                  -                (6)
total segment earnings                                                                         $512               $514               $448
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales                                              12   %             12   %             13   %
(a)   further details of these items are included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.

(b)   catch-up depreciation and amortization of $6 million related to the six months ended december 31, 2016, was recorded during 2017, as a result of the finalization of fixed asset and intangible asset valuations and useful lives for the rexam acquisition.

segment sales in 2019 were $132 million higher compared to 2018. the increase in 2019 was primarily due to higher volumes of $192 million and improved customer sales mix, partially offset by the pass through of lower aluminum prices. we cannot predict the impact on sales that will result from future changes in aluminum input prices.
comparable operating earnings in 2019 were $4 million higher compared to 2018 primarily due to higher sales volumes and improved customer sales mix, partially offset by unfavorable u.s. aluminum scrap rates, increased start-up costs and operational inefficiencies.
25
beverage packaging, south america

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                                                2019         2018               2017
net sales                                                                                      $1,670             $1,701             $1,692
comparable operating earnings                                                                         288                313                333
business consolidation and other activities (a)                                                        15                 11                (5)
amortization of acquired rexam intangibles                                                           (56)               (56)               (56)
catch-up depreciation and amortization for 2016 from finalization of rexam valuation (b)                -                  -               (14)
total segment earnings                                                                         $247               $268               $258
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales                                              17   %             18   %             20   %
(a)   further details of these items are included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.

(b)   catch-up depreciation and amortization of $14 million related to the six months ended december 31, 2016, was recorded during 2017, as a result of the finalization of fixed asset and intangible asset valuations and useful lives for the rexam acquisition.

segment sales in 2019 were $31 million lower compared to 2018. the decrease in 2019 was primarily related to the pass through of lower aluminum prices, the conclusion of the end sales agreement associated with the rexam acquisition and regional price/mix, partially offset by higher can and end volumes of $132 million.
comparable operating earnings in 2019 were $25 million lower compared to 2018 primarily related to the conclusion of the end sales agreement associated with the rexam acquisition, regional price/mix and unfavorable currency exchange rates, partially offset by higher can and end volumes.
beverage packaging, europe

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                                                2019         2018               2017
net sales                                                                                      $2,651             $2,619             $2,360
comparable operating earnings                                                                         308                282                233
business consolidation and other activities (a)                                                      (39)               (49)               (89)
amortization of acquired rexam intangibles                                                           (63)               (70)               (67)
catch-up depreciation and amortization for 2016 from finalization of rexam valuation (b)                -                  -               (19)
total segment earnings                                                                         $206               $163               $58
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales                                              12   %             11   %             10   %
(a)   further details of these items are included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.

(b)   catch-up depreciation and amortization of $19 million related to the six months ended december 31, 2016, was recorded during 2017, as a result of the finalization of fixed asset and intangible asset valuations and useful lives for the rexam acquisition.

segment sales in 2019 were $32 million higher compared to 2018. the increase in 2019 was primarily due to higher sales volumes of $188 million, partially offset by unfavorable currency exchange rates of $147 million and the pass through of lower aluminum prices.
comparable operating earnings in 2019 were $26 million higher compared to 2018 primarily due to increased sales volumes, price/mix and operational efficiencies from plant network optimization, partially offset by unfavorable currency exchange rates.
26
aerospace

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                                 2019        2018              2017
net sales                                                       $1,479            $1,196            $991
comparable operating earnings                                         140               113                98
comparable operating earnings as a % of segment net sales               9   %             9   %            10   %
segment sales in 2019 were $283 million higher compared to 2018, and comparable operating earnings were $27 million higher. the increase in sales and operating earnings for 2019 was primarily the result of increases from significant u.s. national defense contracts.
sales to the u.s. government, either directly as a prime contractor or indirectly as a subcontractor, represented 98 percent of segment sales in 2019 compared to 99 percent of segment sales in 2018. the aerospace contract mix in 2019 consisted of 64 percent cost-type contracts, which are billed at our costs plus an agreed-upon and/or earned profit component, and 34 percent fixed-price contracts. the remaining sales were for time and materials contracts.
contracted backlog for the aerospace segment at december 31, 2019 and 2018, was $2.5 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively. the year-over-year increase reflects several major contract awards during 2019. the segment has numerous outstanding bids for future contract awards. the backlog at december 31, 2019, consisted of 55 percent cost-type contracts. comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of the trend of future operations due to the nature of varying delivery and milestone schedules on contracts, funding of programs and the uncertainty of timing of future contract awards.
management performance measures management internally uses various measures to evaluate company performance such as comparable operating earnings (earnings before interest, taxes and business consolidation and other non-comparable costs); comparable net earnings (earnings before business consolidation costs and other non-comparable costs after tax); comparable diluted earnings per share (comparable net earnings divided by diluted weighted average shares outstanding); return on average invested capital (net operating earnings after tax over the relevant performance period divided by average invested capital over the same period); economic value added (eva®) dollars (net operating earnings after tax less a capital charge on average invested capital employed); earnings before interest and taxes (ebit); earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda); and diluted earnings per share. management also uses free cash flow (generally defined by the company as cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures) as a measure to evaluate the company's liquidity. we believe this information is also useful to investors as it provides insight into the earnings and cash flow criteria management uses to make strategic decisions. these financial measures may be adjusted at times for items that affect comparability between periods such as business consolidation costs and gains or losses on acquisitions and dispositions.
nonfinancial measures in the packaging businesses include production efficiency and spoilage rates; quality control figures; environmental, health and safety statistics; production and sales volumes; asset utilization rates; and measures of sustainability. additional measures used to evaluate financial performance in the aerospace segment include contract revenue realization, award and incentive fees realized, proposal win rates and backlog (including awarded, contracted and funded backlog).
many of the above noted financial measurements are presented on a non-u.s. gaap basis and should be considered in connection with the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report. non-u.s. gaap measures should not be considered in isolation and should not be considered superior to, or a substitute for, financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. a presentation of earnings in accordance with u.s. gaap is available in item 8 of this annual report.
27
based on the above definitions, our calculations of comparable operating earnings, comparable net earnings, comparable diluted earnings per share and free cash flow are summarized in the tables included within item 6 of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical and significant accounting policies and new accounting pronouncements for information regarding the company's critical and significant accounting policies, as well as recent accounting pronouncements, see notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources cash flows and capital expenditures our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by operating activities and external committed borrowings. we believe that cash flows from operations, cash on hand and cash provided by short-term, long-term and committed revolver borrowings, when necessary, will be sufficient to meet our ongoing operating requirements, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, dividend payments and anticipated capital expenditures. the following table summarizes our cash flows:

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                             2019              2018                  2017
cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities (a)       $1,548              $1,566                $1,478
cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities                 (422)                 (206)                 (545)
cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities                  (46)               (1,040)               (1,073)
(a)   amounts in 2017 have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the adoption of new accounting guidance for the preparation of the statement of cash flows that was effective january 1, 2018. see notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.

cash flows provided by operations were lower in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to higher pension contributions, partially offset by higher earnings. the impact of changes in working capital on operating cash flows for 2019 was a $236 million inflow. excluding the impact of the sale of the u.s. steel food and steel aerosol packaging business in 2018 and the sale of the china beverage packaging and argentina steel aerosol businesses in 2019, our working capital movements reflect a decrease of days sales outstanding from 42 days in 2018 to 39 days in 2019 and an increase in days payable outstanding from 112 days in 2018 to 121 days in 2019.
we have entered into several regional committed and uncommitted accounts receivable factoring programs with various financial institutions for certain of our accounts receivable. programs accounted for as true sales of the receivables, without recourse to ball, had combined limits of approximately $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion at december 31, 2019, and december 31, 2018, respectively. a total of $230 million and $178 million were available for sale under these programs at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
as of december 31, 2019, approximately $921 million of our cash was held outside of the u.s. in the event that we would need to utilize any of the cash held outside of the u.s. for purposes within the u.s., there are no material legal or other economic restrictions regarding the repatriation of cash from any of the countries outside the u.s. where we have cash. the company believes its u.s. operating cash flows, cash on hand, as well as availability under its long-term, revolving credit facilities, uncommitted short-term credit facilities and committed and uncommitted accounts receivable factoring programs will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of the u.s. portion of our ongoing operations, scheduled principal and interest payments on u.s. debt, dividend payments, capital expenditures and other u.s. cash requirements. if foreign funds would be needed for our u.s. cash requirements and we are unable to provide the funds through intercompany financing arrangements, we would be required to repatriate funds from foreign locations where the company has previously asserted indefinite reinvestment of funds outside the u.s.
based on its indefinite reinvestment assertion, the company has not provided deferred taxes on earnings in certain non-u.s. subsidiaries because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in its international operations. it is not practical to estimate the additional taxes that may become payable if these earnings were remitted to the u.s.
28
share repurchases the company's share repurchases, net of issuances, totaled $945 million in 2019 and $711 million in 2018. the repurchases were completed using cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from the sale of businesses and available borrowings.
debt facilities and refinancing given our cash flow projections and unused credit facilities that are available until march 2024, our liquidity is strong and is expected to meet our ongoing cash and debt service requirements. total interest-bearing debt was $7.8 billion at december 31, 2019, compared to $6.7 billion at december 31, 2018.
in november 2019, ball issued €1.3 billion in aggregate principal amount of 1.50% and 0.875% euro-denominated senior notes for general corporate purposes.
in january 2020, ball redeemed the outstanding euro-denominated 3.50% senior notes due in 2020 in the amount of €400 million and the outstanding 4.375% senior notes due in 2020 in the amount of $1 billion.
in march, 2019, the company refinanced its existing credit facilities with a u.s. dollar term loan facility, a u.s. dollar revolving facility and a multi-currency revolving facility that mature in march 2024. the revolving facilities provide the company with up to the u.s. dollar equivalent of $1.75 billion.
in march 2018, ball issued $750 million of 4.875% senior notes and used the proceeds to repay $315 million of its term a loan, as well as outstanding multi-currency revolver and short-term credit facility borrowings.
at december 31, 2019, taking into account outstanding letters of credit, approximately $1.7 billion was available under the company's long-term, multi-currency committed revolving credit facilities, which are available until march 2024. in addition to these facilities, the company had $1 billion of short-term uncommitted credit facilities available at december 31, 2019, of which $26 million was outstanding and due on demand.
while ongoing financial and economic conditions in certain areas may raise concerns about credit risk with counterparties to derivative transactions, the company mitigates its exposure by allocating the risk among various counterparties and limiting exposure to any one party. we also monitor the credit ratings of our suppliers, customers, lenders and counterparties on a regular basis.
we were in compliance with all loan agreements at december 31, 2019, and for all prior years presented, and have met all debt payment obligations. the u.s. note agreements and bank credit agreement contain certain restrictions relating to dividends, investments, financial ratios, guarantees and the incurrence of additional indebtedness. the most restrictive of the company's debt covenants requires the company to maintain a leverage ratio (as defined) of no greater than 4.5 times at december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2019, approximately $2.2 billion of the amounts disclosed as available under the company's long-term multi-currency committed revolving facilities and short-term uncommitted credit facilities are available without violating our existing debt covenants. additional details about our debt are available in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
other liquidity measures free cash flow management internally uses a free cash flow measure to: (1) evaluate the company's liquidity, (2) evaluate strategic investments, (3) plan stock buyback and dividend levels and (4) evaluate the company's ability to incur and service debt. free cash flow is not a defined term under u.s. gaap, and it should not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is available for discretionary expenditures. the company defines free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures. free cash flow is typically derived directly from the company's consolidated statement of cash flows; however, it may be adjusted for items that affect comparability between periods.
29
based on the above definition, our consolidated free cash flow is summarized as follows:

years ended december 31,
($ in millions)                                   2019                           2018                2017
total cash provided by operating activities (a)       $1,548              $1,566              $1,478
capital expenditures                                        (598)               (816)               (556)
free cash flow (a)                                    $950                $750                $922
(a)   amounts in 2017 have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the adoption of new accounting guidance for the preparation of the statement of cash flows that was effective january 1, 2018. see notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.

based on information currently available, we estimate cash flows from operating activities for 2020 to be approximately $1.4 billion, capital expenditures to be in the range of $800 million and free cash flow to be in the range of $600 million. in 2020, we intend to utilize our operating cash flow to fund our growth capital projects, dividend payments, stock buybacks, service debt and, to the extent available, acquisitions that meet our criteria. approximately $560 million of capital expenditures was contractually committed as of december 31, 2019.
commitments cash payments required for long-term debt maturities and interest payments, rental payments under noncancellable operating leases and purchase obligations in effect at december 31, 2019, are summarized in the following table:

payments due by year (a)
($ in millions)                                 total                     2020       2021-2022          2023-2024          2025 and thereafter long-term debt (b)                              $7,857             $1,454            $752               $3,282             $2,369
interest payments on long-term debt (c)                1,077               240                448                298                          91
purchase obligations (d)                              14,091             4,625              6,378              2,714                         374
lease liabilities (e)                                    302                66                 95                 53                          88
total payments on contractual obligations       $23,327            $6,385            $7,673             $6,347             $2,922
(a)   amounts reported in local currencies have been translated at year end 2019 exchange rates.

(b)   amounts represent future cash payments due and exclude future amortization of debt issuance costs of $65 million at december 31, 2019.

(c)   for variable rate facilities, amounts are based on interest rates in effect at year end and do not contemplate the effects of any hedging instruments utilized by the company.

(d)   the company's purchase obligations include capital expenditures and contracted amounts for aluminum, steel and other direct materials. also included are commitments for purchases of natural gas and electricity, expenses related to aerospace and technologies contracts and other less significant items. in cases where variable prices and/or usage are involved, management's best estimates have been used. depending on the circumstances, early termination of the contracts may or may not result in penalties and, therefore, actual payments could vary significantly.

(e)   as of december 31, 2019, the company has manufacturing equipment leases that have not yet commenced for which the payments are not known at this time. these leases will commence in 2020 and 2021 with lease terms of 10 years.

the table above excludes $63 million of uncertain tax positions, as the ultimate timing of resolution for these matters is unknown at this time.
also excluded from the table above are contributions to the company's defined benefit pension plans, which are expected to be approximately $90 million in 2020. this estimate may change based on changes in the pension protection act, actual plan asset performance and available company cash flow, among other factors. benefit payments related to the plans are expected to be approximately $393 million, $361 million, $366 million, $370 million and $373 million for the years ending december 31, 2020 through 2024, respectively, and approximately $1.9 billion for the years ending december 31, 2025 through 2029.
30
based on changes in return on asset and discount rate assumptions, as well as revisions based on plan experience studies, total pension expense in 2020, is anticipated to be approximately $2 million higher than in 2019. a reduction of the expected return on pension assets assumption by one quarter of a percentage point would result in an increase of approximately $14 million in total 2020 pension expense, while a quarter of a percentage point reduction in the discount rate applied to the pension liability would result in an estimated $1 million increase of pension expense in 2020. additional details about our defined benefit pension plans are available in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
contingencies the company is routinely subject to litigation incident to operating its businesses, and has been designated by various federal and state environmental agencies as a potentially responsible party, along with numerous other companies, for the clean-up of several hazardous waste sites, including in respect of sites related to alleged activities of certain rexam subsidiaries. the company believes the matters identified will not have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity, results of operations or financial condition. details of the company's legal proceedings are included in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 of this annual report.
forward-looking statements this report contains "forward-looking" statements concerning future events and financial performance. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "targets," "likely," "positions" and similar expressions typically identify forward-looking statements, which are generally any statements other than statements of historical fact. such statements are based on current expectations or views of the future and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied. you should therefore not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements and any such statements should be read in conjunction with, and, qualified in their entirety by, the cautionary statements referenced below. the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. key factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be different are summarized in filings with the securities and exchange commission, including exhibit 99 in our form 10-k, which are available on our website and at www.sec.gov. additional factors that might affect: a) our packaging segments include product capacity, supply, and demand constraints and fluctuations; availability/cost of raw materials and logistics; competitive packaging, pricing and substitution; changes in climate and weather; footprint adjustments and other manufacturing changes, including the startup of new facilities and lines; failure to achieve synergies, productivity improvements or cost reductions; mandatory deposit or other restrictive packaging laws; customer and supplier consolidation; power and supply chain interruptions; potential delays and tariffs related to the u.k's departure from the eu; changes in major customer or supplier contracts or a loss of a major customer or supplier; political instability and sanctions; currency controls; changes in foreign exchange or tax rates; and tariffs, trade actions, or other governmental actions in any country affecting goods produced by us or in our supply chain, including imported raw materials, such as pursuant to section 232 of the u.s. trade expansion act of 1962 or section 301 of trade act of 1974; b) our aerospace segment include funding, authorization, availability and returns of government and commercial contracts; and delays, extensions and technical uncertainties affecting segment contracts; c) the company as a whole include those listed plus: the extent to which sustainability-related opportunities arise and can be capitalized upon; changes in senior management, succession, and the ability to attract and retain skilled labor; regulatory action or issues including tax, environmental, health and workplace safety, including u.s. fda and other actions or public concerns affecting products filled in our containers, or chemicals or substances used in raw materials or in the manufacturing process; technological developments and innovations; information technology initiatives and management of cyber-security processes; litigation; strikes; labor cost changes; rates of return on assets of the company's defined benefit retirement plans; pension changes; uncertainties surrounding geopolitical events and governmental policies both in the u.s. and in other countries, including the u.s. government elections, budget, sequestration and debt limit; reduced cash flow; interest rates affecting our debt; and successful or unsuccessful joint ventures, acquisitions and divestitures.
31
