item 1a. risk factors.
in addition to the other information in this annual report on form 10-k, stockholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors. if any of the events described below occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, future growth prospects and stock price could suffer.
if we are unable to successfully introduce new products or fail to keep pace with advances in technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we need to successfully introduce new products to achieve our strategic business objectives. product development requires substantial investment and there is inherent risk in the r&d process. a successful product development process depends on many factors, including our ability to properly anticipate and satisfy customer needs, adapt to new technologies, obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis, demonstrate satisfactory clinical results, manufacture products in an economical and timely manner and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. if we cannot successfully introduce new products or adapt to changing technologies, our products may become obsolete and our revenue and profitability could suffer.
issues with product supply or quality could have an adverse effect on our business, subject us to regulatory actions, or cause a loss of customer confidence in us or our products, among other negative consequences.
our success depends upon the availability and quality of our products. the pharmaceutical and medical products industries are competitive and subject to complex market dynamics and varying demand levels. these levels vary in response to macro-economic conditions, regulatory requirements (including the availability of private or public reimbursement), seasonality, natural disasters, epidemics and other matters. additionally, the development of new or enhanced products involves a lengthy regulatory process and is capital intensive. as a result, our ability to match our production levels and capacity to market demand is imprecise and may result in a failure to meet market demand or satisfy customer requirements for our products or, alternatively, an oversupply of inventory. failure to meet market demand may result in customers transitioning to available competitive products, loss of market share, negative publicity, reputational damage, loss of customer confidence or other negative consequences (including a decline in stock price). in the event of an oversupply, we may be forced to lower our prices, record asset impairment charges or take other actions, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, quality management plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer requirements, preventing defects, improving our products and services and assuring the safety and efficacy of our products. our future success depends on our ability to maintain and continuously improve our quality management program. while we have a quality system that covers the lifecycle of our products, quality and safety issues have and may in the future occur with respect to our products. a quality or safety issue may result in adverse inspection reports, voluntary or official action indicated, warning letters, import bans, product recalls (either voluntary or required by fda or similar governmental authorities in other countries) or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, costly litigation, refusal of a government to grant approvals and licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses. an inability to address a quality or safety issue in an effective and timely manner may also cause negative publicity, a loss of customer confidence in us or our current or future products, which may result in the loss of sales and difficulty in successfully launching new products. additionally, baxter has made and continues to make significant investments in assets, including inventory and property, plant and equipment, which relate to potential new products or modifications to existing products. product quality or safety issues may restrict us from being able to realize the expected returns from these investments, potentially resulting in asset impairments in the future.
unaffiliated third party suppliers provide a number of goods and services to our r&d, clinical and manufacturing organizations. third party suppliers are required to comply with our quality standards. failure of a third party supplier to provide compliant raw materials or supplies could result in delays, service interruptions or other quality related issues that may negatively impact our business results.
for more information on regulatory matters currently affecting us, including quality-related matters, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled "certain regulatory matters" in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k.
if we are unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or for a cost-effective price or if we experience other manufacturing, sterilization or supply difficulties, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
the manufacture of our products requires, among other things, the timely supply or delivery of sufficient amounts of quality components and materials. we manufacture our products in approximately 50 manufacturing facilities around the world. we acquire our components, materials and other requirements for manufacturing from many suppliers and vendors in various countries, including sometimes from ourselves for self-supplied requirements. we endeavor, either alone or working closely with our suppliers, to ensure the continuity of our inputs and supplies but we cannot guarantee these efforts will always be successful. further, while efforts are made to diversify certain of our sources of components and materials, in certain instances there is only a sole source or supplier with no alternatives yet identified. for most of our components and materials for which a single source or supplier is used, alternative sources or suppliers may exist, but we have made a strategic determination to use the single source or supplier. although we do carry strategic inventory and maintain insurance to help mitigate the potential risk related to any related supply disruption, there can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient or effective. a reduction or interruption in supply and an inability to quickly develop acceptable alternative sources for such supply, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and distribute our products in a timely or cost-effective manner, and our ability to make product sales. additionally, volatility in our costs of energy, transportation/freight, components, raw materials and other supply, manufacturing and distribution costs could adversely affect our results of operations. climate change (including laws or regulations passed in response thereto) could increase our costs, in particular our costs of supply, energy and transportation/freight. material or sustained increases in the price of oil could have an adverse impact on the cost of many of the plastic materials we use to make and package our products, as well as our transportation/freight costs. these outcomes may in turn result in customers transitioning to available competitive products, loss of market share, negative publicity, reputational damage, loss of customer confidence or other negative consequences (including a decline in stock price).
many of our products are difficult to manufacture. this is due to the complex nature of manufacturing pharmaceuticals, including biologics, and devices, as well as the strict regulatory regime governing our manufacturing operations. variations in the manufacturing process may result in production failures which could lead to launch delays, product shortage, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. a failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to our customers may also result in a quality or safety issue of the type discussed above.
some of our products are manufactured at a single manufacturing facility or stored at a single storage site. loss or damage to a manufacturing facility or storage site due to a natural disaster, such as we experienced as a result of hurricane maria, or otherwise could adversely affect our ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of key products or deliver products to meet customer demand or contractual requirements which may result in a loss of revenue and other adverse business consequences (including those identified in the paragraphs above). our manufacturing capacity may also be adversely affected by public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19), as a result of which we may be unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or at a cost-effective price. although we have not experienced significant manufacturing or supply difficulties as a result of covid-19, the degree and duration of disruptions to business activity are unknown at this time. in addition, several of our manufacturing facilities are leased and we may not be able to renew leases on favorable terms or at all. because of the time required to approve and license a manufacturing facility, a third party manufacturer may not be available on a timely basis (if at all) to replace production capacity in the event we lose manufacturing capacity or products are otherwise unavailable. any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
some of our products require sterilization prior to sale or distribution, and we utilize both baxter-owned and third-party facilities for this process. if an event occurs that results in damage to or closure, whether temporarily or permanent, of one or more of these facilities, we may be unable to manufacture or sterilize the relevant products at prior levels or at all, and a third party may not be available on a timely basis (if at all) to replace sterilization capacity. for example, in february 2020, certain air emission control technology used to reduce ethylene oxide emissions from sterilization equipment at our facility in mountain home, arkansas, was tested and determined not to operate in accordance with applicable emission limitations in our state-issued air permit. although we received a temporary variance and have recommenced operations, these events or other disruptions of manufacturing or sterilization processes that we or third parties may experience, whether due to lack of capacity, environmental, regulatory or compliance issues or otherwise, could result in product shortage, unanticipated costs, loss of revenues, litigation and damage to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and subject to privacy and security laws, and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cyber security breaches and data leakage.
we increasingly rely upon technology systems and infrastructure, including support provided by our partners and third parties, to support our business, our products and our customers. for example, we routinely rely on our technology systems and infrastructure to aid us in the collection, use, storage and transfer, disclosure and other processing of voluminous amounts of data including confidential, business, financial, personal, patient and other sensitive information (collectively, confidential information). we also rely on systems for manufacturing, customer orders, shipping, regulatory compliance and various other matters. certain of our products and systems collect data regarding patients and their therapy and some are internet enabled or connect to our systems for maintenance and other purposes.
additionally, the legal and regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the imposition of new and changing requirements across businesses. we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing legal and regulatory requirements that govern the collection, use, storage, security, transfer, disclosure and other processing of personal data in the united states and in other countries, including, but not limited to, the health insurance portability and accountability act, as amended, the health information technology for economic and clinical health act (hipaa), the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), and the european union's general data protection regulation (gdpr). the gdpr imposes stringent european union data protection requirements and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. hipaa also imposes stringent data privacy and security requirements and the regulatory authority has imposed significant fines and penalties on organizations found to be out of compliance. ccpa provides consumers with a private right of action against companies who have a security breach due to lack of appropriate security measures. we or our third-party providers and business partners may also be subjected to audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to compliance with information security and privacy laws and regulations, and noncompliance with the laws and regulations could result in substantial and material fines or class action litigation. the increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, and reliance on third parties creates additional opportunities for the unintentional, intentional and/or unauthorized exposure, dissemination and/or destruction of confidential information stored in our devices, systems, servers, infrastructure and products (collectively, technology). security threats, including cyber and other attacks, are becoming increasingly sophisticated, frequent, and adaptive. our technology (and that of third parties that we use) is vulnerable to breakdown, interruption, cyber and other security attacks, system malfunction, unauthorized access, inadvertent exposure or disclosure of information, theft and other events. any such vulnerability could compromise our technology and could expose confidential information to unauthorized third parties and/or cause permanent loss of such data. in addition to loss of confidential information, unauthorized access to or interference with our technology may cause product functionality issues that may result in risk to patient safety, field actions and/or product recalls. we have, like other large multi-national companies, experienced cyber incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. although the prior incidents have not had a material effect on our business and we have invested and continue to invest in the protection of data and technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns, attacks, breaches in our technology, cyber incidents or other incidents or ensure compliance with all applicable security and privacy laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third party service providers that host or process confidential information on our behalf. such incidents could result in unauthorized access to patient data and other confidential information and could pose a risk to patient safety. any failure to protect against such incidents can lead to substantial and material regulatory fines and penalties, business disruption, reputational harm, financial loss, litigation as well as other damages. misappropriation or other loss of our intellectual property from any of the foregoing may have an adverse effect on our competitive position and may cause us to incur substantial litigation costs. we could also suffer strained relationships with customers and business partners, increased costs (for security measures, remediation or otherwise), litigation (including class actions and stockholder derivative actions) or other negative consequences (including a decline in stock price) from breaches, cyber and other security attacks, industrial espionage, ransomware, email or phishing scams, malware or other cyber incidents, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers or other business partners.
in addition, significant implementation issues may arise as we continue to consolidate and outsource certain computer operations and application support activities. we also face all of the same risks listed above and other heightened risks when acquiring a company, in particular if we need to transition or implement certain processes or controls with the acquired company.
we identified certain misstatements to our previously issued financial statements and have restated the financial statements described below, which has exposed us to a number of additional risks and uncertainties.
as discussed in the explanatory note, in note 2, restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements, and in note 19, quarterly financial data (unaudited) in this annual report on form 10-k, we restated our previously issued audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2018 and for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, unaudited interim financial information as of and for the quarterly periods ended june 30, 2019, march 31, 2019, december 31, 2018, june 30, 2018 and march 31, 2018, for the six months ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, and as of september 30, 2018 within the notes to the financial statements, and unaudited selected financial data as of december 31, 2017 and as of and for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 within item 6, selected financial data. in our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarterly period ended september 30, 2019, we also restated our unaudited financial statements for the quarterly and year-to-date periods ended september 30, 2018. we concluded that these previous periods should be restated to correct misstatements of certain foreign exchange gains and losses from foreign currency denominated intra-company loan receivables and payables, cash balances and gains and losses from foreign currency derivative contracts, which we determined were material to these periods. the restatement also included corrections for certain items, including items that affect operating income and operating cash flows, that were immaterial, individually and in the aggregate, to our previously issued financial statements.
as a result of the misstatements and the restatement, we have become subject to a number of additional risks and uncertainties and unanticipated costs for accounting, legal and other fees and expenses, including as a result of a pending class-action lawsuit and a stockholder request for inspection of our books and records. as initially disclosed on october 24, 2019, we also voluntarily advised the staff of the sec of our previously disclosed internal investigation and we are continuing to cooperate with the staff of the sec. we may become subject to enforcement proceedings brought by the sec or other regulatory or governmental authorities, or subject to other legal proceedings, as a result of the events leading to our internal investigation, the misstatements or the related restatement, and actions and proceedings could also be brought against our current and former employees, officers, or directors. these actions, lawsuits or other legal proceedings related to the misstatements or the restatement could result in reputational harm, additional defense and other costs, regardless of the outcome of the lawsuit or proceeding. if we do not prevail in any such lawsuit or proceeding, we could be subject to substantial damages or settlement costs, criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, disgorgement, civil and criminal fines and penalties. in addition, we continue to be at risk for loss of investor confidence, loss of key employees, changes in management or our board of directors and other reputational issues, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. if we are unable to remediate the material weakness, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future, our business may be harmed.
our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and reporting on the effectiveness of our system of internal control. our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with u.s. gaap. as a public company, we are required to comply with the sarbanes-oxley act and other rules that govern public companies. in particular, we are required to certify our compliance with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act, which requires us to furnish annually a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. in addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2019 and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of december 31, 2019 due to the material weakness related to the accounting for certain foreign exchange gains and losses. specifically, we did not have controls in place to monitor and quantify the difference between the foreign exchange gains and losses that we reported and the foreign exchange gains and losses that we would have reported using exchange rates determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. additionally, our policies and controls related to approvals and monitoring of intra-company transactions were insufficient to prevent or detect intra-company transactions undertaken solely for the purpose of generating foreign exchange gains or avoiding losses under our historical exchange rate convention. we have taken and continue to take remedial steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. for further discussion of the material weakness identified and our remedial efforts, see item 9a, controls and procedures.
remediation efforts place a significant burden on management and add increased pressure to our financial resources and processes. if we are unable to successfully remediate our existing material weakness or any additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that may be identified in the future in a timely manner, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected; our liquidity, our access to capital markets, the perceptions of our creditworthiness and our ability to complete acquisitions may be adversely affected; we may be unable to maintain or regain compliance with applicable securities laws, the listing requirements of the new york stock exchange and the covenants under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements regarding the timely filing of periodic reports; we may be subject to regulatory investigations and penalties; investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting; our reputation may be harmed; we may suffer defaults, accelerations or cross-accelerations under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements to the extent we are unable to obtain additional waivers from the required creditors or counterparties or are unable to cure any breaches; and our stock price may decline.
our failure to prepare and timely file our periodic reports with the sec limits our access to the public markets to raise debt or equity capital.
we did not file our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarterly period ended september 30, 2019 within the timeframe required by the sec; thus, we have not remained current in our reporting requirements with the sec. although we regained status as a current filer on march 17, 2020 by filing this annual report on form 10-k (within the extended time period provided for by rule 12b-25) and our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarterly period ended september 30, 2019, we are not currently eligible to use a registration statement on form s-3 that would allow us to continuously incorporate by reference our sec reports into the registration statement, or to use "shelf" registration statements to conduct offerings, until approximately one year from the date we regained and maintain status as a current filer. if we wish to pursue an offering now, we would be required to conduct the offering on an exempt basis, such as in accordance with rule 144a, or file a registration statement on form s-1. using a form s-1 registration statement for a public offering would likely take significantly longer than using a registration statement on form s-3 and increase our transaction costs, and could, to the extent we are not able to conduct offerings using alternative methods, adversely impact our ability to raise capital or complete acquisitions of other companies in a timely manner.
we are subject to a number of existing laws and regulations, non-compliance with which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we are susceptible to a changing regulatory environment.
as a participant in the healthcare industry, our operations and products, and those of our customers, are regulated by numerous government agencies, both inside and outside the united states. the impact of this on us is direct to the extent we are subject to these laws and regulations, and indirect in that in a number of situations, even though we may not be directly regulated by specific healthcare laws and regulations, our products must be capable of being used by our customers in a manner that complies with those laws and regulations.
the manufacture, distribution, marketing and use of our products are subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny by fda and other regulatory authorities globally. any new product must undergo lengthy and rigorous testing and other extensive, costly and time-consuming procedures mandated by fda and foreign regulatory authorities. the same testing and procedures sometimes apply to current products that are up for authorization or renewal or are subject to changes in laws or regulations (for example certain of our medical devices will have to comply with the new european union medical device regulation). changes to current products may be subject to vigorous review, including additional 510(k) and other regulatory submissions, and approvals or the time needed to secure approvals are not certain. our facilities must be approved and licensed prior to production and remain subject to inspection from time to time thereafter. failure to comply with the requirements of fda or other regulatory authorities, including a failed inspection or a failure in our adverse event reporting system, could result in adverse inspection reports, voluntary or official action indicated, warning letters, import bans, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, reputational damage, injunctions to halt the manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, refusal of a government to grant approvals or licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses. any of these actions could cause a loss of customer confidence in us and our products, which could adversely affect our sales. the requirements of regulatory authorities, including interpretative guidance, are subject to change and compliance with additional or changing requirements or interpretative guidance may subject us to further review, result in product launch delays or otherwise increase our costs. for information on current regulatory issues affecting us, please refer to the caption entitled "certain regulatory matters" in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k. in connection with these issues, there can be no assurance that additional costs or civil and criminal penalties will not be incurred, that additional regulatory actions with respect to us will not occur, that we will not face civil claims for damages from purchasers or users, that substantial additional charges or significant asset impairments may not be required, that sales of other products may not be adversely affected, or that additional regulation will not be introduced that may adversely affect our operations and consolidated financial statements.
the sales, marketing and pricing of products and relationships that pharmaceutical and medical device companies have with healthcare providers are under increased scrutiny by federal, state and foreign government agencies. compliance with the anti-kickback statute, false claims act, food, drug and cosmetic act (including as these laws relate to off-label promotion of products) and other healthcare related laws, as well as competition, data and patient privacy and export and import laws, is under increased focus by the agencies charged with overseeing such activities, including fda, oig, doj and the federal trade commission. the doj and the securities and exchange commission have also increased their focus on the enforcement of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), particularly as it relates to the conduct of pharmaceutical and medical product companies. the fcpa and similar anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. healthcare professionals in many countries are employed by the government and consequently may be considered government officials. foreign governments have also increased their scrutiny of pharmaceutical and medical product companies' sales and marketing activities and relationships with healthcare providers and competitive practices generally. the laws and standards governing the promotion, pricing, sale and reimbursement of our products and those governing our relationships with healthcare providers and governments, including the sunshine act enacted under the patient protection and affordable care act (as amended, the ppaca), can be complicated, are subject to frequent change and may be violated unknowingly.
additionally, the u.s. department of the treasury's office of foreign control and the bureau of industry and security at the u.s. department of commerce administer laws and regulations that restrict u.s. persons and, in some instances, non-u.s. persons, in conducting activities, transacting business or making investments in certain countries, or with governments, entities and individuals subject to u.s. economic sanctions. from time to time, certain of our subsidiaries have limited business dealings with countries subject to these sanctions, including iran, sudan, syria, russia and cuba. these dealings represent an insignificant amount of our consolidated revenues and income but expose us to an increased risk of operating in these countries, including foreign exchange risks or restrictions or limitations on our ability to access funds generated in these jurisdictions, or the risk of violating applicable sanctions or regulations, which are complex and subject to frequent change. additional restrictions may be enacted, enforced or interpreted in a way that may adversely affect our operations.
we have compliance programs in place, including policies, training and various forms of monitoring, designed to address the risks discussed above. nonetheless, these programs and policies may not always protect us from conduct by individual employees that violate these laws. violations or allegations of violations of these laws may result in large civil and criminal penalties, debarment from participating in government programs, diversion of management time, attention and resources and may otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for more information related to our ongoing government investigations, please refer to note 9 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the laws and regulations discussed above are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial cost associated with compliance or to alter one or more of our sales and marketing practices and may subject us to enforcement actions or litigation which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if reimbursement or other payment for our current or future products is reduced or modified in the united states or in foreign countries, including through the implementation or repeal of government-sponsored healthcare reform or other similar actions, cost containment measures, or changes to policies with respect to pricing, taxation or rebates, our business could suffer.
sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of our products are paid by both public and private payers. these payers include medicare, medicaid, and private healthcare insurers in the united states and foreign governments and third-party payers outside the united states. our work with government payers carries various risks inherent in working with government entities and agencies, including government reporting and auditing, additional regulatory oversight, mandated contractual terms, failure of government appropriations or other complex procedural requirements.
public and private payers are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. we may continue to experience downward pricing pressures from any or all of these payers which could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operational results.
global efforts toward healthcare cost containment continue to exert pressure on product pricing. governments around the world use various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, such as price controls, the formation of public contracting authorities, product formularies, which are lists of recommended or approved products, and competitive tenders which require the submission of a bid to sell products. sales of our products are dependent, in part, on the availability of reimbursement by government agencies and healthcare programs, as well as insurance companies and other private payers. in much of europe, latin america, asia and australia, for example, the government provides healthcare at low cost to patients, and controls its expenditures by purchasing products through public tenders, collective purchasing, regulating prices, setting reference prices in public tenders or limiting reimbursement or patient access to certain products. additionally, austerity measures or other reforms by foreign governments may limit, reduce or eliminate payments for our products and adversely affect both pricing flexibility and demand for our products.
the ppaca includes several provisions which impact our businesses in the united states, including increased medicaid rebates and an expansion of the 340b drug pricing program which provides certain qualified entities, such as hospitals serving disadvantaged populations, with discounts on the purchase of drugs for outpatient use and an excise tax on the sale of certain drugs. the ppaca reduces medicare and medicaid payments to hospitals and other providers, which may cause us to experience downward pricing pressure. certain portions of the ppaca could negatively impact the demand for our products, and therefore our results of operations and financial position.
the eventual impact of the current u.s. presidential administration on coverage, reimbursement and other matters related to the ppaca and/or healthcare reform in general, remains uncertain. following an executive order from president donald trump, the u.s. department of health and human services announced the launch of a new kidney health initiative. proposed regulatory changes in kidney health policy and reimbursement may substantially change the u.s. end stage renal disease market and could impact demand for our peritoneal dialysis products, necessitating significant multi-year capital expenditures. any such changes and the corresponding impact and related expenses are difficult to estimate in advance.
in addition, a substantial portion of our revenues is dependent on federal healthcare program reimbursement, and any disruptions in federal government operations, including a federal government shutdown or failure of the u.s. government to enact annual appropriations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. additionally, disruptions in federal government operations may negatively impact regulatory approvals and guidance that are important to our operations, and create uncertainty about the pace of upcoming healthcare regulatory developments or approvals.
as a result of these and other measures, including future measures or reforms that cannot be predicted, reimbursement may not be available or sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a competitive basis. legislation and regulations affecting reimbursement for our products may change at any time and in ways that may be adverse to us. we cannot predict the impact of these pressures and initiatives, or any negative effects of any additional regulations that may affect our business.
there is substantial competition in the product markets in which we operate.
although no single company competes with us in all of our businesses, we face substantial competition in all of our markets from international and domestic healthcare and pharmaceutical companies and providers of all sizes, and these competitors often differ across our businesses. competition is primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, price, service, product performance, and technological innovation.
competition may increase further as additional companies begin to enter our markets or modify their existing products to compete directly with ours. if our competitors respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or we do not introduce new versions or upgrades to our product portfolio in response to those requirements, our products may be rendered obsolete or non-competitive. if our competitors develop more effective or affordable products, or achieve earlier patent protection or product commercialization than we do, our business, financial condition and operations will likely be negatively affected. if we are forced to reduce our prices due to increased competition, our business could become less profitable. our sales could be adversely affected if any of our contracts with gpos, idns or other customers are terminated due to increased competition or otherwise.
in addition, many health care industry companies, including health care systems, distributors, manufacturers, providers, and insurers, are consolidating or have formed strategic alliances. as the health care industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry participants will become more intense. further, this consolidation creates larger enterprises with greater negotiating power, which they can use to negotiate price concessions. if we face an increase in costs or must reduce our prices because of industry consolidation, or if we lose customers as a result of consolidation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if our business development activities are unsuccessful, we may not realize the intended benefits.
we expect to continue to engage in business development activities, including evaluating acquisitions, joint development opportunities, technology licensing arrangements and other opportunities. these activities may result in substantial investment of our resources. our success developing products or expanding into new markets from such activities will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to find suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance; competition from other companies in the industries in which we operate that are seeking similar opportunities; whether we are able to complete an acquisition, investment or alliance on terms that are satisfactory to us; the strength of the other company's underlying technology, products and ability to execute its business strategies; any intellectual property and litigation related to the other company's products or technology; and our ability to successfully integrate the acquired company, business, product, technology or research into our existing operations, including the ability to adequately fund acquired in-process r&d projects and to maintain adequate controls over the combined operations. certain of these activities are subject to antitrust and competition laws, which laws could impact our ability to pursue strategic transactions and could result in mandated divestitures in the context of proposed acquisitions. if we are unsuccessful in our business development activities, we may not realize the intended benefits of such activities, including that acquisition and integration costs may be greater than expected or the possibility that expected return on investment, synergies and accretion will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframes.
for more information on recent business development activities, see note 4 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
if we are unable to protect our patents or other proprietary rights, or if we infringe the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged.
patent and other proprietary rights are essential to our business. our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and enforce patents and licenses to patent rights, both in the united states and in other countries. we cannot guarantee that pending patent applications will result in issued patents, that patents issued or licensed will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, that our patents will not be found to be invalid or that the intellectual property rights of others will not prevent us from selling certain products or including key features in our products.
the patent position of a healthcare company is often uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions. significant litigation concerning patents and products is pervasive in our industry. patent claims include challenges to the coverage and validity of our patents on products or processes as well as allegations that our products infringe patents held by competitors or other third parties. an unfavorable litigation outcome in any of these types of cases could result in a loss of patent protection or the ability to market products, which could lead to a significant loss of sales, or otherwise materially affect future results of operations. we also rely on trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and know-how to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive positions. third parties may know, discover or independently develop equivalent proprietary information or techniques, or they may gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our trade secrets to the public.
although our employees, consultants, parties to collaboration agreements and other business partners are generally subject to confidentiality or similar agreements to protect our confidential and proprietary information, these agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. to the extent that our employees, consultants, parties to collaboration agreements and other business partners use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions.
furthermore, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive company data is potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation from system malfunction, computer viruses, unauthorized access to our data or misappropriation or misuse thereof by those with permitted access and other events. while we have invested to protect our intellectual property, confidential information and other data, and continue to work diligently in this area, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber incidents or other events. such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
misappropriation or other loss of our intellectual property from any of the foregoing would have an adverse effect on our competitive position and may cause us to incur substantial litigation costs.
we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally.
our operations are subject to risks inherent in conducting business globally and under the laws, regulations and customs of various jurisdictions and geographies. these risks include changes in exchange controls and other governmental actions, loss of business in government and public tenders that are held annually in many cases, increasingly complex labor environments, availability of raw materials, changes in taxation, tariffs, export control restrictions, changes in or violations of u.s. or local laws, including the fcpa, the united kingdom bribery act, gdpr and other data privacy laws, dependence on a few government entities as customers, pricing restrictions, economic and political instability, monetary or currency volatility or instability (including as it relates to the u.s. dollar, the euro, the yuan and currencies in emerging market countries), disputes between countries, trade relationships and conflicts, diminished or insufficient protection of intellectual property, and disruption or destruction of operations in a significant geographic region regardless of cause, including natural disaster, pandemic, power loss, cyber-attack, data breach, war, terrorism, riot, labor disruption, civil insurrection or social unrest. failure to comply with, or material changes to, the laws and regulations that affect our global operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the united kingdom's (uk) withdrawal from the european union (eu) (commonly known as brexit) effective january 31, 2020 and subsequent transition period through december 31, 2020 continues to create uncertainties affecting business operations in the eu. the withdrawal by the uk from the eu, particularly if the transition period expires without a trade agreement between the uk and the eu, could result in the deterioration of economic conditions, volatility in currency exchange rates, and increased regulatory complexities, as well as the potential for product shortages, increased costs or other similar effects. these outcomes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the novel strain of coronavirus that recently originated in china.
our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the novel strain of coronavirus that recently originated in china (covid-19). covid-19 may have an adverse impact on our operations, supply chains and distribution systems and increase our expenses, including as a result of impacts associated with preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses and governments are taking. due to these impacts and measures, we may experience significant and unpredictable reductions or increases in demand for certain of our products as health care customers re-prioritize the treatment of patients. for example, elective surgeries are being de-prioritized which will negatively impact the usage of certain of our products, while other of our products are experiencing an increase in demand which we may not be able to meet in accordance with the customer's desired timing. in addition to existing travel restrictions, countries may close borders, impose prolonged quarantines, and further restrict travel, which may significantly impact the ability of our employees to get to their places of work to produce products, or may significantly hamper our products from moving through the supply chain. as a result, while the financial impact on us has not been significant to date, given the rapid and evolving nature of the virus, covid-19 could negatively affect our sales, and it is uncertain how covid-19 will affect our global operations generally if these impacts persist or exacerbate over an extended period of time. any of these impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for further discussion, see the risk factor entitled "-if we are unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or for a cost-effective price or if we experience other manufacturing, sterilization or supply difficulties, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected."
changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and liquidity.
we generate the majority of our revenue and profit outside the united states. as a result, our financial results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or our ability to mitigate these risks. we may experience additional volatility as a result of inflationary pressures and other macroeconomic factors, including in emerging market countries. we are also exposed to changes in interest rates, and our ability to access the money markets and capital markets could be impeded if market conditions are not favorable. a discussion of the financial impact of foreign exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, and the ways and extent to which we attempt to mitigate such impact is contained under the caption "financial instrument market risk" in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities may have a negative impact on our operating results.
changes to the tax laws in the united states or other countries in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our operating results. in particular, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 and the regulations issued thereunder (collectively, 2017 tax act), including, among other things, certain changes in tax rates, deductibility of interest, deductibility of executive compensation expense, expensing of capital expenditures, the ability to use certain tax credits, taxation on earnings from international business operations, and the treatment of deductible payments made by our u.s. affiliates to our foreign affiliates could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. in certain instances, the 2017 tax act could have a negative effect on our tax rate and the carrying value of tax balances. any of these changes could adversely affect our financial performance. there remains some uncertainty regarding the implementation of the 2017 tax act and its impact on us. we cannot currently predict the full impact that the 2017 tax act may have over time on our business, including revenues, profit margins, profitability, operating cash flows and results of operations. for more information regarding the impact of the 2017 tax act, see note 14 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. similarly, the outcome of various initiatives currently being undertaken by the organization of economic cooperation and development could significantly impact how we allocate profits across multiple jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our global tax obligations.
taxing authorities may audit us from time to time and disagree with certain positions we have taken in respect of our tax liabilities. our tax liabilities are affected by many factors, including the amounts we charge in intra-company transactions for inventory, services, licenses, funding and other items, which are subject to the use of assumptions and judgment. because we operate in multiple income tax jurisdictions both inside and outside the united states, cross border transactions among our affiliates are a significant part of the manner in which we operate. although we believe that we transact intra-company business in accordance with arm's-length principles, tax authorities may disagree with our intra-company charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters, and may assess additional taxes as a result, including in connection with their review of the restated financial statements we have filed as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. however, we may not accurately predict the outcome of these audits and, as a result, the actual outcome of these audits may have an adverse impact on our financial results. for more information on ongoing audits, see note 14 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
if we fail to attract and retain key employees our business may suffer.
our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract and retain key employees, including people in senior management, sales, marketing, information technology and r&d positions. competition for top talent in the healthcare industry can be intense. our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including hiring practices of our competitors, compensation and benefits, work location, work environment and industry economic conditions. if we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified employees, our business could suffer.
we are party to a number of pending lawsuits and other disputes which may have an adverse impact on our business, operations or financial condition.
we are party to a number of pending lawsuits, settlement discussions, mediations, arbitrations and other disputes. in addition, in the future we may be party to such disputes, including patent, product liability or other lawsuits. these current and future matters may result in a loss of patent protection, reduced revenue, incurrence of significant liabilities and diversion of our management's time, attention and resources. given the uncertain nature of litigation and other disputes generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome in these current matters. in view of these uncertainties, the outcome of these matters may result in charges in excess of any established reserves, and, to the extent available, liability insurance. we also continue to be self-insured with respect to product liability claims. the absence of third-party insurance coverage for current or future claims increases our potential exposure to unanticipated claims and adverse decisions. protracted litigation and other disputes, including any adverse outcomes, may have an adverse impact on our business, operations or financial condition. even claims without merit could subject us to adverse publicity and require us to incur significant legal fees. see note 9 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information regarding current lawsuits.
our operating results and financial condition may fluctuate.
our operating results and financial condition may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year for a number of reasons. events, such as a delay in product development, changes to our expectations or strategy or even a relatively small revenue shortfall may cause financial results for a period to be below our expectations or projections. as a result, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful, and these comparisons should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. our operating results and financial condition are also subject to fluctuation from all of the risks described throughout this section. these fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and our stock price.
we may not achieve our financial goals.
since the spin-off of baxalta, we have been executing on plans to enhance profitability and returns for our stockholders. we continue to evaluate and refine both our short-term and long-term financial objectives. our strategy to achieve these objectives is focused on strengthening our portfolio and extending our impact through transformative innovation that spans prevention to recovery. as part of this strategy, we will be investing in portfolio innovation and market development and entering adjacencies while continuing to drive operational excellence through ongoing business transformation efforts and organization optimization. we will also look to unlock additional value through strategic capital deployment. we may fail to achieve our targeted financial results if we are unsuccessful in implementing our strategies, our estimates or assumptions change or for any other reason. our failure to achieve our financial goals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
future material impairments in the value of our long-lived assets, including goodwill, could negatively affect our operating results.
we regularly review our long-lived assets, including identifiable intangible assets, goodwill (which results from our acquisition activity) and property, plant and equipment, for impairment. goodwill and acquired indefinite life intangible assets are subject to impairment review on an annual basis and whenever potential impairment indicators are present. other long-lived assets are reviewed when there is an indication that impairment may have occurred. changes in market conditions or other changes in the future outlook of value may lead to impairment charges in the future. in addition, we may from time to time sell assets that we determine are not critical to our strategy, including in connection with certain strategic exits. future events or decisions may lead to asset impairments and/or related charges. certain non-cash impairments may result from a change in our strategic goals, business direction or other factors relating to the overall business environment. material impairment charges could negatively affect our results of operations. for more information on the valuation and impairment of long-lived assets, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled "critical accounting policies" in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k.
current or worsening economic conditions may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
our ability to generate cash flows from operations could be affected if there is a material decline in the demand for our products, in the solvency of our customers or suppliers, or deterioration in our key financial ratios or credit ratings. current or worsening economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our customers (including governments) to pay for our products and services, and the amount spent on healthcare generally. this could result in a decrease in the demand for our products and services, declining cash flows, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. these conditions may also adversely affect certain of our suppliers, which could cause a disruption in our ability to produce our products. we continue to do business with foreign governments in certain countries, including greece, spain, portugal, and italy, which have experienced deterioration in credit and economic conditions. while global economic conditions have not significantly impacted our ability to collect receivables, liquidity issues in certain countries have resulted, and may continue to result, in delays in the collection of receivables and credit losses. these conditions may also impact the stability of the u.s. dollar, euro or yuan.
we may incur operational difficulties or be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the separation and distribution of baxalta.
on july 1, 2015, we distributed approximately 80.5% of the outstanding shares of baxalta common stock to baxter stockholders in connection with the separation of our biopharmaceuticals business. we disposed of our remaining 19.5% stake in baxalta (retained shares) in 2016, in connection with a series of transactions, including debt-for-equity exchanges, an equity-for-equity exchange and a contribution to our u.s. pension plan (retained shares transactions). shire plc (shire) acquired baxalta in june 2016, after completion of the last retained shares transaction, and in january 2019, takeda pharmaceutical company limited (takeda) acquired shire. in connection with the july 2015 distribution, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements (including a tax matters agreement, a long-term services agreement, a manufacturing and supply agreement, a trademark license agreement, a galaxy license agreement, an international commercial operations agreement and certain other commercial agreements) with baxalta. these agreements govern the separation and distribution and the relationship between the companies going forward, including with respect to potential tax-related losses associated with the separation and distribution and the retained shares transactions. they also provide for the performance of services by each company for the benefit of the other for a period of time (including under the manufacturing and supply agreement pursuant to which shire now manufactures and sells certain products and materials to us).
the separation and distribution agreement provides for indemnification obligations designed to make baxalta financially responsible for many liabilities that may exist relating to its business activities, whether incurred prior to or after the distribution, including any pending or future litigation. in addition, the separation and distribution agreement provides for certain indemnification obligations of baxter, which may be significant. it is possible that a court would disregard the allocation agreed to between us and baxalta and require us to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to baxalta. third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of these liabilities or obligations, and we may be unsuccessful in obtaining indemnification or the indemnity rights we have under the separation and distribution agreement may not be sufficient to fully cover all of these liabilities and obligations. even if we are successful in obtaining indemnification, we may have to bear costs. these risks could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the separation and distribution of baxalta continues to involve a number of risks, including, among other things, the indemnification risks described above. certain of the agreements described above provide for the performance of services by each company for the benefit of the other for a period of time. takeda may elect to extend the term for which we provide services to baxalta under these agreements. if baxalta is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur losses. these arrangements could also lead to disputes over rights to certain shared property and over the allocation of costs and revenues for products and operations.
there could be significant liability if the separation and distribution or any retained shares transaction is determined to be a taxable transaction. baxalta has indemnified us for certain potential liabilities that may arise, and such indemnification obligation is guaranteed by shire, but baxalta and shire may be unable to satisfy their indemnification obligations to us in the future.
the separation and distribution and the retained shares transactions (collectively, the baxter transactions) qualify for tax-free treatment to baxter and its stockholders under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the code). completion of the separation and distribution was conditioned upon, among other things, the receipt of a private letter ruling from the irs regarding certain issues relating to the tax-free treatment of the baxter transactions. although the irs private letter ruling is generally binding on the irs, the continuing validity of such ruling is subject to the accuracy of factual representations and assumptions made in the ruling. completion of the distribution was also conditioned upon baxter's receipt of a tax opinion from kpmg llp regarding certain aspects of the baxalta separation not covered by the irs private letter ruling. the opinion was based upon various factual representations and assumptions, as well as certain undertakings made by baxter and baxalta. if any of the factual representations or assumptions in the irs private letter ruling or tax opinion is untrue or incomplete in any material respect, if any undertaking is not complied with, or if the facts upon which the irs private letter ruling or tax opinion are based are materially different from the actual facts relating to the baxter transactions, the opinion or irs private letter ruling may not be valid. moreover, opinions of a tax advisor are not binding on the irs. as a result, the conclusions expressed in the opinion of a tax advisor could be successfully challenged by the irs.
if the baxter transactions are determined to be taxable, baxter and its stockholders could incur significant tax liabilities. pursuant to the tax matters agreement, baxalta agreed to indemnify us for certain tax-related losses incurred if baxalta's actions cause the separation and distribution and certain related transactions to fail to qualify for tax-free status under the applicable provisions of the code.
in anticipation of the merger between baxalta and shire (the merger), we entered into a letter agreement with shire and baxalta (the letter agreement). under the letter agreement, baxalta agreed to indemnify, and shire agreed to guarantee such indemnity to, baxter and each of its affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors and employees against certain tax-related losses attributable to or resulting from (in whole or in part) the merger as further described in the letter agreement. if the baxter transactions are determined to be taxable as a result (in whole or in part) of the merger (for example, if the merger is deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) that includes the baxter transactions), baxter and its stockholders could incur significant tax liabilities. although baxalta and shire may be required to indemnify baxter under the tax matters agreement and the letter agreement for any such tax liabilities incurred by baxter, there can be no assurance that the indemnity from baxalta or the guarantee thereof by shire will be sufficient to protect us against all or a part of the amount of such liabilities, or that either baxalta or shire will fully satisfy their respective obligations.
even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from baxalta or shire any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be required to bear these costs initially, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
executive overview restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements we have restated our previously issued consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k. refer to the "explanatory note" preceding item 1, business, for background on the restatement, the periods impacted, control considerations, and other information. in addition, we have restated certain previously reported financial information as of december 31, 2018 and for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 in this item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, including but not limited to information within the results of operations section. see note 2, restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements, in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, for additional information related to the restatement, including descriptions of the misstatements and the impacts on our consolidated financial statements.
description of the company and business segments we manage our business based on three geographic segments: americas (north and south america), emea (europe, middle east and africa) and apac (asia-pacific). each of our segments provides a broad portfolio of essential healthcare products including acute and chronic dialysis therapies; sterile iv solutions; infusion systems and devices; parenteral nutrition therapies; inhaled anesthetics; generic injectable pharmaceuticals; and surgical hemostat and sealant products. our global footprint and the critical nature of our products and services play a key role in expanding access to healthcare in emerging and developed countries. these products are used by hospitals, kidney dialysis centers, nursing homes, rehabilitation centers, doctors' offices and patients at home under physician supervision.
for financial information about our segments, see note 18 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
recent business combinations and asset acquisitions cheetah medical in october 2019, we acquired 100 percent of cheetah medical, inc. (cheetah) for total upfront cash consideration of $195 million, net of cash acquired, with the potential for additional cash consideration, up to $40 million, based on clinical and commercial milestones for which the acquisition date fair value was $18 million. cheetah is a leading provider of hemodynamic monitoring technologies. refer to note 4 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of cheetah.
recothrom and preveleak in march 2018, we acquired two hemostat and sealant products from mallinckrodt plc: recothrom thrombin topical (recombinant), the first and only stand-alone recombinant thrombin, and preveleak surgical sealant, which is used in vascular reconstruction. the purchase price included an upfront payment of approximately $163 million and potential contingent payments in the future. refer to note 4 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of the recothrom and preveleak products.
claris injectables limited in july 2017, we acquired 100 percent of claris injectables limited (claris), a wholly owned subsidiary of claris lifesciences limited, for total cash consideration of approximately $629 million, net of cash acquired. through the acquisition, we added capabilities in production of essential generic injectable medicines, such as anesthesia and analgesics, renal, anti-infectives and critical care in a variety of presentations including bags, vials and ampoules. refer to note 4 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of claris.
seprafilm adhesion barrier in december 2019, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire seprafilm adhesion barrier (seprafilm) from sanofi. the transaction closed in february 2020 and we paid approximately $345 million for the acquired assets, subject to a post-close adjustment. seprafilm is indicated for use in patients undergoing abdominal or pelvic laparotomy as an adjunct intended to reduce the incidence, extent and severity of postoperative adhesions between the abdominal wall and the underlying viscera such as omentum, small bowel, bladder, and stomach, and between the uterus and surrounding structures such as tubes and ovaries, large bowel, and bladder. as the acquisition was completed after december 31, 2019, our consolidated financial statements do not include the financial condition or results of operations of seprafilm in any of the periods presented herein.
financial results our global net sales totaled $11.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 2% over 2018 on a reported basis and 5% on a constant currency basis. international sales totaled $6.5 billion in 2019, an increase of 3% compared to 2018 on a reported basis and 7% on a constant currency basis. sales in the united states totaled $4.8 billion in 2019, an increase of 2% compared to 2018. refer to the net sales discussion in the results of operations section below for more information related to changes in net sales on a constant currency basis.
our income from continuing operations totaled $1.0 billion, or $1.93 per diluted share, in 2019. income from continuing operations in 2019 included special items which resulted in a net decrease to income from continuing operations of $716 million, or $1.38 per diluted share. our special items are discussed in the results of operations section below.
our financial results included r&d expenses totaling $595 million in 2019, which reflects our focus on balancing increased investments to support our new product pipeline with efforts to optimize overall r&d spending.
our financial position remains strong, with operating cash flows from continuing operations totaling $2.1 billion in 2019. we have continued to execute on our disciplined capital allocation framework, which is designed to optimize stockholder value creation through reinvestment in our businesses, dividends and share repurchases, as well as acquisitions and other business development initiatives as discussed in the strategic objectives section below.
capital expenditures totaled $696 million in 2019 as we continue to invest across our businesses to support future growth, including additional investments in support of new and existing product capacity expansions. our investments in capital expenditures in 2019 were focused on projects that improve production efficiency and enhance manufacturing capabilities to support our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets.
we also continued to return value to our stockholders in the form of dividends. during 2019, we paid cash dividends to our stockholders totaling $423 million. additionally, in 2019 we repurchased 16.5 million shares through cash repurchases pursuant to rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans, an accelerated share repurchase plan and otherwise. for information on our share repurchase plans, see note 10 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
strategic objectives we continue to focus on several key objectives to successfully execute our long-term strategy to achieve sustainable growth and deliver enhanced stockholder value. our diversified and broad portfolio of medical products that treat life-threatening acute or chronic conditions and our global presence are core components of our strategy to achieve these objectives. we are focused on three strategic factors as part of our pursuit of industry leading performance: optimizing our core portfolio globally; operational excellence focused on streamlining our cost structure and enhancing operational efficiency; and maintaining a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation.
optimizing the core portfolio globally our global product portfolio optimization strategy identifies products that we believe to have characteristics of core growth, products that we expect to provide us with a core return on capital, products that we intend to maintain or manage differently and products that we consider to be strategic bets. for products with core growth characteristics, we look to invest for long-term, higher margin growth. for products that we expect to generate a core return on capital, we seek to optimize our return on investment and to maintain or enhance our market position. for products that we intend to maintain or manage differently, we look to sustain or reposition our underlying investment. finally, we are evaluating our market position and investment strategy for products that we consider to be strategic bets.
as part of our portfolio management strategy, we seek to optimize our position in product areas where we have a stable, profitable business model, identify and alter investments in products that have reached the end of their life cycles or for which market positions have evolved unfavorably. in the course of doing so, we expect to continue to reallocate capital to more promising opportunities or business groupings, as described above.
as part of this strategy, we are shifting our investments to drive innovation in product areas where we have compelling opportunities to serve patients and healthcare professionals while advancing the business and we are accelerating the pace in which we bring these advances to market. we are in the midst of launching several new products, geographic expansions and line extensions by 2023 including in such areas as chronic and acute renal care, smart pump technology, hospital pharmaceuticals and nutritionals, surgical sealants, and more. these comprise a mix of entirely new offerings, improvements on existing technologies, and the expansion of current products into new geographies.
operational excellence we have undertaken a comprehensive review of all aspects of our operations and are actively implementing changes in line with our business goals. as part of our pursuit of improved margin performance, we are working to optimize our cost structure and we are critically assessing optimal support levels in light of our ongoing portfolio optimization efforts. we intend to continue to actively manage our cost structure to help ensure that we are committing resources to the highest value uses. such high value activities include supporting innovation, building out the portfolio, expanding patient access and accelerating growth for our stockholders.
maintaining disciplined and balanced capital allocation our capital allocation strategies include the following:
reinvest in the business by funding opportunities that are positioned to deliver sustainable growth, support our innovation efforts and improve margin performance;
return capital to stockholders through dividends, which we expect to meaningfully increase with earnings growth;
share repurchases; and
identify and pursue accretive merger and acquisition (m&a) opportunities.
responsible corporate citizen we strive for continued growth and profitability, while furthering our focus on acting as a responsible corporate citizen. to us, sustainability means creating lasting social, environmental and economic value by addressing the needs of our wide-ranging stakeholder base. our comprehensive sustainability program is focused on areas in which we are uniquely positioned to make a positive impact. priorities include providing employees a safe, healthy and inclusive workplace, fostering a culture that drives integrity, strengthening access to healthcare, enhancing math and science education, and driving environmental performance across the product life cycle, including development, manufacturing and transport. along with the baxter international foundation, we provide financial support and product donations in support of critical needs, from assisting underserved communities to providing emergency relief for countries experiencing natural disasters.
throughout 2019, we continued to implement a range of water conservation strategies and facility-based energy saving initiatives. in the area of product stewardship and life cycle management, we are pursuing efforts such as sustainable design and reduced packaging. we are also responding to the challenges of climate change through innovative greenhouse gas emissions-reduction programs, such as shifting to less carbon-intensive energy sources in manufacturing and transport. additionally, we developed new long-term goals to drive continued environmental stewardship while creating healthier, more sustainable communities where our employees work and live.
risk factors our ability to sustain long-term growth and successfully execute the strategies discussed above depends in part on our ability to manage within an increasingly competitive and regulated environment and to address the other risk factors described in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations special items the following table provides a summary of our special items and the related impact by line item on our results of continuing operations for 2019, 2018 and 2017.
