item 1a.   risk factors.
market and volatility risks volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets, and adverse changes in the global economy, may significantly affect our results of operations and may put pressure on our financial results. the capital and credit markets may, from time to time, experience volatility and disruption worldwide. declines in global financial market conditions have in the past resulted in significant decreases in our aum, revenues and income, and future declines may further negatively impact our financial results. such declines have had, and may in the future have, an adverse impact on our results of operations. we may need to modify our business, strategies or operations and we may be subject to additional constraints or costs in order to compete in a changing global economy and business environment.
the amount and mix of our aum are subject to significant fluctuations. fluctuations in the amount and mix of our aum may be attributable in part to market conditions outside of our control that have had, and in the future could have, a negative impact on our revenues and income. we derive substantially all of our operating revenues and net income from providing investment management and related services to investors in jurisdictions worldwide through our investment products, which include our sponsored funds, as well as institutional and high-net-worth separate accounts, and sub-advised products. in addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales and distribution, and shareholder servicing. we may perform services directly or through third parties. the level of our revenues depends largely on the level and relative mix of aum. our investment management fee revenues are primarily based on a percentage of the value of aum and vary with the nature and strategies of our products. any decrease in the value or amount of our aum because of market volatility or other factors, such as a decline in the price of stocks, in particular market segments or in the securities market generally, negatively impacts our revenues and income.
we are subject to significant risk of asset volatility from changes in the global financial, equity, debt and commodity markets. individual financial, equity, debt and commodity markets may be adversely affected by financial, economic, political, electoral, diplomatic or other instabilities that are particular to the country or region in which a market is located, including without limitation local acts of terrorism, economic crises, political protests, insurrection or other business, social or political crises. global economic conditions, exacerbated by war, terrorism, natural disasters or financial crises, changes in the equity, debt or commodity marketplaces, changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates, the yield curve, defaults by trading counterparties, bond defaults, revaluation and bond market liquidity risks, geopolitical risks, the imposition of economic sanctions and other factors that are difficult to predict, affect the mix, market values and levels of our aum. for example, changes in financial market prices, currency exchange rates and/or interest rates have in the past caused, and could
18
in the future cause, the value of our aum to decline, which would result in lower investment management fee revenues. changing market conditions could also cause an impairment to the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
our funds may be subject to liquidity risks or an unanticipated large number of redemptions. due to market volatility or other events or conditions described above, our funds may need to sell securities or instruments that they hold, possibly at a loss, or draw on any available lines of credit, to obtain cash to maintain sufficient liquidity or settle these redemptions, or settle in-kind with securities held in the applicable fund. while we have no legal or contractual obligation to do so, we have in the past provided, and may in the future at our discretion provide, financial support to our funds to enable them to maintain sufficient liquidity in any such event. changes in investor preferences regarding our more popular products have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, sizable redemptions and lower the value of our aum, which would result in lower revenue and operating results. any decrease in the level of our aum resulting from market declines, credit or interest rate volatility or uncertainty, increased redemptions or other factors could negatively impact our revenues and income.
a shift in our asset mix toward lower fee products may negatively impact our revenues. changing market conditions and investor preferences may cause a shift in our asset mix toward certain lower fee products, such as fixed income products, and away from equity and multi-asset/balanced products. this may cause a related decline in our revenues and income, as we generally derive higher fee revenues and income from our equity and certain multi-asset/balanced products than from our fixed income products. increases in interest rates, in particular if rapid, as well as any uncertainty in the future direction of interest rates, may have a negative impact on our fixed income products. although the shorter duration of the bond investments in many of these products may help mitigate the interest rate risk, rising interest rates or interest rate uncertainty typically decrease the total return on many bond investments due to lower market valuations of existing bonds. further, changing market conditions and investor preferences also may cause a shift in our asset mix toward lower fee exchange-traded funds. moreover, we generally derive higher investment management and distribution fees from our international products than from our u.s. products, and higher sales fees from our u.s. products than from our international products. changing market conditions may cause a shift in our asset mix between international and u.s. assets, potentially resulting in a decline in our revenues and income depending upon the nature of our aum and the level of management fees we earn on that aum.
we may not effectively manage risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices. the withdrawal and replacement of widely used benchmark indices such as the london interbank offered rate ("libor") with alternative benchmark rates may introduce a number of risks for our business, our clients and the financial services industry more widely. these include financial risks arising from potential changes in the valuation of financial instruments linked to benchmark indices, pricing and operational risks, and legal implementation and revised documentation risks. the fca in the u.k., which regulates libor, has announced that it will no longer compel panel banks to submit rates for libor after 2021. accordingly, the withdrawal and replacement of libor may pose financial risks and uncertainties to our business. we also may face operational challenges adopting successor benchmarks.
investment and performance risks poor investment performance of our products could reduce the level of our aum or affect our sales, and negatively impact our revenues and income. our investment performance, along with achieving and maintaining superior distribution and client service, is critical to the success of our business. strong investment performance often stimulates sales of our products. poor investment performance as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitive products has in the past led, and could in the future lead, to a decrease in sales of our products and stimulate redemptions from existing products, generally lowering the overall level of aum and reducing the management fees we earn. there is no assurance that past or present investment performance in our products will be indicative of future performance. if we fail, or appear to fail, to address successfully and promptly the underlying causes of any poor investment performance, we may be unsuccessful in repairing any existing harm to our performance and our future business prospects would likely be negatively affected.
harm to our reputation may negatively impact our revenues and income. our reputation is critical to the success of our business. we believe that our brand names have been, and continue to be, well received both in our industry and with our clients, reflecting the fact that our brands, like our business, are based in part on trust and confidence. if our reputation is harmed, existing clients may reduce amounts held in, or withdraw entirely from, our products, or our clients and products may terminate their management agreements with us, which could reduce the amount of our aum and cause us to suffer a corresponding loss in our revenues and income. in addition, reputational harm may prevent us from attracting new clients or developing new business.
19
global operational risks our business operations are complex and a failure to perform operational tasks properly or the misrepresentation of our services and products, or the termination of investment management agreements representing a significant portion of our aum, could have an adverse effect on our revenues and income. through our subsidiaries, we provide investment management and related services to investors globally. in order to be competitive and comply with our agreements, we must properly perform our fund and portfolio administration and related responsibilities, including portfolio recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, investment restrictions compliance, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. many of our operations are complex and dependent on our ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions effectively, which may occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. although we expend considerable resources on internal controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable guidelines, rules and regulations or adversely affect our clients, counterparties or us, our operations are ultimately dependent on our employees, as well as others involved in our business, such as third-party vendors, providers and other intermediaries, and subject to potential human errors. our employees and others involved in our business may, from time to time, make mistakes that are not always immediately detected, which may disrupt our operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or sanctions, litigation, or otherwise damage our reputation. in addition, any misrepresentation of our services and products in advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications could also adversely affect our reputation and business prospects. our investment management fees, which represent the majority of our revenues, are dependent on fees earned under investment management agreements that we have with our products and clients. our revenues could be adversely affected if such agreements representing a significant portion of our aum are terminated. further, certain of our subsidiaries may act as general partner for various investment partnerships, which may subject them to liability for the partnerships' liabilities. if we fail to perform and monitor our operations properly, our business could suffer and our revenues and income could be adversely affected.
we face risks, and corresponding potential costs and expenses, associated with conducting operations and growing our business in numerous countries. we sell our products, such as our funds and strategies, and offer our investment management and related services, in many different regulatory jurisdictions around the world, and intend to continue to expand our operations internationally. as we do so, we will continue to face challenges to the adequacy of our resources, procedures and controls to operate our business consistently and effectively. in order to remain competitive, we must be proactive and prepared to implement necessary resources when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. local regulatory environments may vary widely in terms of scope, adequacy and sophistication. similarly, local distributors, and their policies and practices as well as financial viability, may vary widely and they may be inconsistent or less developed or mature than other more internationally focused distributors. notwithstanding potential long-term cost savings, growth of our international operations may involve near-term increases in expenses, as well as additional capital costs, such as information systems and technology costs, and costs related to compliance with particular regulatory or other local requirements or needs. local requirements or needs may also place additional demands on sales and compliance personnel and resources, such as meeting local language requirements, while also integrating personnel into an organization with a single operating language. finding, hiring and retaining additional, well-qualified personnel and crafting and adopting policies, procedures and controls to address local or regional requirements remain challenges as we expand our operations internationally.
moreover, regulators in non-u.s. jurisdictions could also change their policies or laws in a manner that might restrict or otherwise impede our ability to distribute or authorize products or maintain their authorizations in their respective markets. any of these local requirements, activities or needs could increase the costs and expenses we incur in a specific jurisdiction without any corresponding increase in revenues and income from operating in the jurisdiction. certain laws and regulations both inside and outside the u.s. have extraterritorial application. this may lead to duplicative or conflicting legal or regulatory burdens and additional costs and risks. for example, although negotiations between the u.k. and eu regarding brexit began in june 2017, it is still unclear what terms, if any, may be agreed to in the final outcome and for any transitional period, and the ultimate impact on us.
in addition, from time to time, we enter into joint ventures or take minority stakes in companies in which we typically do not have control. these investments may involve risks, including the risk that the controlling stakeholder or joint venture partner may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours. the business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling stakeholder, joint venture partner or the entity itself may result in liability to us or harm to our reputation, or adversely affect the value of our investment in the entity.
20
our increasing focus on international markets as a source of investments and sales of our products subjects us to increased exchange rate and market-specific political, economic or other risks that may adversely impact our revenues and income generated overseas. while we maintain a significant portion of our operations in the u.s., we also provide services and earn revenues in europe, the middle east and africa, asia-pacific, canada, the bahamas and latin america. as a result, we are subject to foreign currency exchange risk through our non-u.s. operations. fluctuations in the exchange rates to the u.s. dollar have affected, and may in the future affect, our financial results from one period to the next. while we have taken steps to reduce our exposure to foreign exchange risk, for example, by denominating a significant amount of our transactions in u.s. dollars, our situation may change in the future. appreciation of the u.s. dollar could in the future moderate revenues from managing our products internationally, or could affect relative investment performance of certain of our products invested in non-u.s. securities. in addition, we have risk associated with the foreign exchange revaluation of u.s. dollar balances held by certain non-u.s. subsidiaries for which the local currency is the functional currency. separately, management fees that we earn tend to be higher in connection with non-u.s. aum than with u.s. aum. consequently, downturns in international markets have in the past had, and could in the future have, a significant effect on our revenues and income. moreover, our emerging market portfolios and revenues derived from managing these portfolios are subject to significant risks of loss from financial, economic, political and diplomatic developments, currency fluctuations, social instability, changes in governmental policies, expropriation, nationalization, asset confiscation and changes in legislation related to non-u.s. ownership. international trading markets, particularly in some emerging market countries, are often smaller, less liquid, less regulated and significantly more volatile than those in the u.s. as our business continues to grow in non-u.s. markets, any ongoing and future business, economic, political or social unrest affecting these markets, in addition to any direct consequences such unrest may have on our personnel and facilities located in the affected area, may also have a more lasting impact on the long-term investment climate in these and other areas and, as a result, our aum and the corresponding revenues and income that we generate from them may be negatively affected.
we may review and pursue strategic transactions that could pose risks to our business. as part of our business strategy, we regularly consider, and have discussions with respect to, potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, joint ventures or similar transactions, some of which may be deemed material. there can be no assurance that we will find suitable candidates for strategic transactions at acceptable prices, have sufficient capital resources to accomplish our strategy, or be successful in entering into agreements for desired transactions. in addition, such transactions typically involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. acquisitions and related transactions pose the risk that any business we acquire may lose customers or employees or could underperform relative to expectations. we could also experience financial or other setbacks if transactions encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to execution or integration. strategic transactions typically are announced publicly even though they may remain subject to numerous closing conditions, contingencies and approvals, and there is no assurance that any announced transaction will actually be consummated. future transactions may also further increase our leverage or, if we issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions, dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders.
competition and distribution risks strong competition from numerous and sometimes larger companies with competing offerings and products could limit or reduce sales of our products, potentially resulting in a decline in our market share, revenues and income. we compete with numerous investment management companies, securities brokerage and investment banking firms, insurance companies, banks and other financial institutions. our products also compete with products offered by these competitors, as well as with real estate investment trusts, hedge funds and other products. the periodic establishment of new investment management companies and other competitors increases the competition that we face. at the same time, consolidation in the financial services industry has created stronger competitors with greater financial resources and broader distribution channels than our own. competition is based on various factors, including, among others, business reputation, investment performance, product mix and offerings, service quality and innovation, distribution relationships, and fees charged. further, although we may offer certain types of exchange-traded funds, to the extent that there is a trend among existing or potential clients in favor of lower fee index and other exchange-traded funds, it may favor our competitors who may offer such products that are more established or on a larger scale than we do. additionally, competing securities broker-dealers and banks, upon which we rely to distribute and sell certain of our funds and other products, may also sell their own proprietary funds and products, which could limit the distribution of our products. to the extent that existing or potential clients, including securities broker-dealers, decide to invest in or distribute the products of our competitors, the sales of our products as well as our market share, revenues and income could decline. our ability to attract and retain aum is also dependent on the relative investment performance of our products, offering a mix of products and strategies that meets investor demands, and our ability to maintain our investment management fees and pricing structure at competitive levels.
21
increasing competition and other changes in the third-party distribution and sales channels on which we depend could reduce our income and hinder our growth. we derive nearly all of our fund sales through third-party broker-dealers, banks, investment advisers and other financial intermediaries. because we rely on third-party distribution and sales channels to sell our products, we do not control the ultimate investment recommendations given by them to clients. increasing competition for these distribution and sales channels, and regulatory changes and initiatives, have caused our distribution costs to rise and could cause further cost increases in the future, or could otherwise negatively impact the distribution of our products. higher distribution costs lower our income, and consolidations in the broker-dealer or banking industries could also adversely impact our income. a failure to maintain our third-party distribution and sales channels, or a failure to maintain strong business relationships with our distributors and other intermediaries, may impair our distribution and sales operations. any inability to access and successfully sell our products to clients through such third-party channels could have a negative effect on our level of aum and adversely impact our business.
moreover, there is no assurance that we will continue to have access to the third-party financial intermediaries that currently distribute our products, or that we will continue to have the opportunity to offer all or some of our existing products through them. if several of the major financial advisers that distribute our products were to cease operations or limit or otherwise end the distribution of our products, it could have a significant adverse impact on our income.
further, the standards of conduct and disclosure and reporting requirements, with respect to fees, products, services and possible conflicts of interest, applicable to broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries in the u.s., remain subject to change and enhancement pursuant to business and regulatory developments and requirements, including with respect to investor suitability obligations, enhanced investor protections for retail customers, and increased compliance requirements.
in addition, the u.k., the netherlands and the eu, through mifid ii, have adopted regimes that ban, or may limit, the payment of commissions and other inducements to intermediaries in relation to certain sales to retail customers in those jurisdictions, and similar regimes are under consideration in several other jurisdictions. depending on their exact terms, such regimes may result in existing flows of business moving to less profitable channels or even to competitors providing substitutable products outside the regime. arrangements with non-independent advisers will also be affected as narrower rules related to the requirement that commissions reflect an enhancement of the service to customers come into effect, along with a prescriptive list of permissible non-monetary benefits. the interpretation of the inducements rules has also resulted in major changes to how fund managers, including us, finance investment research with many firms, by opting to pay for third-party investment research for client accounts covered by mifid ii.
third-party risks any failure of our third-party providers to fulfill their obligations, or our failure to maintain good relationships with our providers, could adversely impact our business. we currently, and may in the future, depend on a number of third-party providers to support various operational, administrative, market data, distribution, and other business needs of our company. in addition, we may, from time to time, transfer vendor contracts and services from one provider to another. if our third-party providers fail to deliver required services on a timely basis, or if we experience other negative service quality or relationship issues with our providers, we may be exposed to significant costs and/or operational difficulties, and our ability to conduct and grow our business may be impaired. in addition, we are in the process of outsourcing certain of our fund administration services for our funds to a third-party provider. such administrative and functional changes are costly and complex, and may expose us to heightened operational risks. any failure to mitigate such risks could result in reputational harm to us, as well as financial losses to us and our clients. the failure of any key provider or vendor to fulfill its obligations to us could result in outcomes inconsistent with our or our clients' objectives and requirements, result in legal liability and regulatory issues for us, and otherwise adversely impact us.
we may be adversely affected if any of our third-party providers is subject to a successful cyber or security attack. due to our interconnectivity with third-party vendors, advisors, central agents, exchanges, clearing organizations and other financial institutions, we may be adversely affected if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. most of the software applications that we use in our business are licensed from, and supported, upgraded and maintained by, third-party vendors. our third-party applications include enterprise cloud storage and cloud computing application services provided and maintained by third-party vendors. any breach, suspension or termination of certain of these licenses or the related support, upgrades and maintenance could cause temporary system delays or interruption that could adversely impact our business. our third-party applications may include confidential and proprietary data provided by vendors and by us.
22
technology and security risks our ability to manage and grow our business successfully can be impeded by systems and other technological limitations. our continued success in effectively managing and growing our business depends on our ability to integrate our varied accounting, financial, information, and operational systems on a global basis. moreover, adapting or developing the existing technology systems we use to meet our internal needs, as well as client needs, industry demands and new regulatory requirements, is also critical for our business. the introduction of new technologies presents new challenges to us. we have an ongoing need to upgrade and improve our technology continually, including our data processing, financial, accounting, shareholder servicing and trading systems. further, we also must be proactive and prepared to implement new technology when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. these needs could present operational issues or require significant capital spending, and may require us to reevaluate the current value and/or expected useful lives of the technology we use, which could negatively impact our results of operations. in addition, technology is subject to rapid advancements and changes and our competitors may, from time to time, implement newer technologies or more advanced platforms for their services and products, including digital advisers and other advanced electronic systems, which could adversely affect our business if we are unable to remain competitive.
any significant limitation, failure or security breach of our information and cyber security infrastructure, software applications, technology or other systems that are critical to our operations could disrupt our business and harm our operations and reputation. we are highly dependent upon the use of various proprietary and third-party information and security technology, software applications and other technology systems to operate our business. we are also dependent on the continuity and effectiveness of our information and cyber security infrastructure, management oversight and reporting framework, policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our computer and telecommunications systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them and contracted third-party systems. we use technology on a daily basis in our business to, among other things, support our business continuity and operations, process and transmit confidential communications, store and maintain data, obtain securities pricing information, process client transactions, and provide reports and other customer services to our clients. any disruptions, inaccuracies, delays, theft, systems failures, data security or privacy breaches, or cyber or other security breaches in these and other processes could subject us to significant client dissatisfaction and losses, and damage our reputation. we have been, and expect to continue to be, the subject of these types of breaches and/or attacks, from time to time. although we take protective measures, including measures to secure and protect information through system security technology and our internal security procedures, there can be no assurance that any of these measures will prove effective. the technology systems we use remain vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, potential human errors and other events and circumstances that have a security impact, such as an external or internal hacker attack by one or more cyber criminals (including through the use of phishing attacks, malware, ransomware and other methods and activities maliciously designed to obtain and exploit confidential information and to cause damage) or an authorized employee or vendor inadvertently or recklessly causing us to release confidential information, which could materially harm our operations and reputation.
potential system disruptions, failures or breaches of the technology we use or the security infrastructure we rely upon, and the costs necessary to address them, could result in: (i) significant material financial loss or costs, (ii) the unauthorized disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client and business information, (iii) loss of valuable information, (iv) breach of client and vendor contracts, (v) liability for stolen assets, information or identity, (vi) remediation costs to repair damage caused by the failure or breach, (vii) additional security and organizational costs to mitigate against future incidents, (viii) reputational harm, (ix) loss of confidence in our business and products, (x) liability for failure to review and disclose applicable incidents or provide relevant updated disclosure properly and timely, (xi) regulatory investigations or actions, and/or (xii) legal claims, litigation, and liability costs. moreover, loss or unauthorized disclosure or transfer of confidential and proprietary data or confidential customer identification information could further harm our reputation and subject us to liability under laws that protect confidential data and personal information, resulting in increased costs or a decline in our revenues or common stock price. further, although we take precautions to password protect and encrypt our laptops and sensitive information on our other mobile electronic devices, if such devices are stolen, misplaced or left unattended, they may become vulnerable to hacking or other unauthorized use, creating a possible security risk, which may require us to incur additional administrative costs and/or take remedial actions. in addition, the failure to manage and operate properly the data centers we use could have an adverse impact on our business. although we have in place certain disaster recovery plans, we may experience system delays and interruptions as a result of natural disasters, power failures, acts of war, and third-party failures.
23
our inability to recover successfully, should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could cause material financial loss, regulatory actions, legal liability, and/or reputational harm. should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, hurricane, tsunami, terrorist attack, pandemic or other natural or man-made disaster, our continued success will depend, in part, on the safety and availability of our personnel, our office facilities and infrastructure, and the proper functioning of our technology, computer, telecommunication and other systems and operations that are critical to our business. while our operational size, the diversity of locations from which we operate, and our various back-up systems provide us with an advantage, should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, we could still experience operational challenges, in particular depending upon how such a local or regional event may affect our personnel across our operations or with regard to particular aspects of our operations, such as key executives or personnel in our technology groups. moreover, as we grow our operations in new geographic regions, the potential for particular types of natural or man-made disasters, political, economic or infrastructure instabilities, information, technology or security limitations or breaches, or other country- or region-specific business continuity risks increases. past disaster recovery efforts have demonstrated that even seemingly localized events may require broader disaster recovery efforts throughout our operations and, consequently, we regularly assess and take steps to improve upon our existing business continuity plans. however, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to recover successfully following a disaster or other business continuity problem, could adversely impact our business and operations.
human capital risks we depend on key personnel and our financial performance could be negatively affected by the loss of their services. the success of our business will continue to depend upon our key personnel, including our portfolio and fund managers, investment analysts, investment advisers, sales and management personnel and other professionals as well as our executive officers and business unit heads. competition for qualified, motivated, and highly-skilled executives, professionals and other key personnel in the investment management industry remains significant. our success depends to a substantial degree upon our ability to find, attract, retain and motivate qualified individuals, including through competitive compensation packages, and upon the continued contributions of these people. global and/or local laws and regulations could impose restrictions on compensation paid by financial institutions, which could restrict our ability to compete effectively for qualified professionals. as our business develops, we may need to increase the number of individuals that we employ. moreover, in order to retain certain key personnel, we may be required to increase compensation to such individuals and increase our key management succession planning, resulting in additional expense without a corresponding increase in potential revenues. there is no assurance that we will be successful in finding, attracting and retaining qualified individuals, and the departure of key investment personnel, in particular, if not replaced, could cause us to lose clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects. in addition, due to the global nature of our business, our key personnel may, from time to time, have reasons to travel to regions susceptible to higher risk of civil unrest, organized crime or terrorism, and we may be unable to ensure the safety of our personnel traveling to such regions.
expense and cash management risks our future results are dependent upon maintaining an appropriate expense level. the level of our expenses is subject to fluctuation and may increase for the following or other reasons: (i) changes in the level and scope of our operating expenses in response to market conditions or regulations, (ii) variations in the level of total compensation expense due to, among other things, bonuses, merit increases and severance costs, (iii) changes in our employee count and mix, and competitive factors, (iv) changes in expenses and capital costs, including costs incurred to maintain and enhance our administrative and operating services infrastructure or to cover uninsured losses, and (v) increases in insurance expenses, including through the assumption of higher deductibles and/or co-insurance liability.
our ability to meet cash needs depends upon certain factors, including the market value of our assets, our operating cash flows and our perceived creditworthiness. if we are unable to obtain cash, financing or access to the capital markets in a timely manner, we may be forced to incur unanticipated costs or revise our business plans, and our business could be adversely impacted. further, our access to the capital markets depends significantly on our credit ratings. a reduction in our long- or short-term credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs and limit our access to the capital markets. volatility in the global financing markets may also impact our ability to access the capital markets should we seek to do so, and may have an adverse effect on investors' willingness to purchase our securities, interest rates, credit spreads and/or the valuation levels of equity markets.
24
we are dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries. substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our cash flow and our ability to fund operations are dependent upon the earnings of our subsidiaries and the distribution of earnings, loans or other payments by our subsidiaries. our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to fund our payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. any payments to us by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions and are contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions that may limit their ability to transfer assets to their parent companies. our financial condition could be adversely affected if certain of our subsidiaries are unable to distribute assets to us.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to extensive, complex, overlapping and frequently changing rules, regulations, policies, and legal interpretations. there is uncertainty associated with the regulatory and compliance environments in which we operate. our business is subject to extensive and complex, overlapping and/or conflicting, and frequently changing and increasing rules, regulations, policies and legal interpretations, around the world. political and electoral changes, developments and conflicts have in the past introduced, and may in the future introduce, additional uncertainty. our regulatory and compliance obligations impose significant operational and cost burdens on us and cover a broad range of requirements related to financial reporting and other disclosure matters, securities and other financial instruments, investment and advisory matters, accounting, tax, compensation, ethics, data protection, privacy, sanctions programs, and escheatment requirements. we may be adversely affected by a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and changes in the countries in which we operate. for a more extensive discussion of the laws, regulations and regulators to which we are subject, see "item 1 -- business -- regulation" included in part i of this annual report on form 10‐k.
we may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations or by changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations. the laws and regulations applicable to our business generally involve restrictions and requirements in connection with a variety of technical, specialized, and expanding matters and concerns. over the years, the u.s. federal corporate governance and securities laws have been augmented substantially and made significantly more complex by various legislation. as we continue to address our legal and regulatory requirements or focus on meeting new or expanded requirements, we may need to expend a substantial amount of additional time, costs and resources. regulatory reforms may add further complexity to our business and operations and could require us to alter our investment management services and related activities, which could be costly, impede our growth and adversely impact our aum, revenues and income. regulatory reforms also may impact our clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in a manner adverse to our business. certain key regulatory reforms in the u.s. that impact or relate to our business, and may cause us to incur additional obligations, include:
•   dodd-frank. in july 2010, dodd-frank was adopted in the u.s. dodd-frank is expansive in scope and has required the adoption of extensive regulations and the issuance of numerous regulatory decisions, while certain proposed rules remain subject to final adoption.
•   systemically important financial institutions. dodd-frank authorized the establishment of the fsoc, the mandate of which is to identify and respond to threats to u.s. financial stability. similarly, the u.s. and other members of the g-20 group of nations have empowered the fsb to identify and respond, in a coordinated manner, to threats to global financial stability. to the extent that we or any of our funds are designated as sifis by the fsoc or as global sifis by the fsb, such designations add additional supervision and/or regulation, which could include requirements related to risk-based capital, leverage, liquidity, credit exposure, stress testing, resolution plans, early remediation, and certain risk management requirements, that could impact our business.
•   derivatives and other financial products. dodd-frank, as well as other legislation and regulations, impose restrictions and limitations on us related to our financial services and products, resulting in increased scrutiny and oversight. under dodd-frank's regulations governing derivative transactions, certain categories of swaps are required to be submitted for clearing by a regulated clearing organization and reported on a swap execution facility. the eu and other countries have implemented, or are in the process of implementing, similar requirements. there is some risk that full mutual recognition may not be achieved between the various regulators, which may cause us to incur duplicate regulation and transaction costs. the sec has also proposed a rule that would impose restrictions on the use of derivatives by registered funds. in addition, sec rules have changed the structure and operation for certain types of money market funds, and certain u.s.-registered funds are required to adopt liquidity management programs.
25
•   privacy and data protection. there also has been increased regulation with respect to the protection of customer privacy and data, and the need to secure sensitive customer, employee and others' information. as the regulatory focus on privacy continues to intensify and laws and regulations concerning the management of personal data expand, risks related to privacy and data collection within our business will increase. in addition to the eu's gdpr data protection rules, we may also be or become subject to or affected by additional country, federal and state laws, regulations and guidance impacting consumer privacy, such as the recently enacted ccpa effective january 2020, which provides for enhanced consumer protections for california residents and statutory fines for data security breaches or other ccpa violations. noncompliance with our legal obligations relating to privacy and data protection could result in penalties, legal proceedings by governmental entities or affected individuals, and significant legal and financial exposure.
•   rule 12b-1 plans. in 2010, the sec proposed changes to rule 12b-1 promulgated under the investment company act that, if adopted, could limit our ability to recover expenses relating to the distribution of our u.s.-registered funds, which could decrease our revenues.
•   sec regulation best interest. in june 2019, the sec adopted a package of new rules, amendments and interpretations, including regulation best interest and a new form of relationship summary, designed to enhance investor protections for all retail customers, that will, subject to a transition period until june 30, 2020, among other things: (i) require broker-dealers to act in the best interest of their retail customers when recommending securities and account types, (ii) raise the broker-dealer standard of conduct beyond existing suitability obligations, and (iii) require a new relationship summary disclosure document to inform retail clients of the nature of the broker-dealers' relationships with investment professionals and registered investment advisers, including a description of services offered, the legal standards of conduct that apply to each, the fees a client might pay, and conflicts of interest that may exist.
•   other compliance requirements. compliance with the u.s. bank secrecy act of 1970, the u.s. patriot act of 2001, and anti-money laundering and economic sanctions, both domestically and internationally, has taken on heightened importance as a result of efforts to, among other things, combat terrorist financing and actions that undermine the stability, sovereignty and territorial integrity of countries. in addition, global regulatory, federal and/or state anti-takeover or business combination laws may impose various disclosure and procedural requirements on a person seeking to acquire control of us, which may discourage potential merger and acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control, including through transactions that some stockholders may consider desirable.
the impacts of these and other regulatory reforms on us, now and in the future, could be significant. we expect that the regulatory requirements and developments applicable to us will cause us to continue to incur additional compliance and administrative burdens and costs. any inability to meet applicable requirements within the required timeframes may subject us to sanctions or other restrictions by governments and/or regulators that could adversely impact our broader business objectives.
global regulatory and legislative actions and reforms have made the regulatory environment in which we operate more costly and future actions and reforms could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. as in the u.s., regulatory and legislative actions outside the u.s. have been augmented substantially and made more complex, by measures such as the eu's alternative investment fund managers directive and mifid ii. further, ongoing changes in the eu's regulatory framework applicable to our business, including changes related to brexit and any other changes in the composition of the eu's member states, may add further complexity to our global risks and operations. moreover, the adoption of new laws, regulations or standards and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, regulations or standards have directly affected, and will continue to affect, our business. with new laws and changes in interpretation of existing requirements, the associated time we must dedicate to and related costs we must incur in meeting the regulatory complexities of our business have increased. we may be required to invest significant additional management time and resources to address new regulations being adopted pursuant to mifid ii and other laws. for example, mifid ii requires the "unbundling" of research and execution charges for trading. the industry's response to the unbundling rules is still evolving and could lead to increased research costs. outlays associated with meeting regulatory complexities have also increased as we expand our business into new jurisdictions.
26
as of may 2018, the eu's gdpr strengthened and unified data protection rules for individuals within the eu. gdpr also addresses export of personal data outside the eu. the primary objectives of gdpr are to give citizens control of their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying data protection regulation within the eu. compliance with the stringent data protection rules under gdpr requires an extensive review of all of our global data processing systems. the failure to comply properly with gdpr rules on a timely basis and to maintain ongoing compliance with such rules may subject us to enforcement proceedings and significant fines and costs. for example, a failure to comply with gdpr could result in fines up to 20 million euros or 4% of our annual global revenues, whichever is higher.
compliance activities to address these and other new legal requirements have required, and will continue to require, us to expend additional time and resources, and, consequently, we are incurring increased costs of doing business, which potentially negatively impacts our profitability and future financial results. finally, any further regulatory and legislative actions and reforms affecting the investment management industry, including compliance initiatives, may negatively impact revenues by increasing our costs of accessing or operating in financial markets or by making certain investment offerings less favorable to our clients.
failure to comply with the laws, rules or regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in substantial harm to our reputation and results of operations. as with all investment management companies, our activities are highly regulated in almost all countries in which we conduct business. failure to comply with the applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes, directives, notices or guidelines in any of our jurisdictions could result in civil liability, criminal liability and/or sanctions against us, including fines, censures, injunctive relief, the suspension or expulsion from a particular jurisdiction or market, or the revocation of licenses or charters, any of which could adversely affect our reputation and operations. moreover, any potential accounting or reporting error, whether financial or otherwise, if material, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. while management has focused attention and resources on our compliance policies, procedures and practices, the regulatory environments of the jurisdictions where we conduct our business, or where our products are organized or sold, are complex, uncertain and subject to change. local regulatory environments may vary widely and place additional demands on our sales, investment, legal and compliance personnel. in recent years, the regulatory environments in which we operate have seen significant increased and evolving regulations, which have imposed and may continue to impose additional compliance and operational requirements and costs on us in the applicable jurisdictions. regulators could also change their policies or laws in a manner that might restrict or otherwise impede our ability to offer our services and products in their respective markets, or we may be unable to keep up with, or adapt to, the ever changing, complex regulatory requirements in such jurisdictions or markets, which could further negatively impact our business.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, and are subject to ongoing tax audits, in various jurisdictions in which we operate. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. however, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes could have a material impact on our net income or financial condition. changes in tax laws or tax rulings may at times materially impact our effective tax rate.
the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act includes various changes to the tax law, including a permanent reduction in the corporate income tax rate and one-time transition tax on certain non-u.s. earnings. further, pursuant to ongoing efforts to encourage global tax compliance, the oecd has adopted crs, aimed at ensuring that persons with financial assets located outside of their tax residence country pay required taxes. in many cases, intergovernmental agreements between the participating countries will govern implementation of the new crs rules. crs is being implemented over a multi-year period and we will continue to monitor the implementing regulations and corresponding intergovernmental agreements to determine our requirements. crs may subject us to additional reporting, compliance and administrative costs, and burdens in jurisdictions where we operate as a qualifying financial institution.
the oecd has also undertaken a new project focused on "addressing the tax challenges of the digitalization of the economy." this project may impact all multinational businesses by allocating a greater share of taxing rights to countries where consumers are located regardless of the current physical presence of a business, and by implementing a global minimum tax. there is significant uncertainty regarding such proposal and any unfavorable resolution could have an adverse effect on our effective tax rate.
27
our contractual obligations may subject us to indemnification costs and liability to third parties. in the ordinary course of business, we and our subsidiaries enter into contracts with third parties, including, without limitation, clients, vendors, and other service providers, that contain a variety of representations and warranties and that provide for indemnifications by us in certain circumstances. pursuant to such contractual arrangements, we may be subject to indemnification costs and liability to third parties if, for example, we breach any material obligations under the agreements or agreed standards of care, or in the event such third parties have certain legal claims asserted against them. the terms of these indemnities vary from contract to contract, and future indemnification claims against us could negatively impact our financial condition.
regulatory and governmental examinations and/or investigations, litigation and the legal risks associated with our business, could adversely impact our aum, increase costs and negatively impact our profitability and/or our future financial results. from time to time, we receive and respond to regulatory and governmental requests for documents or other information, subpoenas, examinations and investigations in connection with our business activities. in addition, regulatory or governmental examinations or investigations that have been inactive could become active. in addition, from time to time, we are named as a party in litigation. we may be obligated, and under our certificate of incorporation, by-laws and standard form of director indemnification agreement we are obligated under certain conditions, or we may choose, to indemnify directors, officers or employees against liabilities and expenses they may incur in connection with such matters to the extent permitted under applicable law. even if claims made against us are without merit, litigation typically is an expensive process. risks associated with legal liability often are difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time. eventual exposures from and expenses incurred relating to any examinations, investigations, litigation, and/or settlements could adversely impact our aum, increase costs and/or negatively impact our profitability and financial results. allegations, findings or judgments of wrongdoing by regulatory or governmental authorities or in litigation against us, or settlements with respect thereto, could affect our reputation, increase our costs of doing business and/or negatively impact our revenues, any of which could have a material negative impact on our financial results.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
forward-looking statements the following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of franklin resources, inc. ("franklin") and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "company") should be read in conjunction with the "forward-looking statements" disclosure set forth in part i and the "risk factors" set forth in item 1a of part i of this annual report on form 10‐k and in any more recent filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), each of which describe these risks, uncertainties and other important factors in more detail.
overview we are a global investment management organization and derive our operating revenues and net income from providing investment management and related services in jurisdictions worldwide for investors in our investment products, which include our sponsored funds, as well as institutional and high-net-worth separate accounts. in addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales and distribution and shareholder servicing. we may perform services directly or through third parties. we offer our services and products under our various distinct brand names, including, but not limited to, franklin®, templeton®, balanced equity management®, benefit street partners®, darby®, edinburgh partnerstm, fiduciary trusttm, franklin bissett®, franklin mutual series®, k2® and libertyshares®. we offer a broad product mix of equity, multi-asset/balanced, fixed income and cash management investment objectives and solutions which meet a wide variety of specific investment goals and needs for individual and institutional investors. we also provide sub-advisory services to certain investment products sponsored by other companies which may be sold to investors under the brand names of those other companies or on a co-branded basis.
the level of our revenues depends largely on the level and relative mix of assets under management ("aum"). as noted in the "risk factors" section set forth above in item 1a of part i of this annual report on form 10‐k, the amount and mix of our aum are subject to significant fluctuations and can negatively impact our revenues and income. the level of our revenues also depends on mutual fund sales, the number of shareholder transactions and accounts, and the fees charged for our services, which are based on contracts with our funds and our clients. these arrangements could change in the future.
during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2019 ("fiscal year 2019"), the global equity markets experienced volatility but provided overall positive returns, reflecting, among other things, ongoing growth concerns, expectations for central banks to continue their accommodative monetary policies and hopes for progress in global trade tensions, as the s&p 500 index and msci world index increased 4.3% and 2.4%. the global bond markets were positively impacted by lower interest rates and the bloomberg barclays global aggregate index increased 7.6% for the fiscal year.
our total aum was $692.6 billion at september 30, 2019, 3% lower than at september 30, 2018 as $31.8 billion of net outflows and $19.1 billion of net market change, distributions and other were partially offset by $26.4 billion from an acquisition. simple monthly average aum ("average aum") decreased 6% during fiscal year 2019.
the business and regulatory environments in which we operate globally remain complex, uncertain and subject to change. we are subject to various laws, rules and regulations globally that impose restrictions, limitations, registration, reporting and disclosure requirements on our business, and add complexity to our global compliance operations.
uncertainties regarding the global economy remain for the foreseeable future. as we continue to confront the challenges of the current economic and regulatory environments, we remain focused on the investment performance of our products and on providing high quality service to our clients. we continuously perform reviews of our business model. while we remain focused on expense management, we will also seek to attract, retain and develop employees and invest strategically in systems and technology that will provide a secure and stable environment. we will continue to seek to protect and further our brand recognition while developing and maintaining broker-dealer and client relationships. the success of these and other strategies may be influenced by the factors discussed in the "risk factors" section in part i of this annual report on form 10‐k.
33
results of operations
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                                          2019 vs. 2018     2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                             2019                  2018                  2017
operating revenues                                           $5,774.5              $6,319.1              $6,392.2               (9       %)       (1       %)
operating income                                              1,557.4               2,118.6               2,264.3              (26       %)       (6       %)
net income attributable to franklin resources, inc.           1,195.7                 764.4               1,696.7               56        %      (55       %)
diluted earnings per share                                      $2.35                 $1.39                 $3.01               69        %      (54       %)
operating margin 1                                               27.0   %              33.5   %              35.4   %
___________________
1   defined as operating income divided by total operating revenues.
operating income decreased $561.2 million in fiscal year 2019 as operating revenues decreased 9% while operating expenses were unchanged. net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. increased $431.3 million primarily due to a prior-year estimated income tax charge of $968.8 million resulting from enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act"), partially offset by the decrease in operating income.
operating income decreased $145.7 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2018 ("fiscal year 2018") due to a 1% decrease in operating revenues and a 2% increase in operating expenses. net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. decreased $932.3 million primarily due to the estimated income tax charge of $968.8 million resulting from enactment of the tax act.
diluted earnings per share increased in fiscal year 2019 and decreased in fiscal year 2018, consistent with the changes in net income and the impacts of 6% and 4% decreases in diluted average common shares outstanding primarily resulting from repurchases of shares of our common stock.
assets under management aum by investment objective was as follows:
(in billions)                                                                            2019 vs. 2018         2018 vs. 2017
as of september 30,                 2019                2018                2017
equity global/international          $158.4              $194.4              $209.8              (19   %)               (7   %)
united states                  112.1               115.2               107.2               (3   %)                7   %
total equity                   270.5               309.6               317.0              (13   %)               (2   %)
multi-asset/balanced           134.3               138.9               143.3               (3   %)               (3   %)
fixed income tax-free                        66.3                63.9                71.0                4   %               (10   %)
taxable global/international           144.6               150.6               165.0               (4   %)               (9   %)
united states                   67.4                44.8                50.6               50   %               (11   %)
total fixed income             278.3               259.3               286.6                7   %               (10   %)
cash management                  9.5                 9.3                 6.3                2   %                48   %
total                         $692.6              $717.1              $753.2               (3   %)               (5   %)
average for the year          $697.0              $740.5              $736.9               (6   %)                    %
aum at september 30, 2019 decreased 3% from september 30, 2018 as $31.8 billion of net outflows and $19.1 billion of net market change, distributions and other were partially offset by $26.4 billion from an acquisition. average aum decreased 6% during fiscal year 2019.
34
aum at september 30, 2018 decreased 5% from september 30, 2017 as $38.0 billion of net outflows and $7.9 billion of net market change, distributions and other were partially offset by $9.8 billion from an acquisition. average aum increased slightly during fiscal year 2018.
average aum is generally more indicative of trends in revenue for providing investment management services than the year-over-year change in ending aum.
average aum and the mix of average aum by investment objective are shown below.
(in billions)                                                                            average aum         2019 vs. 2018         2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2019                2018                2017
equity global/international                              $171.7              $205.8              $203.7              (17   %)                         %
united states                                      109.0               110.2               104.4               (1   %)                6        %
total equity                                       280.7               316.0               308.1              (11   %)                3        %
multi-asset/balanced                               133.4               140.6               140.2               (5   %)                0        %
fixed income tax-free                                            63.9                67.3                72.3               (5   %)               (7       %)
taxable global/international                               151.1               160.6               157.8               (6   %)                2        %
united states                                       58.4                48.0                52.3               22   %                (8       %)
total fixed income                                 273.4               275.9               282.4               (1   %)               (2       %)
cash management                                      9.5                 8.0                 6.2               19   %                29        %
total                                             $697.0              $740.5              $736.9               (6   %)                0        %
mix of average aum for the fiscal years ended september 30,          2019           2018           2017
equity global/international                           25    %        28    %        28    %
united states                                  16    %        15    %        14    %
total equity                                   41    %        43    %        42    %
multi-asset/balanced                           19    %        19    %        19    %
fixed income tax-free                                        9    %              %              %
taxable global/international                           22    %        22    %        21    %
united states                                   8    %              %              %
total fixed income                             39    %              %              %
cash management                                 1    %         1    %         1    %
total                                         100    %       100    %       100    %
35
components of the change in aum are shown below. net market change, distributions and other includes appreciation (depreciation), distributions to investors that represent return on investments and return of capital, foreign exchange revaluation and net cash management.
(in billions)                                                                                                  2019 vs. 2018         2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2019                2018                2017
beginning aum                                       $717.1              $753.2              $733.3               (5   %)                3   %
long-term sales                                      100.6               105.0               112.3               (4   %)               (7   %)
long-term redemptions                               (155.9   )          (162.1   )          (169.7   )           (4   %)               (4   %)
long-term net exchanges                               (0.7   )            (0.4   )            (0.1   )           75   %               300   %
long-term reinvested distributions                    24.2                19.5                18.9               24   %                 3   %
net flows                                            (31.8   )           (38.0   )           (38.6   )          (16   %)               (2   %)
acquisitions                                          26.4                 9.8                 0.4              169   %                nm net market change, distributions and other           (19.1   )            (7.9   )            58.1              142   %                nm ending aum                                          $692.6              $717.1              $753.2               (3   %)               (5   %)
components of the change in aum by investment objective were as follows:
(in billions)                                                                               equity                                                                                                                fixed income for the fiscal year ended                            global/international            united states           multi-asset/balanced           tax-free             taxableglobal/international             taxable united states       cashmanagement                   total september 30, 2019
aum at october 1, 2018                                    $194.4                     $115.2                       $138.9                  $63.9                           $150.6                               $44.8                 $9.3                        $717.1
long-term sales                                             17.7                       17.0                         12.1                    7.5                             38.8                                 7.5                 -                            100.6
long-term redemptions                                      (43.4        )             (23.0      )                 (21.3        )          (9.9    )                       (44.8           )                   (13.5         )       -                           (155.9   )
long-term net exchanges                                     (1.8        )              (0.5      )                   1.3                    0.2                             (0.1           )                     0.2                 -                             (0.7   )
long-term reinvested distributions                           5.0                        5.7                          5.7                    1.7                              5.1                                 1.0                 -                             24.2
net flows                                                  (22.5        )              (0.8      )                  (2.2        )          (0.5    )                        (1.0           )                    (4.8         )       -                            (31.8   )
acquisition                                                    -                          -                            -                      -                                -                                26.4                 -                             26.4
net market change, distributions and other                 (13.5        )              (2.3      )                  (2.4        )           2.9                             (5.0           )                     1.0             0.2                              (19.1   )
aum at september 30, 2019                                 $158.4                     $112.1                       $134.3                  $66.3                           $144.6                               $67.4                 $9.5                        $692.6
(in billions)                                                                               equity                                                                                                                fixed income for the fiscal year ended                            global/international            united states           multi-asset/balanced           tax-free             taxableglobal/international             taxable united states       cashmanagement                   total september 30, 2018
aum at october 1, 2017                                    $209.8                     $107.2                       $143.3                  $71.0                           $165.0                               $50.6                 $6.3                        $753.2
long-term sales                                             22.8                       16.6                         15.3                    5.6                             36.9                                 7.8                 -                            105.0
long-term redemptions                                      (48.0        )             (23.6      )                 (23.2        )         (11.9    )                       (42.2           )                   (13.2         )       -                           (162.1   )
long-term net exchanges                                     (0.3        )               0.9                          0.2                   (0.6    )                        (0.8           )                     0.2                 -                             (0.4   )
long-term reinvested distributions                           2.8                        4.0                          5.5                    2.0                              4.1                                 1.1                 -                             19.5
net flows                                                  (22.7        )              (2.1      )                  (2.2        )          (4.9    )                        (2.0           )                    (4.1         )       -                            (38.0   )
acquisition                                                  9.8                          -                            -                      -                                -                                   -                 -                              9.8
net market change, distributions and other                  (2.5        )              10.1                         (2.2        )          (2.2    )                       (12.4           )                    (1.7         )   3.0                               (7.9   )
aum at september 30, 2018                                 $194.4                     $115.2                       $138.9                  $63.9                           $150.6                               $44.8                 $9.3                        $717.1
36
(in billions)                                                                               equity                                                                                                                fixed income for the fiscal year ended                            global/international            united states           multi-asset/balanced           tax-free             taxableglobal/international             taxable united states       cashmanagement                   total september 30, 2017
aum at october 1, 2016                                    $200.4                     $103.3                       $137.4                  $76.5                           $156.2                               $53.4                 $6.1                        $733.3
long-term sales                                             24.7                       14.7                         16.8                    7.4                             38.2                                10.5                 -                            112.3
long-term redemptions                                      (48.4        )             (25.4      )                 (25.7        )         (11.6    )                       (44.3           )                   (14.3         )       -                           (169.7   )
long-term net exchanges                                     (0.1        )               0.3                          0.4                   (0.5    )                        (0.4           )                     0.2                 -                             (0.1   )
long-term reinvested distributions                           3.0                        4.3                          5.1                    2.0                              3.4                                 1.1                 -                             18.9
net flows                                                  (20.8        )              (6.1      )                  (3.4        )          (2.7    )                        (3.1           )                    (2.5         )       -                            (38.6   )
acquisition                                                    -                          -                          0.4                      -                                -                                   -                 -                              0.4
net market change, distributions and other                  30.2                       10.0                          8.9                   (2.8    )                        11.9                                (0.3         )   0.2                               58.1
aum at september 30, 2017                                 $209.8                     $107.2                       $143.3                  $71.0                           $165.0                               $50.6                 $6.3                        $753.2
aum decreased $24.5 billion or 3% during fiscal year 2019 due to $31.8 billion of net outflows and $19.1 billion of net market change, distributions and other, partially offset by $26.4 billion from an acquisition. the net outflows included outflows of $7.0 billion from six institutional clients, of which $2.9 billion was from canadian mandates and $2.1 billion was due to two clients' mandatory redemption policies following portfolio manager departures; $4.3 billion from two global/international equity funds; $2.7 billion from a global/international fixed income fund; $1.4 billion from an institutional u.s. fixed income product; $1.3 billion from a multi-asset/balanced fund; $1.2 billion from two sub-advised institutional products and $1.0 billion from a sub-advised variable annuity client. the outflows were partially offset by inflows of $1.9 billion in a global/international fixed income fund and $1.8 billion in a u.s. equity fund. long-term sales decreased 4% to $100.6 billion from the prior year due to lower sales in global/international equity and multi-asset/balanced products, partially offset by higher sales in tax-free and global/international fixed income products. long-term redemptions decreased 4% to $155.9 billion due to lower redemptions in global/international equity, tax-free fixed income and multi-asset/balanced products, partially offset by higher redemptions of global/international fixed income products. net market change, distributions and other primarily consists of $30.5 billion of long-term distributions and a $2.9 billion decrease from foreign exchange revaluation, partially offset by $14.1 billion of market appreciation. the foreign exchange revaluation resulted from aum in products that are not u.s. dollar denominated, which represented 14% of total aum as of september 30, 2019, and was primarily due to strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro, canadian dollar, australian dollar and pound sterling. the market appreciation occurred in all long-term investment objectives except global/international equity, and reflected positive returns in global fixed income markets as evidenced by a 7.6% increase in the bloomberg barclays global aggregate index and in the u.s. equity market as evidenced by a 4.3% increase in the s&p 500 index.
aum decreased $36.1 billion or 5% during fiscal year 2018 due to $38.0 billion of net outflows and $7.9 billion of net market change, distributions and other, partially offset by $9.8 billion from an acquisition. the net outflows included outflows of $7.6 billion from seven institutional products, $6.0 billion from three global/international fixed income funds, $4.5 billion from two global/international equity funds, $4.1 billion from a multi-asset/balanced fund and $0.9 billion from a fixed income tax-free fund, and were partially offset by inflows of $3.3 billion in a global/international fixed income fund, $3.0 billion in two institutional products and $1.2 billion in a multi-asset/balanced fund. long-term sales decreased 7% to $105.0 billion from the prior year due to lower sales in all long-term investment objectives with the exception of u.s. equity. long-term redemptions decreased 4% to $162.1 billion due to lower redemptions in all long-term investment objectives with the exception of tax-free fixed income. net market change, distributions and other primarily consists of $25.3 billion of long-term distributions and a $4.7 billion decrease from foreign exchange revaluation, partially offset by $19.1 billion of market appreciation. the foreign exchange revaluation resulted from aum in products that are not u.s. dollar denominated, which represented 15% of total aum as of september 30, 2018, and was primarily due to strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the indian rupee, canadian dollar and australian dollar. the market appreciation occurred primarily in equity and multi-asset/balanced products, partially offset by depreciation in global/international fixed income products, and reflected positive returns in global equity markets as evidenced by increases of 11.8% and 17.9% in the msci world index and s&p 500 index and negative returns in global fixed income markets as evidenced by a 1.3% decrease in the bloomberg barclays global aggregate index.
37
average aum by sales region was as follows:
(in billions)                                                                                            2019 vs. 2018        2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2019                2018                2017
united states                                     $473.3              $491.1              $497.1           (4   %)              (1       %)
international europe, middle east and africa                      91.5               105.8               104.1          (14   %)               2        %
asia-pacific                                        90.4                95.2                87.0           (5   %)               9        %
canada                                              27.2                31.1                31.1          (13   %)              0%
latin america 1                                     14.6                17.3                17.6          (16   %)              (2       %)
total international                               $223.7              $249.4              $239.8          (10   %)               4        %
total                                             $697.0              $740.5              $736.9           (6   %)               0        %
______________
1   includes north america-based advisers serving non-resident clients.
the percentage of average aum in the united states sales region was 68%, 66% and 67% for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017.
the region in which investment products are sold may differ from the geographic area in which we provide investment management and related services to the products.
investment performance overview a key driver of our overall success is the long-term investment performance of our investment products. a standard measure of the performance of these products is the percentage of aum exceeding benchmarks and peer group medians. our u.s. equity products generated notable long-term results with at least 67% of aum exceeding the peer group medians during the periods presented, although they generally lagged against the benchmarks. our global/international fixed income products had at least 74% of aum exceed the benchmark and peer group median comparisons for the three- and ten-year periods ended september 30, 2019. the performance of our multi-asset/balanced products significantly exceeded the peer group medians for the one- and ten-year periods, but has lagged in the other comparisons and against the benchmarks during the periods presented, reflecting the performance of a fund that represents 68% of this category. the performance of our tax-free and u.s. taxable fixed income, as well as of our global/international equity products, has mostly lagged the benchmarks and peer group medians during the periods presented.
38
the performance of our products against benchmarks and peer group medians is presented in the table below.
benchmark comparison 1, 2                                            peer group comparison 1, 3
% of aum exceeding benchmark                              % of aum in top two peer group quartiles as of september 30, 2019          1-year           3-year           5-year          10-year          1-year            3-year            5-year           10-year equity global/international            27     %         24     %         24     %         23     %        37     %          29     %                 %                 %
united states                   49     %         30     %         32     %         27     %        87     %          69     %          67     %          73     %
total equity                    37     %         27     %         27     %         25     %        59     %          47     %          45     %          49     %
multi-asset/balanced                   %                %          7     %          1     %        87     %          25     %          17     %          74     %
fixed income tax-free                        47     %         39     %         44     %         41     %        49     %          46     %          45     %          45     %
taxable global/international             8     %         78     %          7     %         76     %        16     %          74     %          52     %          80     %
united states                    2     %         40     %          8     %         54     %        13     %          20     %          11     %           5     %
total fixed income              17     %         61     %         18     %         60     %        24     %          58     %          43     %          55     %
_______________
1   aum measured in the 1-year benchmark and peer group rankings represents 85% of our total aum as of september 30, 2019.
2   the benchmark comparisons are based on each fund's return as compared to a market index that has been selected to be generally consistent with the investment objectives of the fund.
3   the peer group rankings are sourced from lipper, a thomson reuters company, morningstar or evestment and various international third-party providers in each fund's market and were based on an absolute ranking of returns. © 2019 morningstar, inc. all rights reserved. the information herein: (1) is proprietary to morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. neither morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
for products with multiple share classes, rankings for all share classes with applicable history in their respective time periods are included. rankings for most institutional separate accounts are as of the prior quarter-end due to timing of availability of information. private equity and debt funds, certain privately-offered emerging market and real estate funds, cash management funds and certain hedge and other funds are not included. certain other funds and products were also excluded because of limited benchmark or peer group data. had this data been available, the results may have been different. these results assume the reinvestment of dividends, are based on data available as of october 16, 2019 and are subject to revision. while we remain focused on achieving strong long-term performance, our future benchmark and peer group rankings may vary from our past performance.
operating revenues the table below presents the percentage change in each operating revenue category.
(in millions)                                                                                                  2019 vs. 2018         2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2019                  2018                  2017
investment management fees                        $3,985.2              $4,367.5              $4,359.2           (9   %)                0   %
sales and distribution fees                        1,444.6               1,599.8               1,705.6          (10   %)               (6   %)
shareholder servicing fees                           216.3                 221.9                 225.7           (3   %)               (2   %)
other                                                128.4                 129.9                 101.7           (1   %)               28   %
total operating revenues                          $5,774.5              $6,319.1              $6,392.2           (9   %)               (1   %)
39
investment management fees investment management fees are generally calculated under contractual arrangements with our investment products and the products for which we provide sub-advisory services as a percentage of aum. annual fee rates vary by investment objective and type of services provided. fee rates for products sold outside of the u.s. are generally higher than for u.s. products.
investment management fees decreased $382.3 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to a 6% decrease in average aum, a $59.6 million decrease from a change in presentation of certain fees from investment management fees to distribution fees upon adoption of new revenue recognition accounting guidance on october 1, 2018, and a lower effective investment management fee rate, partially offset by higher performance fees. the decrease in average aum occurred primarily in the global/international and multi-asset/balanced investment objectives, partially offset by an increase in the u.s. taxable fixed income investment objective, and across all sales regions, most significantly in the u.s. and europe, middle east and africa.
investment management fees increased $8.3 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to a slight increase in average aum partially offset by lower performance fees. average aum increases in the asia-pacific and europe, middle east and africa sales regions were largely offset by a decrease in the u.s.
our effective investment management fee rate excluding performance fees (investment management fees excluding performance fees divided by average aum) was 56.4 basis points for fiscal year 2019 and 58.7 basis points for both fiscal years 2018 and 2017. the rate decrease in fiscal year 2019 was primarily due to lower weighting of aum in the global/international equity investment objective, which generally has the highest fee rates, along with a higher mix of aum in lower fee products within the u.s. and europe, middle east and africa sales regions for this investment objective, and the $59.6 million decrease from the change in presentation of certain fees discussed above, partially offset by higher rates and mix of aum in the u.s. taxable fixed income investment objective.
performance-based investment management fees were $52.9 million, $21.2 million and $35.5 million for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017. the increase in fiscal year 2019 was primarily due to performance fees earned from a private debt fund, separate accounts and a real estate fund, while the decrease in fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to lower fees from separate accounts.
u.s. industry asset-weighted average management fee rates were as follows:
(in basis points)                                          industry average for the fiscal years ended september 30,       2019        2018        2017
equity global/international                             43          47          50
united states                                    30          32          35
multi-asset/balanced                             45          47          49
fixed income tax-free                                         32
taxable global/international 3                           34          36          39
united states                                    28
cash management                                  16          16          15
________________
1   u.s. industry asset-weighted average management fee rates were calculated using information available from lipper, a thomson reuters company, as of september 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 and include all u.s.-registered open-end funds that reported expense data to lipper as of the funds' most recent annual report date, and for which expenses were equal to or greater than zero. as defined by lipper, management fees include fees from providing advisory and fund administration services. the averages combine retail and institutional funds data and include all share classes and distribution channels, without exception. variable annuity and fund of fund products are not included.
2   the decreases in the average rate in fiscal years 2019 and 2018 reflect higher weightings of two large low-fee passive funds.
3   the decreases in the average rate in fiscal years 2019 and 2018 reflect higher weightings of a large low-fee passive fund and lower weightings of two large higher-fee actively managed funds.
40
the declines in u.s. industry average management fee rates for long-term investment objectives generally reflect increased investor demand for lower-fee passive funds. our actual effective investment management fee rates are generally higher than the u.s. industry average rates as we actively manage substantially all of our products and have a higher level of international aum, both of which generate higher fees. our fiscal year 2019 effective fee rates in the u.s. were generally comparable with the prior year, except for a higher effective fee rate for u.s. taxable fixed income products resulting from the acquisition of benefit street partners l.l.c. ("bsp"), a u.s. alternative credit manager, in february 2019. our u.s. effective fee rates decreased during fiscal year 2018 to a lesser extent than the average industry rates.
our product offerings and global operations are diverse. as such, the impact of future changes in aum on investment management fees will be affected by the relative mix of investment objective, geographic region, distribution channel and investment vehicle of the assets.
sales and distribution fees sales and distribution fees primarily consist of upfront sales commissions and ongoing distribution fees. sales commissions are earned from the sale of certain classes of sponsored funds at the time of purchase ("commissionable sales") and may be reduced or eliminated depending on the amount invested and the type of investor. therefore, sales fees will change with the overall level of gross sales, the size of individual transactions, and the relative mix of sales between different share classes and types of investors.
our sponsored mutual funds generally pay us distribution fees in return for sales, marketing and distribution efforts on their behalf. the majority of u.s.-registered mutual funds, with the exception of certain money market funds, have adopted distribution plans under rule 12b-1 (the "rule 12b-1 plans") promulgated under the investment company act of 1940. the rule 12b-1 plans permit the funds to pay us for marketing, marketing support, advertising, printing and sales promotion services relating to the distribution of their shares, subject to the rule 12b-1 plans' limitations on amounts based on daily average aum. similar arrangements exist for the distribution of non-u.s. funds.
we pay substantially all of our sales and distribution fees to the financial advisers and other intermediaries who sell our funds on our behalf. see the description of sales, distribution and marketing expenses below.
sales and distribution fees by revenue driver are presented below.
(in millions)                                                                                                  2019 vs. 2018         2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                  2019                  2018                  2017
asset-based fees                                  $1,188.2              $1,314.3              $1,345.1          (10   %)               (2   %)
sales-based fees                                     244.0                 270.3                 350.8          (10   %)              (23   %)
contingent sales charges                              12.4                  15.2                   9.7          (18   %)       57           %
sales and distribution fees                       $1,444.6              $1,599.8              $1,705.6          (10   %)               (6   %)
asset-based distribution fees decreased $126.1 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to decreases of $120.5 million from a 9% decrease in the related average aum and $67.6 million from a lower mix of u.s. class c assets which have higher fee rates than other share classes, partially offset by a $59.6 million increase from a change in presentation of certain fees to distribution fees from investment management fees upon adoption of new revenue recognition accounting guidance on october 1, 2018. asset-based distribution fees decreased $30.8 million in fiscal year 2018 as a $60.3 million decrease in u.s. product fees primarily due to a 5% decrease in the related average u.s. aum was partially offset by a $29.5 million increase in non-u.s. product fees primarily due to a 4% increase in the related average international aum.
sales-based fees decreased $26.3 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to decreases of $18.2 million from a 5% decrease in total commissionable sales and $5.3 million from a lower mix of u.s. product commissionable sales. sales-based fees decreased $80.5 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to an $84.6 million decrease from a 26% decrease in total commissionable sales. commissionable sales represented 9% of total sales for both fiscal years 2019 and 2018, and 11% for fiscal year 2017.
contingent sales charges are earned from investor redemptions within a contracted period of time. substantially all of these charges are levied on certain shares sold without a front-end sales charge, and vary with the mix of redemptions of these shares. contingent sales charges decreased $2.8 million in fiscal year 2019 and increased $5.5 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to changes in redemptions of non-u.s. products.
41
shareholder servicing fees substantially all shareholder servicing fees are earned from our sponsored funds for providing transfer agency services, which include providing shareholder statements, transaction processing, customer service and tax reporting. these fees are primarily determined based on a percentage of aum and either the number of transactions in shareholder accounts or the number of shareholder accounts, while fees from certain funds are based only on aum. in addition, fund reimbursements of expenses incurred while providing transfer agency services are recognized as revenue effective october 1, 2018 under new revenue recognition guidance. prior to november 1, 2017, the fees for u.s. funds were based on a fixed charge per shareholder account that varied by fund type and service provided.
shareholder servicing fees decreased $5.6 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to lower levels of related aum and transactions, partially offset by $8.6 million of fund expense reimbursement revenue. shareholder servicing fees decreased $3.8 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to a $4.9 million decrease from u.s. funds which reflects lower levels of transactions and aum under the new fee structure, partially offset by a $1.0 million increase from funds in europe resulting from higher levels of related aum.
other other revenue decreased $1.5 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to lower interest and dividend income from consolidated investment products ("cips"), largely offset by higher miscellaneous fee revenues. other revenue increased $28.2 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to higher interest and dividend income from cips.
operating expenses the table below presents the percentage change in each operating expense category.
(in millions)                                             2019                  2018                  2017         2019 vs. 2018         2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30, sales, distribution and marketing                 $1,819.6              $2,039.7              $2,130.9              (11       %)           (4       %)
compensation and benefits                          1,584.7               1,390.6               1,333.7               14        %            4        %
information systems and technology                   258.5                 243.9                 219.8                6        %           11        %
occupancy                                            133.6                 128.6                 121.3                4        %            6        %
general, administrative and other                    420.7                 397.7                 322.2                6        %           23        %
total operating expenses                          $4,217.1              $4,200.5              $4,127.9                0        %            2        %
sales, distribution and marketing sales, distribution and marketing expenses primarily relate to services provided by financial advisers, broker-dealers and other third parties to our sponsored funds, including marketing support services. substantially all sales expenses are incurred from the same commissionable sales transactions that generate sales fee revenues and are determined as a percentage of sales. substantially all distribution expenses are incurred from assets that generate distribution fees and are determined as a percentage of aum. marketing support expenses are based on aum, sales or a combination thereof. also included is the amortization of deferred sales commissions related to upfront commissions on shares sold without a front-end sales charge. the deferred sales commissions are amortized over the periods in which commissions are generally recovered from related revenues.
sales, distribution and marketing expenses by cost driver are presented below.
(in millions)                                               2019                  2018                  2017        2019 vs. 2018         2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30, asset-based expenses                                $1,476.0              $1,703.9              $1,735.8             (13   %)               (2   %)
sales-based expenses                                   257.8                 255.1                 323.1               1   %               (21   %)
amortization of deferred sales commissions              85.8                  80.7                  72.0               6   %        12           %
sales, distribution and marketing                   $1,819.6              $2,039.7              $2,130.9             (11   %)               (4   %)
42
asset-based expenses decreased $227.9 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to decreases of $161.4 million from a 10% decrease in the related average aum, and $64.3 million from a lower mix of u.s. class c assets which have higher expense rates than other share classes. asset-based expenses decreased $31.9 million in fiscal year 2018 as a $60.8 million decrease in u.s. product expenses primarily due to a 5% decrease in the related average u.s. aum was partially offset by a $28.9 million increase in non-u.s. product expenses primarily due to a 2% increase in the related average international aum. distribution expenses, which are typically higher for non-u.s. products, are generally not directly correlated with distribution fee revenues due to certain international fee structures that do not provide full recovery of distribution costs.
sales-based expenses increased $2.7 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to increases of $22.6 million from the recognition of sales commissions on u.s. class c shares as expense at the time of sale and $10.0 million from revised u.s. dealer commission pricing effective september 2018, partially offset by decreases of $14.2 million from a 5% decrease in total commissionable sales and $12.6 million in india primarily related to regulatory-driven changes in fee structure. the recognition of sales commissions on u.s. class c shares as expense at the time of sale is consistent with the treatment of contract costs with a useful life of one year or less under new revenue recognition accounting guidance adopted on october 1, 2018. the commissions relate to shares sold without a front-end sales charge and were deferred and amortized over one year in prior years.
sales-based expenses decreased $68.0 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to a $75.0 million decrease from a 26% decrease in total commissionable sales, partially offset by a $4.4 million increase from a higher average commission rate resulting from a higher mix of u.s. product commissionable sales. u.s. products typically generate higher sales commissions than non-u.s. products.
amortization of deferred sales commissions increased $5.1 million in fiscal year 2019, as the impact of higher sales of shares sold without a front-end sales charge was largely offset by the change in accounting for u.s. class c shares discussed above, which resulted in no further deferral and amortization. the unamortized deferred class c commission balance of $9.1 million at september 30, 2018 was reversed against retained earnings upon adoption of the new accounting guidance. amortization of deferred sales commissions increased $8.7 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to a $21.0 million increase from higher sales of non-u.s. shares sold without a front-end sales charge, partially offset by a $12.0 million decrease from lower such sales of u.s. shares.
compensation and benefits compensation and benefit expenses increased $194.1 million in fiscal year 2019 due to increases of $162.6 million in salaries, wages and benefits and $31.5 million in variable compensation. salaries, wages and benefits increased primarily due to increases of $60.7 million from acquisition-related retention compensation, $60.1 million in termination benefits, $24.5 million for annual salary increases that were effective december 1, 2018 and 2017, and $23.8 million from higher average staffing levels primarily due to acquisitions, partially offset by a $12.5 million decrease from favorable foreign currency impacts. the increase in termination benefits was primarily due to special benefits related to the voluntary separation of approximately 250 employees, which was 2.5% of our global workforce, and an additional 2.0% workforce reduction. variable compensation increased primarily due to a $46.6 million increase for acquired firms' performance bonus plans, partially offset by an $18.0 million decrease in bonus expense based on our lower performance.
we expect to incur additional acquisition-related retention expenses of approximately $80 million during the fiscal year ending september 30, 2020 ("fiscal year 2020"), and amounts that decrease by approximately $10 million per year in the following four fiscal years. we also expect to incur termination benefit expenses of approximately $6 million during fiscal year 2020 related to outsourcing our fund administration services.
compensation and benefit expenses increased $56.9 million in fiscal year 2018 due to a $69.1 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits, partially offset by a $12.2 million decrease in variable compensation. the increase in salaries, wages and benefits was primarily due to increases of $25.1 million from higher average staffing levels, $21.9 million for annual merit salary adjustments that were effective december 1, 2017 and 2016, $14.2 million in termination benefits and $6.5 million from unfavorable foreign currency impacts. the decrease in variable compensation was primarily due to decreases of $24.0 million related to unvested mutual fund awards and $5.5 million in stock and stock unit award amortization, partially offset by a $14.2 million increase in bonus expense primarily due to higher staffing levels.
variable compensation as a percentage of compensation and benefits was 31%, 33% and 36% for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017. at september 30, 2019, our global workforce had decreased to approximately 9,600 employees from approximately 9,700 at september 30, 2018.
43
we continue to place a high emphasis on our pay for performance philosophy. as such, any changes in the underlying performance of our investment products or changes in the composition of our incentive compensation offerings could have an impact on compensation and benefit expenses going forward. however, in order to attract and retain talented individuals, our level of compensation and benefit expenses may increase more quickly or decrease more slowly than our revenue.
information systems and technology information systems and technology expenses increased $14.6 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to higher external data service and software costs, and increased $24.1 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to higher technology consulting and software costs.
details of capitalized information systems and technology costs are shown below.
(in millions)
for the fiscal years ended september 30,                2019                2018                2017
net carrying value at beginning of year           $106.2              $102.1               $88.1
additions, net of disposals                         53.8                51.2                63.1
amortization                                       (48.0   )           (47.1   )           (49.1   )
net carrying value at end of year                 $112.0              $106.2              $102.1
occupancy we conduct our worldwide operations using a combination of leased and owned facilities. occupancy expenses include rent and other facilities-related costs including depreciation and utilities.
occupancy expenses increased $5.0 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to higher levels of rent expense and building depreciation and maintenance, partially offset by a $6.3 million decrease in equipment impairment. occupancy expenses increased $7.3 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to $6.6 million of equipment impairment.
during the second half of fiscal year 2019 we completed construction of two new buildings at our corporate headquarters campus in san mateo, california and purchased an office building in poznan, poland. the additions of these new properties will result in increased annual depreciation and other occupancy expenses of approximately $12 million beginning in fiscal year 2020.
general, administrative and other general, administrative and other operating expenses primarily consist of fund-related service fees payable to external parties, professional fees, advertising and promotion, travel and entertainment, and other miscellaneous expenses.
general, administrative and other operating expenses increased $23.0 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to a $13.9 million litigation settlement and higher third-party service fees, intangible asset amortization and professional fees. third-party fees primarily for sub-advisory and fund administration services increased $13.7 million, including $8.6 million from the recognition of certain payments reimbursed by funds as expense upon adoption of new revenue recognition accounting guidance on october 1, 2018. intangible asset amortization increased $12.9 million and professional fees increased $10.6 million, both primarily related to the current year acquisition of benefit street partners, l.l.c. the increases were partially offset by decreases of $11.1 million in contingent consideration expense for the k2 advisors holdings, llc ("k2") acquisition, $9.7 million in cips expenses and $8.6 million in advertising and promotion. the total consideration for the k2 acquisition was finalized during fiscal year 2019.
general, administrative and other operating expenses increased $75.5 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to higher contingent consideration expense, third-party service fees, professional fees, advertising and promotion, and travel and entertainment expenses. contingent consideration expense increased $26.9 million due to revised estimates of future revenues and profits from k2 and a prior-year decline in other acquisition-related aum. third-party fees primarily for sub-advisory and fund administration services increased $17.6 million, professional fees increased $16.6 million related to various corporate activities, and advertising and promotion and travel and entertainment expenses increased $7.3 million and $6.6 million due to higher activity levels.
44
we are committed to investing in advertising and promotion in response to changing business conditions, and to advance our products where we see continued or potential new growth opportunities. as a result of potential changes in our strategic marketing campaigns, the level of advertising and promotion expenses may increase more rapidly, or decrease more slowly, than our revenues.
other income (expenses)
other income (expenses) consisted of the following:
(in millions)                                                                                            2019 vs. 2018     2018 vs. 2017
for the fiscal years ended september 30,   2019                2018                2017
investment and other income, net                  $115.1              $145.3              $336.3          (21   %)          (57   %)
interest expense                                   (24.7   )           (48.7   )           (51.5   )      (49   %)           (5   %)
other income, net                                  $90.4               $96.6              $284.8           (6   %)          (66   %)
investment and other income, net consists primarily of dividend and interest income, income (losses) from equity method investees, gains (losses) on investments held by the company and investments of cips, rental income and foreign currency exchange gains (losses).
other income, net decreased $6.2 million in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to losses from equity method investees, as compared to income in the prior year, lower interest income and losses on investments held by the company, as compared to gains in the prior year. these decreases were largely offset by higher dividend income, lower losses on investments held by cips, lower interest expense and higher foreign exchange gains. equity method investees generated losses of $10.4 million as compared to income of $44.4 million in the prior year primarily due to changes in market valuations of investments held by two global equity funds. interest income decreased $45.5 million primarily due to lower levels of cash equivalents and debt securities, partially offset by higher interest rates. investments held by the company generated net losses of $9.7 million primarily due to $9.0 million of other-than-temporary impairment of an available-for-sale debt security, as compared to net gains of $6.0 million in the prior year. the decreases were partially offset by a $45.9 million increase in dividend income primarily due to higher yields on, and investments in, money market funds, and a $28.7 million decrease in net losses on investments held by cips primarily from holdings of various global/international funds and a u.s. fixed income fund. interest expense decreased $24.0 million primarily due to $12.5 million of prior-year costs related to early redemption of senior notes and lower debt balances. net foreign currency exchange gains increased $12.5 million primarily from the impact of strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro on cash and cash equivalents denominated in u.s. dollars held in europe.
other income, net decreased $188.2 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to losses on investments held by cips, lower income from equity method investees and lower net gains on trading investment securities, partially offset by higher dividend income and foreign exchange gains. investments held by cips generated net losses of $55.0 million, as compared to net gains of $118.2 million in the prior year. the losses were primarily from lower market valuations of holdings by an emerging markets equity fund with a significant exposure in turkey, several global/international fixed income funds and a u.s. fixed income fund. income from equity method investees decreased $63.5 million primarily due to lower gains and losses on investments held by three global equity funds, one of which incurred losses on turkish holdings, and a global macro hedge fund. net gains on trading investment securities decreased $11.1 million primarily due to losses and lower gains from fixed income funds and other debt and equity securities. the decreases were partially offset by a $37.2 million increase in dividend income primarily due to higher investments in, and yields on, money market funds, and net foreign currency exchange gains of $0.6 million, as compared to net losses of $16.0 million in the prior year, primarily from the impact of strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro on cash and cash equivalents denominated in u.s. dollars held in europe.
significant portions of the net gains (losses) of cips are offset in noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of income.
our investments in sponsored funds include initial cash investments made in the course of launching mutual fund and other investment product offerings, as well as investments for other business reasons. the market conditions that impact our aum similarly affect the investment income earned or losses incurred on our investments in sponsored funds.
we lease excess owned space in our san mateo, california corporate headquarters and various other office buildings to third parties, from which we earned rental income of $19.8 million and $15.9 million in fiscal years 2019 and 2018. additional leases taking effect in fiscal year 2020 are expected to increase annual rental income by approximately $9 million.
45
our cash, cash equivalents and investments portfolio by investment objective and accounting classification at september 30, 2019, excluding third-party assets of cips, was as follows:
accounting classification 1            total direct portfolio
(in millions)                                              cash and cash equivalents and other 2             equity securities,            equity method investments            direct investmentsin cips at fair value cash and cash equivalents                                                $5,803.4                                   $-                                 $-                                   $-                           $5,803.4
investments equity global/international                                                          9.3                                111.3                              603.4                                133.3                              857.3
united states                                                                 8.1                                  5.5                               13.2                                 48.1                               74.9
total equity                                                                 17.4                                116.8                              616.6                                181.4                              932.2
multi-asset/balanced                                                          3.1                                 19.9                               39.5                                109.7                              172.2
fixed income tax-free                                                                        -                                    -                                  -                                  6.1                                6.1
taxable global/international                                                         43.0                                197.8                              125.6                                627.7                              994.1
united states                                                                28.9                                195.5                              151.7                                206.7                              582.8
total fixed income                                                           71.9                                393.3                              277.3                                840.5                            1,583.0
total investments                                                            92.4                                530.0                              933.4                              1,131.6                            2,687.4
total cash and cash equivalents and investments                          $5,895.8                               $530.0                             $933.4                             $1,131.6                           $8,490.8
______________
1   see note 1 - significant accounting policies, note 2 - new accounting guidance and note 6 - investments in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10‐k for information on investment accounting classifications.
2   other consists of $48.2 million of debt securities and $11.5 million of investments in life settlement contracts, both of which are measured at fair value, and $32.7 million of investments carried at adjusted cost.
taxes on income the tax act, which was enacted into law in the u.s. in december 2017, includes various changes to the tax law, including a permanent reduction in the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018 and assessment of a one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign subsidiaries' earnings. we completed our analysis of the tax act impact during the quarter ended december 31, 2018 with no significant adjustment to the provisional amounts previously recorded. the transition tax expense recognized in fiscal year 2018 was net of an $87.6 million tax benefit related to u.s. taxation of deemed foreign dividends. this benefit was reversed in fiscal year 2019 upon issuance of final regulations by the u.s. department of treasury.
our effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2019 was 26.8% as compared to 66.5% in fiscal year 2018 and 29.8% in fiscal year 2017. the rate decrease in fiscal year 2019 was primarily due to the prior year impact of the transition tax, net of the tax benefit from the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the lower statutory rate, and the current year impact of the lower 21% statutory rate as compared to the prior-year blended statutory rate of 24.5%, partially offset by the reversal of the tax benefit related to the u.s. taxation of deemed foreign dividends. the rate increase in fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to the impact of the transition tax, partially offset by the lower federal statutory rate and the net tax benefit from the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities. our effective income tax rate excluding the one-time impacts of the tax act was 21.6% and 22.7% for fiscal years 2019 and 2018.
our effective income tax rate reflects the relative contributions of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which have varying tax rates. changes in our pre-tax income mix, tax rates or tax legislation in the jurisdictions may affect our effective income tax rate and net income.
46
liquidity and capital resources cash flows were as follows:
(in millions)
for the fiscal years ended september 30,   2019                  2018                                 2017
operating cash flows                                $201.6              $2,229.7              $1,135.4
investing cash flows                              (1,077.1   )            (290.4   )              52.0
financing cash flows                                 (40.5   )          (3,761.7   )            (956.0   )
net cash provided by operating activities decreased in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to activities of cips which had net purchases of investments as compared to net liquidations in the prior year. net cash used in investing activities increased primarily due to cash paid for the bsp acquisition and higher net additions of property and equipment primarily related to construction of two new buildings at our corporate headquarters campus in san mateo, california and a purchased office building in poznan, poland. net cash used in financing activities decreased primarily due to lower dividends paid on, and repurchases of, common stock, higher net subscriptions in cips by noncontrolling interests, and a prior-year debt payment.
net cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to activities of cips which had net liquidations of investments as compared to net purchases in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in our investments as compared to a decrease in the prior year. net cash used in investing activities, as compared to net cash provided in the prior year, primarily resulted from net purchases of other investments by cips, as compared to net liquidations in the prior year, and higher cash paid for acquisitions. net cash used in financing activities increased primarily due to higher dividends paid on common stock, lower net subscriptions in cips by noncontrolling interests and higher repurchases of common stock, partially offset by lower payments on debt by cips.
the assets and liabilities of cips attributable to third-party investors do not impact our liquidity and capital resources. we have no right to the cips' assets, other than our direct equity investment in them and investment management and other fees earned from them. the debt holders of the cips have no recourse to our assets beyond the level of our direct investment, therefore we bear no other risks associated with the cips' liabilities. accordingly, the assets and liabilities of cips, other than our direct investments in them, are excluded from the amounts and discussion below.
our liquid assets and debt consisted of the following:
(in millions)
as of september 30,                        2019                  2018                  2017
assets cash and cash equivalents          $5,803.4              $6,610.8              $8,523.3
receivables                           740.0                 733.7                 767.8
investments                         2,029.4               2,130.6               1,995.2
total liquid assets                $8,572.8              $9,475.1             $11,286.3
liability debt                                 $696.9                $695.9              $1,044.2
liquidity liquid assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, receivables and certain investments. cash and cash equivalents at september 30, 2019 primarily consist of money market funds and deposits with financial institutions. liquid investments consist of investments in sponsored and other funds, direct investments in redeemable cips, other equity and debt securities, and time deposits with maturities greater than three months.
47
we utilize a significant portion of our liquid assets to satisfy operational and regulatory requirements and fund capital contributions to sponsored and other products. certain of our subsidiaries are required by our internal policy or regulation to maintain minimum levels of capital, and may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash to their parent companies. liquid assets used to satisfy these purposes were $3,429.0 million at september 30, 2019 and $3,382.6 million at september 30, 2018, including $263.3 million and $252.6 million that was restricted by regulatory requirements. should we require more capital than is available for use, we could elect to reduce the level of discretionary activities, such as share repurchases or investments in sponsored and other products, or we could raise capital through debt or equity issuance. these alternatives could result in increased interest expense, decreased dividend or interest income, or other dilution to our earnings.
capital resources we believe that we can meet our present and reasonably foreseeable operating cash needs and future commitments through existing liquid assets, continuing cash flows from operations, the ability to issue debt or equity securities and borrowing capacity under our uncommitted private placement program.
in prior fiscal years, we issued senior unsecured unsubordinated notes for general corporate purposes, to redeem outstanding notes and to finance an acquisition. at september 30, 2019, $699.4 million of the notes were outstanding with an aggregate face value of $700.0 million. the notes were issued at fixed interest rates and consist of $300.0 million at 2.80% per annum which mature in 2022 and $400.0 million at 2.85% per annum which mature in 2025.
interest on the notes is payable semi-annually. the notes contain an optional redemption feature that allows us to redeem each series of notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at any time, at a make-whole redemption price. the indentures governing the notes contain limitations on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to pledge voting stock or profit participating equity interests in our subsidiaries to secure other debt without similarly securing the notes equally and ratably. the indentures also include requirements that must be met if we consolidate or merge with, or sell all of our assets to, another entity. we were in compliance with all debt covenants at september 30, 2019.
at september 30, 2019, we had $500.0 million of short-term commercial paper available for issuance under an uncommitted private placement program which has been inactive since 2012 and is unrated.
our ability to access the capital markets in a timely manner depends on a number of factors, including our credit rating, the condition of the global economy, investors' willingness to purchase our securities, interest rates, credit spreads and the valuation levels of equity markets. if we are unable to access capital markets in a timely manner, our business could be adversely impacted.
uses of capital we expect that our main uses of cash will be to invest in and grow our business, repurchase shares of our common stock, invest in our products, fund property and equipment purchases, pay operating expenses of the business, enhance technology infrastructure and business processes, pay stockholder dividends and income taxes, and repay and service debt.
we repatriate the earnings in excess of regulatory, capital or operational requirements for substantially all non-u.s. subsidiaries. prior to january 1, 2018, we indefinitely reinvested the undistributed earnings of all non-u.s. subsidiaries, except for income previously taxed in the u.s. or subject to regulatory or legal repatriation restrictions or requirements.
we declare dividends on a quarterly basis. we declared regular dividends of $1.04 per share ($0.26 per share per quarter) in fiscal year 2019, and regular dividends of $0.92 per share ($0.23 per share per quarter) and a special dividend of $3.00 per share in fiscal year 2018. we currently expect to continue paying comparable regular dividends on a quarterly basis to holders of our common stock depending upon earnings and other relevant factors.
we maintain a stock repurchase program to manage our equity capital with the objective of maximizing shareholder value. our stock repurchase program is effected through regular open-market purchases and private transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and is not subject to an expiration date. the size and timing of these purchases will depend on price, market and business conditions and other factors. during fiscal years 2019 and 2018, we repurchased 24.6 million and 39.9 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $756.3 million and $1,426.7 million. at september 30, 2019, 47.2 million shares remained available for repurchase under the authorization of 80.0 million shares approved by our board of directors in april 2018.
48
we invested $128.0 million, net of redemptions, in our sponsored products during fiscal year 2019, and redeemed $105.9 million, net of investments, during fiscal year 2018.
on february 1, 2019, we acquired all of the outstanding ownership interests in benefit street partners l.l.c., a u.s. alternative credit manager, for a purchase consideration of $720.1 million in cash. during fiscal year 2018, we paid $86.8 million, net of cash acquired, and issued 0.8 million shares of our common stock related to acquisitions.
during fiscal year 2019, we completed construction of two new buildings at our corporate headquarters campus in san mateo, california with a total cost of approximately $130 million and purchased an office building in poznan, poland with a total cost of approximately $86 million. the buildings are used in our business operations, and portions of the space may be leased to third parties.
on may 21, 2018, we redeemed our outstanding $350.0 million 4.625% senior notes due in may 2020 at a make-whole redemption price of $361.9 million.
the funds that we manage have their own resources available for purposes of providing liquidity to meet shareholder redemptions, including securities that can be sold or provided to investors as in-kind redemptions, and lines of credit. while we have no legal or contractual obligation to do so, we may voluntarily elect to provide the funds with direct or indirect financial support based on our business objectives. we did not provide financial or other support to our sponsored funds during fiscal year 2019. during fiscal year 2018, we purchased $32.6 million of certain equity and debt securities from two sponsored funds.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments.
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                    payments due by fiscal year as of september 30, 2019                                     2020                2021                2022                2023                2024               there-                 total after debt principal                                                $0.2                  $-              $300.0                  $-                  $-              $400.0                 $700.2
interest                                                 19.8                19.8                19.8                11.4                11.4                 5.7                   87.9
operating leases                                         49.5                45.3                40.9                39.1                36.7               149.1                  360.6
purchase obligations                                    158.6                75.6                28.9                16.8                17.1                 0.6                  297.6
total contractual obligations                           228.1               140.7               389.6                67.3                65.2               555.4                1,446.3
committed capital contributions                         267.8                   -                   -                   -                   -                   -                  267.8
federal transition tax liability                         49.9                74.1                74.1                74.1               138.9               416.8                  827.9
total contractual obligations and commitments          $545.8              $214.8              $463.7              $141.4              $204.1              $972.2               $2,542.0
__________________
1   debt principal represents maturity amount.
2   purchase obligations include contractual amounts that will be due to purchase goods and services to be used in our operations and may be canceled at earlier times than those indicated under certain conditions that may include termination fees.
3   committed capital contributions relate to discretionary commitments to invest in sponsored funds and other investment products and entities. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown as they are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment periods.
4   transition tax on the deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign subsidiaries' earnings under the tax act.
the debt holders of cips have no recourse to our assets beyond the level of our direct investments, therefore we bear no risks associated with these entities' liabilities and have not included them in the table above. see note 11 - consolidated investment products in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10‐k.
at september 30, 2019, our consolidated balance sheet included liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $202.6 million and related accrued interest of $11.9 million (see note 13 - taxes on income in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10‐k). because of the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing and amounts of future cash outflows, unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest are not included in the table above.
49
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, which require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. these estimates, judgments and assumptions are affected by our application of accounting policies. actual results could differ from the estimates. described below are the accounting policies that we believe are most critical to understanding our financial position and results of operations. for additional information about our accounting policies, see note 1 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10‐k.
consolidation we consolidate our subsidiaries and investment products in which we have a controlling financial interest. we have a controlling financial interest when we own a majority of the voting interest in a voting interest entity ("voe") or are the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity ("vie").
a vie is an entity in which the equity investment holders have not contributed sufficient capital to finance its activities or do not have defined rights and obligations normally associated with an equity investment. the assessment of whether an entity is a vie or voe involves judgment and analysis on a structure-by-structure basis. when performing the assessment we consider factors such as the entity's legal organization and capital structure, the rights of the equity investment holders and our contractual involvement with and ownership interest in the entity. substantially all of our vies are investment products and our variable interests consist of our equity ownership interests in and investment management fees earned from these products.
we are the primary beneficiary of a vie if we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of or right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie. investment management fees earned from vies are excluded from the primary beneficiary determination if they are deemed to be at market and commensurate with service. the key estimates and assumptions used in the analyses include the amount of aum and the life of the investment product. these estimates and assumptions are subject to variability. for example, aum is impacted by market volatility and the level of sales, redemptions, distributions to investors and reinvested distributions. there is judgment involved in assessing whether we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact vies' economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of or right to receive benefits from vies that could potentially be significant to the vies. as of september 30, 2019, we were the primary beneficiary of 37 investment product vies.
business combinations business combinations are accounted for by recognizing the acquired assets, including separately identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities at their acquisition-date estimated fair values. any excess of the purchase consideration over the acquisition-date fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recognized as goodwill. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. during the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded in earnings.
intangible assets acquired in business combinations consist of investment management contracts. the fair values of the acquired intangible assets are based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows attributable to the contracts, which include significant assumptions about forecasts of the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin, average effective fee rate, effective tax rate and discount rate. our estimates are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable, but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, may differ from actual results. the intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to 15 years, using the straight-line method, unless the asset is determined to have an indefinite useful life. indefinite-lived intangible assets represent contracts to manage investment assets for which there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change that more likely than not reduce the fair value of the related reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. we have one reporting unit, investment management and related services, consistent with our single operating segment, to which all goodwill has been assigned.  we make significant estimates and assumptions when evaluating goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment.
50
we may first assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. the qualitative analysis considers entity-specific and macroeconomic factors and their potential impact on the key assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset. a quantitative impairment test is performed if the results of the qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, or if a qualitative assessment is not performed. quantitative tests compare the fair value of the asset to its carrying value.
the fair values of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets are based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which include significant assumptions about the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin, average effective fee rate, effective tax rate and discount rate. the most relevant of these assumptions to the determination of estimated fair value are the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin and the discount rate.
we performed our annual impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of august 1, 2019. we performed a quantitative test for goodwill and the majority of indefinite-lived intangible assets, and recognized $9.3 million of impairment of intangible assets related to canadian management contracts due to revised estimates of future pre-tax profit margins and aum growth rates for the associated fund products. the estimated fair values of the reporting unit and substantially all of the other indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded their carrying values by more than 55%. we estimated the discounted future cash flows for goodwill using compounded annual aum growth rates ranging from (3.0%) to 4.0%, and for indefinite-lived intangible assets from (0.1%) to 12.7%, which were developed taking into account ongoing volatility in the capital markets, and a discount rate of 9.3%, which is based on our weighted average cost of capital. a hypothetical 500 basis point decline in the aum growth rates or a 500 basis point increase in the discount rate would not reduce the estimated fair values of the reporting unit or other indefinite-lived intangible assets below their carrying values.
we performed a qualitative assessment for 37% of the indefinite-lived intangible assets and concluded it is more likely than not that the fair value of the specific intangible assets exceeds their carrying value.
we subsequently monitored market conditions and their potential impact on the assumptions used in the annual calculations of fair value to determine whether circumstances have changed that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value, or indicate that the other indefinite-lived intangible assets might be impaired. we considered, among other things, changes in our aum and weighted-average cost of capital by assessing whether these changes would impact the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the impairment tests as of august 1, 2019. we also monitored fluctuations of our common stock per share price to evaluate our market capitalization relative to the reporting unit as a whole. subsequent to august 1, 2019, there were no impairments of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets as no events occurred or circumstances changed that would indicate these assets might be impaired.
we test definite-lived intangible assets for impairment quarterly. impairment is indicated when the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. recoverability is evaluated based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows using assumptions about the aum growth rate, pre-tax profit margin, average effective fee rate and expected useful life. the most relevant of these assumptions to determine future cash flows is the aum growth rate. if the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable through undiscounted cash flows, impairment is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the asset's fair value, as determined by discounted cash flows or other methods as appropriate for the asset type. we recognized $4.0 million of impairment of definite-lived intangible assets during fiscal year 2019 primarily due to lower aum growth rate assumptions.
while we believe that the assumptions used to estimate fair value in our impairment tests are reasonable and appropriate, future changes in the assumptions could result in recognition of impairment.
fair value measurements a substantial amount of our investments is recorded at fair value or amounts that approximate fair value on a recurring basis. we use a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. the assessment of the hierarchy level of the assets or liabilities measured at fair value is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. see note 1 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10‐k for more information on the fair value hierarchy.
51
as of september 30, 2019, level 3 assets represented 22% of total assets measured at fair value, substantially all of which related to cips' investments in equity and debt securities, and real estate. there were $36.1 million of transfers out of, and insignificant transfers into, level 3 during fiscal year 2019.
following are descriptions of the significant assets measured at fair value and their fair value methodologies.
equity securities, at fair value consist primarily of nonconsolidated sponsored funds and to a lesser extent, other equity securities. changes in the fair value of the investments are recognized as gains and losses in earnings. the fair values of funds are determined based on their published nav or estimated using nav as a practical expedient. the fair values of equity securities other than funds are determined using independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes or based on discounted cash flows using significant unobservable inputs.
debt securities consist of trading and available-for-sale securities and are carried at fair value. changes in the fair value of trading securities are recognized as gains and losses in earnings. unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are recorded net of tax as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized, at which time they are recognized in earnings using the average cost method. the fair values of debt securities are determined using independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes or based on discounted cash flows using significant unobservable inputs.
investments of cips consist of marketable debt and equity securities and other investments that are not generally traded in active markets, and are carried at fair value. changes in the fair value of the investments are recognized as gains and losses in earnings. the fair values of marketable securities are determined using quoted market prices, or independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes if quoted market prices are not available. the investments that are not generally traded in active markets consist of equity and debt securities of entities in emerging markets, fund products, other equity and debt instruments, real estate and loans. the fair values are determined using significant unobservable inputs in either a market-based or income-based approach, except for fund products, for which fair values are estimated using nav as a practical expedient.
revenues we earn revenue primarily from providing investment management and related services to our customers. in addition to investment management, services include fund administration, sales and distribution, and shareholder servicing. revenues are recognized when our obligations related to the services are satisfied and it is probable that a significant reversal of the revenue amount would not occur in future periods. the obligations are satisfied over time as the services are rendered, except for the sales and distribution obligations for the sale of shares of sponsored funds, which are satisfied on trade date. multiple services included in customer contracts are accounted for separately when the obligations are determined to be distinct. management judgement is involved in assessing the probability of significant revenue reversal and in the identification of distinct services.
fees from providing investment management and fund administration services ("investment management fees"), other than performance-based investment management fees, are determined based on a percentage of aum, primarily on a monthly basis using daily average aum, and are recognized as the services are performed over time. performance-based investment management fees are generated when investment products' performance exceeds targets established in customer contracts. these fees are recognized when the amount is no longer probable of significant reversal and may relate to investment management services that were provided in prior periods.
sales and distribution fees primarily consist of upfront sales commissions and ongoing distribution fees. sales commissions are based on contractual rates for sales of certain classes of sponsored funds and are recognized on trade date. distribution service fees are determined based on a percentage of aum, primarily on a monthly basis using daily average aum. as the fee amounts are uncertain on trade date, they are recognized over time as the amounts become known and may relate to sales and distribution services provided in prior periods.
aum is generally based on the fair value of the underlying securities held by investment products and is calculated using fair value methods derived primarily from unadjusted quoted market prices, unadjusted independent third-party broker or dealer price quotes in active markets, or market prices or price quotes adjusted for observable price movements after the close of the primary market. the fair values of securities for which market prices are not readily available are valued internally using various methodologies which incorporate significant unobservable inputs as appropriate for each security type. pricing of the securities is governed by our global valuation and pricing policy, which defines valuation and pricing conventions for each security type, including practices for responding to unexpected or unusual market events. as of september 30, 2019, our total aum by fair value hierarchy level was 50% level 1, 45% level 2 and 5% level 3.
52
as substantially all of our aum is valued based on observable market prices or inputs, market risk is the most significant risk underlying the valuation of our aum.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements using the statutory tax rates in effect for the year when the reported amount of the asset or liability is expected to be recovered or settled, respectively. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date. a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying values of deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. for each tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation. a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement.
as a multinational corporation, we operate in various locations outside the u.s. and generate earnings worldwide. we repatriate earnings in excess of regulatory, capital or operational requirements for substantially all our non-u.s. subsidiaries.
loss contingencies we are involved in various lawsuits and claims encountered in the normal course of business. when such a matter arises and periodically thereafter, we consult with our legal counsel and evaluate the merits of the claims based on the facts available at that time. in management's opinion, an adequate accrual has been made as of september 30, 2019 to provide for any probable losses that may arise from such matters for which we could reasonably estimate an amount. see also note 14 - commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10‐k.
new accounting guidance see note 2 - new accounting guidance in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this form 10‐k.
53
selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)
(in millions, except per share data)
quarter ended                                                            december 31               march 31                june 30             september 30
fiscal year 2019
operating revenues                                                    $1,411.5                $1,433.8               $1,476.7               $1,452.5
operating income                                                         411.5                   379.5                  374.9                  391.5
net income attributable to franklin resources, inc. 1                    275.9                   367.5                  245.9                  306.4
earnings per share basic                                                                    $0.54                   $0.72                  $0.48                  $0.61
diluted                                                                   0.54                    0.72                   0.48                   0.61
dividends declared per share                                             $0.26                   $0.26                  $0.26                  $0.26
aum (in billions)
ending                                                                  $649.9                  $712.3                 $715.2                 $692.6
average                                                                  683.2                   688.6                  710.8                  702.0
fiscal year 2018
operating revenues                                                    $1,615.5                $1,617.8               $1,558.6               $1,527.2
operating income                                                         581.1                   555.7                  503.1                  478.7
net income (loss) attributable to franklin resources, inc. 1            (583.3     )             443.2                  402.0                  502.5
earnings (loss) per share basic                                                                   $(1.06     )             $0.79                  $0.75                  $0.96
diluted                                                                  (1.06     )              0.78                   0.75                   0.96
dividends declared per share                                             $0.23                   $3.23                  $0.23                  $0.23
aum (in billions)
ending                                                                  $753.8                  $737.5                 $724.1                 $717.1
average                                                                  752.7                   751.8                  731.7                  724.3
__________________
1   net income (loss) attributable to franklin resources, inc. for the quarter ended december 31, 2017 includes an estimated income tax charge of $1.1 billion resulting from enactment of the tax act. decreases to the estimate of $0.8 million, $9.7 million, $89.6 million and $0.4 million were recognized during the quarters ended march 31, 2018, june 30, 2018, september 30, 2018 and december 31, 2018. the tax charge increased by $86.4 million during the quarter ended june 30, 2019 due to the reversal of a tax benefit recognized in fiscal year 2018 upon issuance of final regulations by the u.s. department of treasury.
risk factors for a description of certain risk factors and other important factors that may affect us, our subsidiaries and our business, please see the description of the risk factors set forth under item 1a of part i of this form 10‐k, which is incorporated herein by reference.
54
