item 1a. risk factors we believe the following discussion identifies the most significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. if any of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. additional risks not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
our global business is subject to commercial, political, and financial risks, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and corruption risk.
our products are sold in more than 170 countries; accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, including commercial, political, and financial risks. in the long term, we expect our growth rates in emerging markets, to surpass our growth rates in the united states and more developed markets. however, we still expect our international developed markets to provide growth opportunities for us. if shipments of our products - particularly jack daniel's tennessee whiskey - to our global markets were to experience significant disruption due to these risks or for other reasons, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
in addition, we are subject to potential business disruption caused by military conflicts; potentially unstable governments or legal systems; civil or political upheaval or unrest; local labor policies and conditions; possible expropriation, nationalization, or confiscation of assets; problems with repatriation of foreign earnings; economic or trade sanctions; closure of markets to imports; anti-american sentiment; terrorism or other types of violence in or outside the united states; and health pandemics. for example, last year, the united states imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum. in response, a number of countries imposed retaliatory tariffs on u.s. imports, including on our american whiskey products. such retaliatory tariffs continue to remain in place, and any further deterioration of economic relations between the united states and other countries or any increase in tariffs could result in an increase in the price of our products and could prompt consumers to seek alternative products. furthermore, uncertainty related to the future of the european union may affect our business and financial performance in europe. for instance, in june 2016, the united kingdom voted by referendum to leave the european union (brexit), and, until the united kingdom's exit from the european union is finalized, we face economic and political uncertainty related to the negotiation of any successor trading arrangement with other countries as well as volatility in exchange rates, risk to supply chains across the european union, restrictions on the mobility of employees and consumers, or changes to customs duties, tariffs, or industry specific requirements and regulations. in addition, any new trade barriers, sanctions, tariffs, or any retaliatory measures in response to the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our operations. our success will depend, in part, on our ability to overcome the challenges we encounter with respect to these risks and other factors affecting u.s. companies with global operations.
the more we expand our business globally, the more exchange rate fluctuations relative to the u.s. dollar influence our financial results. in many markets outside the united states, we sell our products and pay for some goods, services, and labor primarily in local currencies. because our foreign currency revenues exceed our foreign currency expense, we have a net exposure to changes in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to those currencies. over time, our reported financial results generally will be hurt by a stronger u.s. dollar and improved by a weaker one. we do not attempt to hedge all of our foreign currency exposure. we may, from time to time, attempt to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure through the use of foreign currency derivatives or other means; however, even in those cases, we may not succeed in fully eliminating our foreign currency exposure. for details on how foreign exchange affects our business, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign currency exchange rate risk."
some countries where we do business have a higher risk of corruption than others. while we are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable anti-corruption and other laws, our code of conduct, code of ethics for senior financial officers, and our other policies, we remain subject to the risk that an employee will violate our policies, or that any of our many affiliates or agents, such as importers, wholesalers, distributors, or other business partners, may take action determined to be in violation of international trade, money laundering, anti-corruption, or other laws, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, the u.k. bribery act 2010, or equivalent local laws. any determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in compliance with u.s. or foreign laws or regulations could result in investigations, interruption of business, loss of business partner relationships, suspension or termination of licenses and permits (our own or those of our partners), imposition of fines, legal or equitable sanctions, negative publicity, and management distraction. further, our continued compliance with applicable anti-corruption or other laws, our code of conduct, code of ethics for senior financial officers, and our other policies could result in higher operating costs.
15
national and local governments may adopt regulations or undertake investigations that could limit our business activities or increase our costs.
our business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements regarding production, exportation, importation, marketing and promotion, labeling, distribution, pricing, and trade practices, among others. changes in laws, regulatory measures, or governmental policies, or the manner in which current ones are interpreted, could cause us to incur material additional costs or liabilities, and jeopardize the growth of our business in the affected market. specifically, governments may prohibit, impose, or increase limitations on advertising and promotional activities, or times or locations where beverage alcohol may be sold or consumed, or adopt other measures that could limit our opportunities to reach consumers or sell our products. certain countries historically have banned all television, newspaper, magazine, and digital commerce/advertising for beverage alcohol products. increases in regulation of this nature could substantially reduce consumer awareness of our products in the affected markets and make the introduction of new products more challenging.
additional regulation in the united states and other countries addressing climate change, use of water, and other environmental issues could increase our operating costs. increasing regulation of fuel emissions could increase the cost of energy, including fuel, required to operate our facilities or transport and distribute our products, thereby substantially increasing the production, distribution, and supply chain costs associated with our products.
unfavorable economic conditions could negatively affect our operations and results.
unfavorable global or regional economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results. unfavorable economic conditions could cause governments to increase taxes on beverage alcohol to attempt to raise revenue, reducing consumers' willingness to make discretionary purchases of beverage alcohol products or pay for premium brands such as ours. in unfavorable economic conditions, consumers may make more value-driven and price-sensitive purchasing choices and drink more at home rather than at restaurants, bars, and hotels, which tend to favor many of our premium and super-premium products.
unfavorable economic conditions could also adversely affect our suppliers, distributors, and retailers, who in turn could experience cash flow problems, more costly or unavailable financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. this could lead to distributor or retailer destocking, disruption in raw material supply, increase our bad debt expense, or cause us to increase the levels of unsecured credit that we provide to customers. other potential negative consequences to our business from unfavorable economic conditions include higher interest rates, an increase in the rate of inflation, deflation, exchange rate fluctuations, credit or capital market instability, or lower returns on pension assets or lower discount rates for pension obligations (possibly requiring higher contributions to our pension plans). for details on the effects of changes in the value of our benefit plan obligations and assets on our financial results, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign currency exchange rate risk."
tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results.
our business is sensitive to changes in both direct and indirect taxes. as a multinational company based in the united states, we are more exposed to the impact of u.s. tax changes than most of our major competitors, especially those that affect the effective corporate income tax rate.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (tax act). the tax act significantly revised the u.s. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering u.s. corporate income tax rates and implementing a territorial tax system. shortly after the tax act was enacted, the u.s. securities and exchange commission issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act (sab 118) to address the application of gaap. sab 118 directs taxpayers to consider the impact of the tax act as provisional when a company does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for the change in tax law. in accordance with sab 118, we recorded an original provisional estimate of the effect of the tax act in our 2018 consolidated financial statements and have subsequently finalized our accounting analysis based on the guidance, interpretations, and data available as of december 22, 2018. however, many aspects of the tax act are still unclear and may not be clarified for some time. for additional detail regarding the tax act and the final tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
new tax rules, accounting standards, or pronouncements, and changes in interpretation of existing rules, standards, or pronouncements could also have a significant adverse effect on our business and financial results. this includes potential
16
changes in tax rules or the interpretation of tax rules arising out of the base erosion & profit shifting project initiated by the organization for economic co-operation and development, as well as changes in the interpretation of tax rules arising out of the european union state aid investigations.
our business operations are also subject to numerous duties or taxes that are not based on income, sometimes referred to as "indirect taxes." these indirect taxes include excise taxes, sales or value-added taxes, property taxes, payroll taxes, import and export duties, and tariffs. increases in or the imposition of new indirect taxes on our operations or products would increase the cost of our products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make our products less affordable, which could negatively affect our financial results by reducing purchases of our products and encouraging consumers to switch to lower-priced or lower-taxed product categories. as governmental entities look for increased sources of revenue, they may increase taxes on beverage alcohol products. in 2018, we have observed excise tax increases in australia, france, and turkey.
our business performance is substantially dependent upon the continued health of the jack daniel's family of brands.
the jack daniel's family of brands is the primary driver of our revenue and growth. jack daniel's is an iconic global trademark with a loyal consumer fan base, and we invest much effort and many resources to protect and preserve the brand's reputation for authenticity, craftsmanship, and quality. a brand's reputational value is based in large part on consumer perceptions, and even an isolated incident that causes harm - particularly one resulting in widespread negative publicity - could adversely influence these perceptions and erode consumer trust and confidence in the brand. significant damage to the brand equity of jack daniel's would adversely affect our business. given the importance of jack daniel's to our overall success, a significant or sustained decline in volume or selling price of our jack daniel's products would have a negative effect on our financial results. additionally, should we not be successful in our efforts to maintain or increase the relevance of the jack daniel's brand to current and future consumers, our business and operating results could suffer. for details on the importance of the jack daniel's family of brands to our business, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations - fiscal 2019 brand highlights."
changes in consumer preferences and purchases, any decline in the social acceptability of our products, or governmental adoption of policies disadvantageous to beverage alcohol could negatively affect our business results.
we are a branded consumer products company in a highly competitive market, and our success depends substantially on our continued ability to offer consumers appealing, high-quality products. consumer preferences and purchases may shift, often in unpredictable ways, due several factors, including health and wellness trends; changes in economic conditions, demographic, and social trends; public health policies and initiatives; changes in government regulation of beverage alcohol products; concerns or regulations related to product safety; legalization of marijuana use on a more widespread basis within the united states, canada, or elsewhere; and changes in trends related to travel, leisure, dining, gifting, entertaining, and beverage consumption trends. consumers may begin to shift their consumption and purchases of our premium and super-premium products, more commonly found in on-premise establishments, in favor of off-premise purchases or away from alcoholic beverages entirely. this includes consumption at home as a result of various factors, including shifts in social trends, proliferation of smoking bans, and stricter laws relating to driving while under the influence of alcohol, as well as shifts to purchases of our products to e-commerce retailers. shifts in consumption and purchasing channels such as these could adversely impact our profitability. consumers also may begin to prefer the products of competitors or may generally reduce their demand for brands produced by larger companies. over the past several years, the number of small, local distilleries in the united states has grown significantly. this is being driven by a trend of consumers showing increasing interest in locally produced, regionally sourced products. as more brands enter the market, increased competition could negatively affect demand for our premium and super-premium american whiskey brands, including jack daniel's. in addition, we could experience unfavorable business results if we fail to attract consumers from diverse backgrounds and ethnicities in all markets where we sell our products. demographic forecasts in the united states for the next couple of years after 2018 indicate a slight decrease in the population segment aged 21 to 24; fewer potential consumers in this age bracket could have a negative effect on industry growth rates and on our business. to continue to succeed, we must anticipate or react effectively to shifts in demographics, consumer behavior, consumer preferences, drinking tastes, and drinking occasions.
our plans call for the continued growth of the jack daniel's family of brands. in particular, we plan to continue to grow jack daniel's tennessee honey sales globally and plan to launch jack daniel's tennessee apple in the united states in fiscal 2020. if these plans do not succeed, or if we otherwise fail to develop or implement effective business, portfolio, and brand strategies, our growth, stock price, or financial results could suffer. more broadly, if consumers shift away from spirits (particularly brown spirits such as american whiskey and bourbon), our premium-priced brands, or our rtd products, our financial results could be adversely affected.
17
we believe that new products, line extensions, label and bottle changes, product reformulations, and similar product innovations by both our competitors and us will compete increasingly for consumer drinking occasions. product innovation, particularly for our core brands, such as our launch of jack daniel's tennessee apple, is a significant element of our growth strategy; however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to develop and implement successful line extensions, packaging, formulation or flavor changes, or new products. unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations could result in inventory write-offs and other costs, reduction in profits from one year to the next, and also could damage consumers' perception of the brand family. our inability to attract consumers to our product innovations relative to our competitors' products - especially over time - could negatively affect our growth, business, and financial results.
our ability to market and sell our products depends heavily on societal attitudes toward drinking and governmental policies that both flow from and affect those attitudes. in recent years, increased social and political attention has been directed at the beverage alcohol industry. for example, there remains continued attention focused largely on public health concerns related to alcohol abuse, including drunk driving, underage drinking, and the negative health impacts of the abuse and misuse of beverage alcohol. while most people who drink enjoy alcoholic beverages in moderation, it is commonly known and well reported that excessive levels or inappropriate patterns of drinking can lead to increased risk of a range of health conditions and, for certain people, can result in alcohol dependence. some academics, public health officials, and critics of the alcohol industry in the united states, europe, and other parts of the world continue to seek governmental measures to make beverage alcohol more expensive, less available, or more difficult to advertise and promote. if future scientific research indicate more widespread serious health risks associated with alcohol consumption - particularly with moderate consumption - or if for any reason the social acceptability of beverage alcohol declines significantly, sales of our products could decrease.
production facility disruption could adversely affect our business.
some of our largest brands, including jack daniel's, finlandia vodka, and our tequilas, are distilled at single locations. a catastrophic event causing physical damage, disruption, or failure at any one of our major distillation or bottling facilities, including facilities that support the production of our premium brands such as woodford reserve and old forester, could adversely affect our business. further, because whiskeys and some tequilas are aged for various periods, we maintain a substantial inventory of aged and maturing products in warehouses at a number of different sites. the loss of a substantial amount of aged inventory - through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or otherwise - could significantly reduce the supply of the affected product or products. a consequence of any of these or other supply or supply chain disruptions could prevent us from meeting consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time. in addition, insurance proceeds may be insufficient to cover the replacement value of our inventory of maturing products and other assets if they were to be lost. disaster recovery plans may not prevent business disruption, and reconstruction of any damaged facilities could require a significant amount of time.
the inherent uncertainty in supply/demand forecasting could adversely affect our business, particularly with respect to our aged products.
there is an inherent risk of forecasting imprecision in determining the quantity of aged and maturing products to produce and hold in inventory in a given year for future sale. the forecasting strategies we use to balance product supply with fluctuations in consumer demand may not be effective for particular years or products. for example, in addition to our american, canadian, and irish whiskeys and some tequilas, which are aged for various periods, our scotch whisky brands and distilleries including the glendronach, benriach, and glenglassaugh require long-term maturation on average of 12 years with limited releases of 30 years or more, making forecasts of demand for such products in future periods subject to significant uncertainty. factors that affect our ability to forecast accurately include changes in business strategy, market demand, consumer preferences, macroeconomic conditions, introductions of competing products, and other changes in market conditions. any forecasting error could lead to our inability to meet the objectives of our business strategy, failure to meet future demand, or a future surplus of inventory and consequent write-down in value of maturing stocks. if we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products or efficiently manage inventory, this may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. further, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in using various levers, such as pricing changes, to create the desired balance of available supply and consumer demand for particular years or products. as a consequence, we may be unable to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time. furthermore, not having our products in the market on a consistent basis may adversely affect our brand equity and future sales.
higher costs or unavailability of materials could adversely affect our financial results, as could our inability to obtain certain finished goods or to sell used materials.
18
our products use materials and ingredients that we purchase from suppliers. our ability to make and sell our products depends upon the availability of the raw materials, product ingredients, finished products, wood, glass and pet bottles, cans, bottle closures, packaging, and other materials used to produce and package them. without sufficient quantities of one or more key materials, our business and financial results could suffer. for instance, only a few glass producers make bottles on a scale sufficient for our requirements, and a single producer supplies most of our glass requirements. in addition, if we were to experience a disruption in the supply of american white oak logs to produce the new charred oak barrels in which we age our whiskeys, our production capabilities would be compromised. if any of our key suppliers were no longer able to meet our timing, quality, or capacity requirements, ceased doing business with us, or significantly raised prices, and we could not promptly develop alternative cost-effective sources of supply or production, our operations and financial results could suffer.
higher costs or insufficient availability of suitable grain, agave, water, grapes, wood, glass, closures, and other input materials, or higher associated labor costs or insufficient availability of labor, may adversely affect our financial results. similarly, when energy costs rise, our transportation, freight, and other operating costs, such as distilling and bottling expenses, also may increase. our freight cost and the timely delivery of our products could be adversely affected by a number of factors that could reduce the profitability of our operations, including driver shortages, higher fuel costs, weather conditions, traffic congestion, increased government regulation, and other matters. our financial results may be adversely affected if we are not able to pass along energy and freight cost increases through higher prices to our customers without reducing demand or sales.
international or domestic geopolitical or other events, including the imposition of any tariffs or quotas by governmental authorities on any raw materials that we use in the production of our products, could adversely affect the supply and cost of these raw materials to us. if we cannot offset higher raw material costs with higher selling prices, increased sales volume, or reductions in other costs, our profitability could be adversely affected.
weather, the effects of climate change, fires, diseases, and other agricultural uncertainties that affect the mortality, health, yield, quality, or price of the various raw materials used in our products also present risks for our business, including in some cases potential impairment in the recorded value of our inventory. changes in weather patterns or intensity can disrupt our supply chain as well, which may affect production operations, insurance costs and coverage, and the timely delivery of our products.
water is an essential component of our products, so the quality and quantity of available water is important to our ability to operate our business. if droughts become more common or severe, or if our water supply were interrupted for other reasons, high-quality water could become scarce in some key production regions for our products, including tennessee, kentucky, california, finland, canada, mexico, scotland, and ireland, which in turn could adversely affect our business and financial results.
our ability to sell used barrels for reuse may be affected by fluctuations in the market. for example, lower prices, increased competitive supply of used barrels, and weaker demand from irish and blended scotch industry buyers may make it difficult to sell our used barrels at sustainable prices and quantities, which could negatively affect our financial results.
significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products could inhibit sales of affected products.
various jurisdictions have adopted or may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products relating to the content or perceived adverse health consequences of some of our products. several such labeling regulations or laws require warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially associated with cancer or birth defects. our products already raise health and safety concerns for some regulators, and heightened requirements could be imposed. if additional or more severe requirements of this type are imposed on one or more of our major products under current or future health, environmental, or other laws or regulations, they could inhibit sales of such products. further, we cannot predict whether our products will become subject to increased rules and regulations which, if enacted, could increase our costs or adversely impact sales. for example, advocacy groups in australia and the united kingdom have called for the consideration of requiring the sale of alcohol in plain packaging with more comprehensive health warnings in an effort to change drinking habits in those countries. these studies could result in additional governmental regulations concerning the production, marketing, labeling, or availability of our products, any of which could damage our reputation, make our premium brands unrecognizable, or reduce demand of our products, which could adversely affect our profitability.
we face substantial competition in our industry, including many new entrants into spirits; and consolidation among beverage alcohol producers, wholesalers, and retailers, or changes to our route-to-consumer model, could hinder the marketing, sale, or distribution of our products.
19
we use different business models to market and distribute our products in different countries around the world. in the united states, we sell our products either to distributors for resale to retail outlets or e-commerce retailers, in those states that control alcohol sales, to state governments who then sell them to retail customers and consumers. in our non-u.s. markets, we use a variety of route-to-consumer models - including, in many markets, reliance on others to market and sell our products. consolidation among spirits producers, distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, or retailers and the increased growth and popularity of the e-commerce retail environment across the consumer product goods market could create a more challenging competitive landscape for our products. consolidation at any level could hinder the distribution and sale of our products as a result of reduced attention and resources allocated to our brands both during and after transition periods, because our brands might represent a smaller portion of the new business portfolio. furthermore, consolidation of distributors may lead to the erosion of margins as newly consolidated distributors take down prices. changes in distributors' strategies, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry, the allocation of shelf space for our competitors' brands, or private label products, may adversely affect our sales, margin, outlook, and market share. expansion into new product categories by other suppliers, or innovation by new entrants into the market, could increase competition in our product categories. for example, we are experiencing increased competition for some of our products from new entrants in the small-batch or craft spirits category.
changes to our route-to-consumer models or partners in important markets could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruption, could result in higher costs, and could negatively affect other business relationships we might have with that partner. disruption of our distribution network or fluctuations in our product inventory levels at distributors, wholesalers, or retailers could negatively affect our results for a particular period. further, while we believe we have sufficient scale to succeed relative to our major competitors, we nevertheless face a risk that continuing consolidation of large beverage alcohol companies could put us at a competitive disadvantage.
our competitors may respond to industry and economic conditions more rapidly or effectively than we do. for example, we are facing an increasingly competitive pricing environment, and our competitors may have more flexibility to adjust to such challenges. other suppliers, as well as wholesalers and retailers of our brands, offer products that compete directly with ours for shelf space, promotional displays, and consumer purchases. pricing (including price promotions, discounting, couponing, and free goods), marketing, new product introductions, entry into our distribution networks, and other competitive behavior by other suppliers, and by wholesalers and traditional and e-commerce retailers, could adversely affect our sales, margins, and business and financial results. while we seek to take advantage of the efficiencies and opportunities that large retail customers can offer, they often seek lower pricing and purchase volume flexibility, offer competing private label products, and represent a large number of other competing products. if the buying power of these large retail customers continues to increase, it could negatively affect our financial results.
we might not succeed in our strategies for acquisitions and dispositions.
from time to time, we acquire or invest in additional brands or businesses. we expect to continue to seek acquisition and investment opportunities that we believe will increase long-term shareholder value, but we may not be able to find and purchase brands or businesses at acceptable prices and terms. acquisitions involve risks and uncertainties, including potential difficulties integrating acquired brands and personnel; the possible loss of key customers or employees most knowledgeable about the acquired business; implementing and maintaining consistent u.s. public company standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems; exposure to unknown liabilities; business disruption; and management distraction. acquisitions, investments, or joint ventures could also lead us to incur additional debt and related interest expenses, issue additional shares, and result in a reduction in our earnings per share and a decrease on our average invested capital.we could incur future restructuring charges or record impairment losses on the value of goodwill or other intangible assets resulting from previous acquisitions, which may also negatively affect our financial results.
we also evaluate from time to time the potential disposition of assets or businesses that may no longer meet our financial or strategic objectives. in selling assets or businesses, we may not get prices or terms as favorable as we anticipated. we could also encounter difficulty in finding buyers on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay our accomplishment of strategic objectives. expected cost savings from reduced overhead relating to the sold assets may not materialize, and the overhead reductions could temporarily disrupt our other business operations. any of these outcomes could negatively affect our financial results.
counterfeiting or inadequate protection of our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business prospects.
20
our brand names, trademarks, and related intellectual property rights are critical assets, and our business depends on our protecting them online and in the countries where we do business. we may not succeed in protecting our intellectual property rights in a given market or in challenging those who infringe our rights or imitate or counterfeit our products. although we believe that our intellectual property rights are legally protected in the markets where we do business, the ability to register and enforce intellectual property rights varies from country to country. in some countries, for example, it may be more difficult to successfully stop counterfeiting or look-alike products, either because the law is inadequate or, even though satisfactory legal options may exist, it may be difficult to obtain and enforce sanctions against counterfeiters. we may not be able to register our trademarks in every country where we want to sell a particular product, and we may not obtain favorable decisions by courts or trademark offices.
many global spirits brands, including some of our brands, experience problems with product counterfeiting and other forms of trademark infringement. we combat counterfeiting by working with other companies in the spirits industry through our membership in the international federation of spirits producers (ifsp) and with brand owners in other industries via our membership in react, an anti-counterfeiting network organization. while we believe ifsp and react are effective organizations, they are not active in every market, and their efforts are subject to obtaining the cooperation of local authorities and courts in the markets where they are active. despite the efforts of ifsp, react, and our own teams, lower-quality and counterfeit products that could be harmful to consumers could reach the market and adversely affect our intellectual property rights, brand equity, corporate reputation, and financial results. in addition, the industry as a whole could suffer negative effects related to the manufacture, sale, and consumption of illegally produced beverage alcohol.
product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect our sales.
the success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. we could decide to or be required to recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, product tampering, spoilage, or other quality issues. any of these events could adversely affect our financial results. actual contamination, whether deliberate or accidental, could lead to inferior product quality and even illness, injury, or death to consumers, potential liability claims, and material loss. should a product recall become necessary, or we voluntarily recall a product in the event of contamination, damage, or other quality issue, sales of the affected product or our broader portfolio of brands could be adversely affected. a significant product liability judgment or widespread product recall may negatively impact sales and our business and financial results. even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, resulting negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image.
litigation and legal disputes could expose our business to financial and reputational risk.
major private or governmental litigation challenging the production, marketing, promotion, distribution, or sale of beverage alcohol or specific brands could affect our ability to sell our products. because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend, even actions that are ultimately decided in our favor could have a negative impact on our business reputation or financial results. lawsuits have been brought against beverage alcohol companies alleging problems related to alcohol abuse, negative health consequences from drinking, problems from alleged marketing or sales practices, and underage drinking. while these lawsuits have been largely unsuccessful in the past, others may succeed in the future. we could also experience employment-related class actions, environmental claims, commercial disputes, product liability actions stemming from a beverage or container production defect, a whistleblower suit, or other major litigation that could adversely affect our business results, particularly if there is negative publicity or to the extent the losses or expenses were not covered by insurance.
governmental actions around the world to enforce trade practice, anti-money-laundering, anti-corruption, competition, tax, environmental, and other laws are also a continuing compliance risk for global companies such as ours. in addition, as a u.s. public company, we are exposed to the risk of securities-related class action suits, particularly following a precipitous drop in the share price of our stock. adverse developments in major lawsuits concerning these or other matters could result in management distraction and have a material adverse effect on our business.
a cyber breach, a failure or corruption of one or more of our key information technology systems, networks, processes, associated sites, or service providers, or a failure to comply with personal data protection laws could have a material adverse impact on our business.
we rely on information technology (it) systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, hardware (including laptops and mobile devices), software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties or their vendors, to help us manage our business. the various uses of these it systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to: hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production;
21
shipping products to customers; hosting corporate strategic plans and employee data; hosting our branded websites and marketing products to consumers; collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor, and other data; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information; complying with regulatory, legal, or tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other processes necessary to manage our business.
increased it security threats and more sophisticated cybercrimes and cyberattacks pose a potential risk to the security and availability of our it systems, networks, and services, including those that are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and the data of our customers, consumers, employees, and others. if the it systems, networks, or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of our business strategy or other sensitive information, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches to usage errors by employees and other security issues, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational, competitive, or business harm, which may adversely affect our business operations or financial results. in addition, such events could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information, and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, our employees, customers, suppliers, or consumers. in any of these events, we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and it systems, which could require a significant amount of time.
in the ordinary course of our business, we receive, process, transmit, and store information relating to identifiable individuals (personal data), primarily employees and former employees, but also relating to consumers. as a result, we are subject to various u.s. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations relating to personal data. these laws have been subject to frequent changes, and new legislation in this area may be enacted in other jurisdictions at any time. in the european union, the general data protection regulation (gdpr) became effective on may 25, 2018, for all member states and it has extraterritorial effect. the gdpr includes operational requirements for companies receiving or processing personal data of european union residents that are partially different from those that had previously been in place and includes significant penalties for noncompliance. the changes introduced by the gdpr, as well as any other changes to existing personal data protection laws and the introduction of such laws in other jurisdictions, have subjected and may continue in the future to subject us to, among other things, additional costs and expenses and have required and may in the future require costly changes to our business practices and security systems, policies, procedures, and practices. improper disclosure of personal data in violation of the gdpr and/or of other personal data protection laws could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), or result in private litigation against us, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results.
our failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent could adversely affect our business.
our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team, other key employees, and our high-quality employee base, as well as our ability to attract, motivate, reward, and retain them. difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or other employee talent, or the unexpected loss of experienced employees resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business performance, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. given the changing demographics, changes in immigration laws and policies, and increased demand for talent globally, we, as an american multinational company, may not be able to find the right people with the right skills, at the right time, and in the right location, to achieve our business objectives. additionally, companies like ours may face increased labor costs as a result of aggressive hiring and/or inflated levels of compensation offered by other employers, especially in emerging markets - notably, india and other parts of asia.
the brown family has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted for stockholder approval.
we are a "controlled company" under new york stock exchange rules. controlled companies are exempt from new york stock exchange listing standards that require a board composed of a majority of independent directors, a fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee, and a fully independent compensation committee. we avail ourselves of the exemptions from having a board composed of a majority of independent directors and a fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee. notwithstanding the available exemption, our compensation committee is composed exclusively of independent directors. as a result of our use of some "controlled company" exemptions, our corporate governance practices differ from those of non-controlled companies, which are subject to all of the new york stock exchange corporate governance requirements.
we have two classes of common stock. our class a common stock is entitled to full voting powers, including in the elections of directors, while our class b common stock may not vote except as provided by the laws of delaware. we have had
22
two classes of common stock since 1959, when our stockholders approved the issuance of two shares of class b non-voting common stock to every holder of our voting common stock. such dual-class share structures have increasingly come under the scrutiny of major indices, institutional investors, and proxy advisory firms, with some calling for the reclassification of non-voting common stock.
a majority of our voting stock is controlled by members of the brown family, and, collectively, they have the ability to control the outcome of stockholder votes, including the election of all of our directors and the approval or rejection of any merger, change of control, or other significant corporate transactions. we believe that having a long-term-focused, committed, and engaged shareholder base provides us with an important strategic advantage, particularly in a business with aged products and multi-generational brands. this advantage could be eroded or lost, however, should brown family members cease, collectively, to be controlling stockholders of the company.
we believe that it is in the interests of all shareholders that we remain independent and family-controlled, and we believe the brown family stockholders share these interests. thus, our common stock dual class share structure, as it has existed since 1959, is perpetual, and we do not have a sunset provision in our restated certificate of incorporation or by-laws that provides for the eventual reclassification of the non-voting common stock to voting common stock. however, the brown family's interests may not always be aligned with other stockholders' interests. by exercising their control, the brown family could cause the company to take actions that are at odds with the investment goals or interests of institutional, short-term, non-voting, or other non-controlling investors, or that have a negative effect on our stock price. further, because the brown family controls the majority of our voting stock, brown-forman might be a less attractive takeover target, which could adversely affect the market price of both our voting and our non-voting common stock. and the difference in voting rights for our common stock could also adversely and disproportionately affect the value of our class b non-voting common stock to the extent that investors view, or any potential future purchaser of our company views, the superior voting rights and control represented by the class a common stock to have value.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader better understand brown-forman, our operations, our financial results, and our current business environment. please read this md&a in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes contained in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" (the consolidated financial statements).
our md&a is organized as follows:
table of contents page presentation basis. this md&amp;a reflects the basis of presentation described in note 1 "accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements. in addition, we define statistical and non-gaap financial measures that we believe help readers understand our results of operations and the trends affecting our business.                         30
reclassifications. we discuss retrospective adjustments to our prior year statements of operations during fiscal years 2018 and 2017. please read this section in conjunction with note 2 to the accompanying financial statements.                                                                                                                          33
significant developments. we discuss developments during the most recent three fiscal years. please read this section in conjunction with "item 1. business," which provides a general description of our business and strategy.                                                                                                                             34
executive summary. we discuss (a) fiscal 2019 highlights and (b) our outlook for fiscal 2020, including the trends, developments, and uncertainties that we expect to affect our business.                                                                                                                                                                   36
results of operations. we discuss (a) fiscal 2019 results for our largest markets, (b) fiscal 2019 results for our largest brands, and (c) the causes of year-over-year changes in our statements of operations line items, including transactions and other items that affect the comparability of our results, for fiscal year 2019 and 2018.              39
liquidity and capital resources. we discuss (a) the causes of year-over-year changes in cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities; (b) recent and expected future capital expenditures; (c) dividends and share repurchases; and (d) our liquidity position, including capital resources available to us.         48
off-balance sheet arrangements and long-term obligations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    50
critical accounting policies and estimates. we discuss the critical accounting policies and estimates that require significant management judgment.                                                                                                                                                                                                          51
presentation basis non-gaap financial measures we use some financial measures in this report that are not measures of financial performance under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these non-gaap measures, defined below, should be viewed as supplements to (not substitutes for) our results of operations and other measures reported under gaap. other companies may not define or calculate these non-gaap measures in the same way.
"underlying change" in measures of statements of operations. we present changes in certain measures, or line items, of the statements of operations that are adjusted to an "underlying" basis. we use "underlying change" for the following measures of the statements of operations: (a) underlying net sales; (b) underlying cost of sales; (c) underlying gross profit; (d) underlying advertising expenses; (e) underlying selling, general, and administrative (sg&a) expenses; (f) underlying other expense (income) net; (g) underlying operating expenses1; and (h) underlying operating income. to calculate these measures, we adjust, as applicable, for (a) acquisitions and divestitures, (b) a new accounting standard, (c) foreign exchange, (d) estimated net changes in distributor inventories, and (e) the establishment of our charitable foundation. we explain these adjustments below.
   "acquisitions and divestitures." this adjustment removes (a) any non-recurring effects related to our acquisitions and divestitures (e.g., transaction gains or losses, transaction costs, and integration costs), and (b) the effects of operating activity related to acquired and divested brands for periods not comparable year over year (non-comparable periods). by excluding non-comparable periods, we therefore include the effects of acquired and divested brands only to the extent that results are comparable year over year.
1operating expenses include advertising expense, sg&a expense, and other expense (income), net.
30
in fiscal 2016, we sold our southern comfort and tuaca brands and related assets to sazerac company, inc. and entered into a related transition services agreement (tsa). during fiscal 2017, we completed our obligations under the tsa. this adjustment removes the net sales, cost of sales, and operating expenses recognized in fiscal 2017 pursuant to the tsa related to contract bottling services and distribution services in certain markets.
on june 1, 2016, we acquired the benriach distillery company limited (benriach). this adjustment removes (a) transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition and (b) operating activity for the acquired business for the non-comparable period. with respect to comparisons of fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2017, the non-comparable period is the month of may.
   "new accounting standard." under accounting standards codification (asc) 606, "revenue from contracts with customers," we recognize the cost of certain customer incentives earlier than we did before adopting asc 606. although this change in timing did not have a significant impact on a full-year basis, there was some change in the timing of recognition across periods. additionally, some payments to customers that we classified as expenses before adopting the new standard are classified as reductions of net sales under our new policy. see note 2 to the accompanying financial statements for additional information. this adjustment allows us to look at underlying change on a comparable basis.
   "foundation." in fiscal 2018, we established the brown-forman foundation (the foundation) with an initial $70 million contribution to support the company's charitable giving program in the communities where our employees live and work. this adjustment removes the initial $70 million contribution to the foundation from our underlying sg&amp;a expenses and underlying operating income to present our underlying results on a comparable basis.
   "foreign exchange." we calculate the percentage change in certain line items of the statements of operations in accordance with gaap and adjust to exclude the cost or benefit of currency fluctuations. adjusting for foreign exchange allows us to understand our business on a constant-dollar basis, as fluctuations in exchange rates can distort the underlying trend both positively and negatively. (in this report, "dollar" always means the u.s. dollar unless stated otherwise.) to eliminate the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations when comparing across periods, we translate current-year results at prior-year rates and remove transactional and hedging foreign exchange gains and losses from current- and prior-year periods.
   "estimated net change in distributor inventories." this adjustment refers to the estimated net effect of changes in distributor inventories on changes in certain line items of the statements of operations. for each period compared, we use volume information from our distributors to estimate the effect of distributor inventory changes in certain line items of the statements of operations. we believe that this adjustment reduces the effect of varying levels of distributor inventories on changes in certain line items of the statements of operations and allows us to understand better our underlying results and trends.
we use the non-gaap measures "underlying change" to: (a) understand our performance from period to period on a consistent basis; (b) compare our performance to that of our competitors; (c) calculate components of management incentive compensation; (d) plan and forecast; and (e) communicate our financial performance to the board of directors, stockholders, and investment analysts. we provide reconciliations of the "underlying change" in certain line items of the statements of operations to their nearest gaap measures in the tables under "results of operations - year-over-year comparisons." we have consistently applied the adjustments within our reconciliations in arriving at each non-gaap measure.
"return on average invested capital." this measure refers to the sum of net income and after-tax interest expense, divided by average invested capital. average invested capital equals assets less liabilities, excluding interest-bearing debt, and is calculated using the average of the most recent 13 month-end balances. after-tax interest expense equals interest expense multiplied by one minus our effective tax rate. we use this non-gaap measure because we consider return on average invested capital to be a meaningful indicator of how effectively and efficiently we invest capital in our business.
definitions aggregations.
from time to time, to explain our results of operations or to highlight trends and uncertainties affecting our business, we aggregate markets according to stage of economic development as defined by the international monetary fund (imf), and we aggregate brands by spirits category. below, we define the geographic and brand aggregations used in this report.
geographic aggregations.
in "results of operations - fiscal 2019 market highlights," we provide supplemental information for our largest markets ranked by percentage of total fiscal 2019 net sales. in addition to markets listed by country name, we include the following aggregations:
31
   "developed international" markets are "advanced economies" as defined by the imf, excluding the united states. our largest developed international markets are the united kingdom, australia, germany, france, and japan. this aggregation represents our net sales of branded products to these markets.
   "emerging" markets are "emerging and developing economies" as defined by the imf. our largest emerging markets are mexico, poland, russia, and brazil. this aggregation represents our net sales of branded products to these markets.
   "travel retail" represents our net sales of branded products to global duty-free customers, other travel retail customers, and the u.s. military regardless of customer location.
   "non-branded and bulk" includes our net sales of used barrels, bulk whiskey and wine, and contract bottling regardless of customer location.
brand aggregations.
in "results of operations - fiscal 2019 brand highlights," we provide supplemental information for our largest brands ranked by percentage of total fiscal 2019 net sales. in addition to brands listed by name, we include the following aggregations:
   "whiskey" includes all whiskey spirits and whiskey-based flavored liqueurs, ready-to-drink (rtd), and ready-to-pour products (rtp). the brands included in this category are the jack daniel's family of brands, woodford reserve, canadian mist, glendronach, benriach, glenglassaugh, old forester, early times, slane irish whiskey, and coopers' craft.
   "american whiskey" includes the jack daniel's family of brands, premium bourbons (defined below), and early times.
   "jack daniel's family of brands" includes jack daniel's tennessee whiskey (jdtw), jack daniel's rtd and rtp products (jd rtd/rtp), jack daniel's tennessee honey (jdth), gentleman jack, jack daniel's tennessee fire (jdtf), jack daniel's single barrel collection (jdsb), jack daniel's tennessee rye whiskey (jdtr), jack daniel's sinatra select, jack daniel's no. 27 gold tennessee whiskey, and jack daniel's bottled-in-bond.
   "jack daniel's rtd and rtp" products include all rtd line extensions of jack daniel's, such as jack daniel's &amp; cola, jack daniel's &amp; diet cola, jack &amp; ginger, jack daniel's country cocktails, gentleman jack &amp; cola, jack daniel's double jack, jack daniel's american serve, jack daniel's tennessee honey rtd, jack daniel's cider (jd cider), jack daniel's lynchburg lemonade (jd lynchburg lemonade), and the seasonal jack daniel's winter jack rtp.
   "premium bourbons" includes woodford reserve, old forester, and coopers' craft.
   "tequila" includes el jimador, herradura, new mix, pepe lopez, and antiguo.
   "vodka" includes finlandia.
   "wine" includes korbel champagne and sonoma-cutrer wines.
   "non-branded and bulk" includes our net sales of used barrels, bulk whiskey and wine, and contract bottling regardless of customer location.
other metrics.
   "depletions." we generally record revenues when we ship our products to our customers. depletions is a term commonly used in the beverage alcohol industry to describe volume. depending on the context, depletions means either (a) our shipments directly to retail or wholesale customers for owned distribution markets or (b) shipments from our distributor customers to retailers and wholesalers in other markets. we believe that depletions measure volume in a way that more closely reflects consumer demand than our shipments to distributor customers do. in this document, unless otherwise specified, we refer to depletions when discussing volume.
   "consumer takeaway." when discussing trends in the market, we refer to consumer takeaway, a term commonly used in the beverage alcohol industry. consumer takeaway refers to the purchase of product by consumers from retail outlets as measured by volume or retail sales value. this information is provided by third parties, such as nielsen and the national alcohol beverage control association (nabca). our estimates of market share or changes in market share are derived from consumer takeaway data using the retail sales value metric. we believe consumer takeaway is a leading indicator of how consumer demand is trending.
32
reclassifications as discussed in note 2 to the accompanying financial statements, we retrospectively adjusted our prior year statements of operations in connection with the adoption of accounting standards update (asu) 2017-07, "improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost." we also reclassified some previously reported expense amounts related to certain marketing research and promotional agency costs. the impact of these changes, which had no effect on net income, was not material.
the following tables reconcile the previously reported amounts to the currently reported amounts in the statements of operations for fiscal years 2017 and 2018.
fiscal 2017
(dollars in millions)                                previously reported      adoption ofasu 2017-07           reclassifications                 currently reported net sales                                                $2,994               $-                               $-                                   $2,994
cost of sales                                               973               -                                -                                       973
gross profit                                              2,021               -                                -                                     2,021
advertising expenses                                        383               -                                (11             )                       372
selling, general, and administrative expenses               667               (21                 )         11                                         657
other expense (income), net                                 (18        )      -                                -                                       (18        )
operating income                                            989                              21                -                                     1,010
non-operating postretirement expense                          -                              21                -                                        21
interest income                                              (3        )      -                                -                                        (3        )
interest expense                                             59               -                                -                                        59
income before income taxes                                  933               -                                -                                       933
income taxes                                                264               -                                -                                       264
net income                                                 $669               $-                               $-                                     $669
fiscal 2018
(dollars in millions)                                previously reported      adoption ofasu 2017-07           reclassifications                 currently reported net sales                                                $3,248               $-                               $-                                   $3,248
cost of sales                                             1,046               -                                -                                     1,046
gross profit                                              2,202               -                                -                                     2,202
advertising expenses                                        414               -                                (9              )                       405
selling, general, and administrative expenses               765               (9                  )         9                                          765
other expense (income), net                                 (16        )      -                                -                                       (16        )
operating income                                          1,039                               9                -                                     1,048
non-operating postretirement expense                          -                               9                -                                         9
interest income                                              (6        )      -                                -                                        (6        )
interest expense                                             68               -                                -                                        68
income before income taxes                                  977               -                                -                                       977
income taxes                                                260               -                                -                                       260
net income                                                 $717               $-                               $-                                     $717
33
significant developments below we discuss the significant developments in our business during fiscal 2017, fiscal 2018, and fiscal 2019. these developments relate to (a) innovation, (b) acquisitions and divestitures, and (c) capital deployment.
innovation
   jack daniel's family of brands. innovation within the jack daniel's family of brands has contributed to our growth over the last three years as described below. in addition, we recently announced the launch of jack daniel's tennessee apple, which we expect to introduce in the united states in the fall of 2019.
   in fiscal 2018, we introduced several new jd rtd products, including jack daniel's southern peach country cocktails in the united states and jack daniel's lynchburg lemonade in germany. these introductions contributed to our jd rtd growth in those markets.
   in fiscal 2018, we introduced jack daniel's tennessee rye (jdtr), the first full-strength whiskey with a different grain recipe from the jack daniel's family of brands in over two decades, in the united states and certain international markets. in fiscal 2019, we expanded jdtr to several additional markets including france, travel retail, germany, and poland.
   in fiscal 2019, we launched jack daniel's bottled-in-bond exclusively in travel retail.
   other american whiskeys. we continue to capitalize on consumers' interest in premium plus whiskey with our wide range of brands, including woodford reserve, old forester, and coopers' craft.
   in fiscal 2017, we unveiled new packaging for woodford reserve double oaked, the most successful line extension from woodford reserve to date (first introduced in 2012). the double oaked variant of woodford reserve continued to contribute meaningfully to the brand's growth and surpassed 50,000 nine-liter cases in fiscal 2018. we introduced a new in woodford reserve straight malt in fiscal 2019.
   five years ago, we introduced the whiskey row series as a platform for high-end, craft expressions from old forester. from fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2019, we expanded our old forester whiskey row series by adding two new craft expressions. in fiscal 2018, we added another craft expression in old forester statesman. in addition, we launched new packaging for our core old forester bourbons in february 2017. in fiscal 2019, we introduced the brand's first new grain recipe with the launch of old forester rye.
   in fiscal 2017, we introduced our first entirely new bourbon in 20 years, coopers' craft, a super-premium brand now in limited distribution in the united states. in fiscal 2019, we unveiled new packaging for coopers' craft and introduced coopers' craft barrel reserve.
   tequila brands. we experienced another record year for our tequila brands in fiscal 2019, as herradura, el jimador, and new mix contributed significantly to our overall net sales growth. in fiscal 2015, we released herradura ultra to participate in the fast-growing market for ultra-premium "cristalino" tequilas in mexico, and it has been a significant driver of our tequila growth during the last five fiscal years. in fiscal 2019, we added additional "cristalino" expressions for the mexico market in el jimador and antiguo, with total "cristalino" volume surpassing 120,000 nine-liter cases.
   irish whiskey. in april 2017, we unveiled the first product from our slane irish whiskey brand in travel retail in ireland, and we introduced the brand selectively in the united states, the united kingdom, and australia in the summer of 2017. in fiscal 2019, we expanded slane nationally in the united states and introduced the brand in france.
acquisitions and divestitures
   on june 1, 2016, we acquired the benriach distillery company limited (benriach). the acquisition, which brought three single malt scotch whisky brands to our portfolio, included brand trademarks, inventories, three visitors' centers, three malt distilleries, a bottling plant, and benriach's headquarters in edinburgh, scotland. in fiscal 2019, we continued to expand these brands globally, most notably in travel retail and several markets in asia. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
capital deployment
   beyond the acquisition described above, we have focused our capital deployment initiatives on (a) enabling the expected future growth of our existing businesses through investments in our production capacity, barrel whiskey inventory, and brand-building efforts; and (b) returning cash to our stockholders.
34
   investments. from fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2019, our capital expenditures totaled approximately $360 million and focused on enabling the growth of our premium whiskey brands:
   jack daniel's. we expanded our shipping warehouse facility and built an additional warehouse.
   woodford reserve. we expanded our bottling facility and built two new warehouses.
   old forester. we opened the old forester distillery and visitors' center on main street in louisville, kentucky, in the summer of 2018.
   slane irish whiskey. we opened a visitors' center on the historic slane castle estate in the fall of 2017. we also finished building a new distillery, which opened in the summer of 2018.
   cash returned to stockholders. from fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2019, we returned $2.1 billion to our stockholders through $0.9 billion in regular quarterly dividends, $0.5 billion in special dividends, and $0.8 billion in share repurchases. we financed our dividends and share repurchases with cash on hand and proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt totaling $1.3 billion.
35
executive summary tariffs tariffs negatively affected our results in fiscal 2019. in the highlights and outlook below, we discuss (a) certain facts about tariffs as they relate to our business, (b) the effect of this development on our fiscal 2019 results, and (c) the expected effect of tariffs in fiscal 2020.
in response to the u.s. tariffs on steel and aluminum, the european union, mexico, canada, turkey, and china imposed retaliatory tariffs on a number of u.s. goods, including american whiskey. the effective dates of the retaliatory tariffs and the import duty rates before and after the retaliation are summarized below.
summary of retaliatory tariffs in effect for fiscal 2019

rate geographic area             effective date             before                after european union              june 22, 2018              -         %              25   %
mexico1                     june 5, 2018               -         %              25   %
canada1                     july 1, 2018               -         %              10   %
turkey1                     june 21, 2018              -         %             140   %
china                       july 6, 2018     5                   %              30   %
1following april 30, 2019, the retaliatory tariffs in mexico and canada were rescinded and the tariff rate in turkey was reduced to 70%. see "fiscal 2020 outlook" below for additional information.
tariffs negatively affected our fiscal 2019 performance as described below. these costs will continue to negatively impact our results as long as tariffs are in place.
   lower net sales. certain customers paid the incremental costs of tariffs. we compensated these customers for these incremental costs by reducing our net prices.
   higher cost of sales. in markets where we own the inventory, we paid the incremental cost of tariffs.
the combined effect of these tariff-related costs, whether arising as a reduction of net sales or as an increase in cost of sales, is hereafter referred to as "incremental costs associated with tariffs."
fiscal 2019 highlights
   we delivered net sales of $3.3 billion, an increase of 2% compared to fiscal 2018. excluding (a) the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar against the turkish lira, british pound, euro, australian dollar, and mexican peso) and (b) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard, we grew underlying net sales 5%. we estimate that incremental costs associated with tariffs reduced our underlying net sales growth by approximately one percentage point.
   from a brand perspective, our underlying net sales growth was driven by the jack daniel's family of brands, our premium bourbon brands, and our tequila brands.
   from a geographic perspective, emerging markets led the company's growth in underlying net sales. the united states was our second largest contributor to underlying net sales gains, although the rate of growth slowed compared to fiscal 2018. developed international markets continued to be a significant driver of our growth, although incremental costs associated with tariffs dampened the year-over-year gains.
   we delivered operating income of $1.1 billion, an increase of 9% compared to fiscal 2018. excluding the impact of (a) the $70 million contribution to establish the foundation in fiscal 2018 and (b) the negative effect of foreign exchange, underlying operating income grew 5% driven by our underlying gross profit growth and a decrease in underlying sg&amp;a expenses.
   we incurred a pension settlement charge of $15 million in non-operating postretirement expense, which was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income in accordance with u.s. accounting standards. the settlement resulted from a significant increase in lump-sum pension payments.
   we delivered diluted earnings per share of $1.73, an increase of 17% compared to fiscal 2018, due to (a) the absence of the $70 million contribution to establish the foundation in fiscal 2018, (b) the benefit of a lower effective tax rate from the tax
36
cuts and jobs act (tax act), and (c) an increase in reported operating income. these benefits were partially offset by higher interest expense, which resulted from a new bond issuance in march 2018, and higher non-operating postretirement expense, which resulted from the pension settlement charge described above.
   our return on average invested capital increased to 22.0% in fiscal 2019, compared to 20.0% in fiscal 2018. this increase was driven by the absence of the foundation contribution and the benefit of a lower effective tax rate from the tax act, partially offset by higher invested capital.
summary of operating performance fiscal 2017-2019

reported change                             underlying change1
fiscal year ended april 30                      2017                  2018                  2019          2017 vs. 2018           2018 vs. 2019          2017 vs. 2018           2018 vs. 2019
net sales                                $2,994                $3,248                $3,324                  8        %              2        %             6        %              5        %
cost of sales                               973                 1,046                 1,158                  7        %             11        %             8        %             12        %
gross profit                              2,021                 2,202                 2,166                  9        %             (2       %)             6        %              2        %
advertising2                                372                   405                   396                  9        %             (2       %)             6        %              3        %
sg&amp;a2                                   657                   765                   641                 16        %            (16       %)             4        %             (5       %)
operating income2                        $1,010                $1,048                $1,144                  4        %              9        %             6        %              5        %
total operating expenses3                $1,011                $1,154                $1,022                 14        %            (11       %)             5        %             (2       %)
as a percentage of net sales4
gross profit                               67.5    %             67.8    %             65.2    %           0.3       pp           (2.6      pp)
operating income                           33.8    %             32.3    %             34.4    %          (1.5      pp)            2.1       pp interest expense, net                       $56                   $62                   $80                  9        %             31        %
effective tax rate                         28.3    %             26.6    %             19.8    %          (1.7      pp)           (6.8      pp)
diluted earnings per share                $1.37                 $1.48                 $1.73                  8        %             17        %
return on average invested capital5        19.8    %             20.0    %             22.0    %           0.2       pp            2.0       pp
1see "non-gaap financial measures" above for details on our use of "underlying changes," including how we calculate these measures and why we think this information is useful to readers.
2we retrospectively adjusted our fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 advertising expense, sg&a expense, and operating income as described in note 2 to the accompanying financial statements and "reclassifications" above. our previously disclosed growth rates from fiscal 2017 vs. fiscal 2018 were as follows (reported/underlying): advertising expense (8% / 6%), sg&a expense (15% / 3%), and operating income (5% / 8%).
3operating expenses include advertising expense, sg&a expense, and other expense (income), net.
4year-over-year changes in percentages are reported in percentage points (pp).
5see "non-gaap financial measures" above for details on our use of "return on average invested capital," including how we calculate this measure and why we think this information is useful to readers.
fiscal 2020 outlook we are optimistic about our prospects for growth of net sales, operating income, and diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2020. below we discuss our current expectations for fiscal 2020, including trends, developments, and uncertainties that we expect may affect our business. when we provide guidance for underlying change for the following line items of the statements of operations, we do not provide guidance for the corresponding gaap change because the gaap measure will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, including the estimated net change in distributor inventories and foreign exchange, each of which could have a significant impact to our gaap line items of the statements of operations.
in response to the u.s. tariffs on steel and aluminum, the european union, mexico, canada, turkey, and china imposed retaliatory tariffs on a number of u.s. goods, including american whiskey, in the summer of 2018. our american whiskeys are made in the united states and exported around the world. our fiscal 2019 results were hurt by incremental costs associated with tariffs through lower net sales and higher cost of sales. following april 30, 2019, the retaliatory tariffs in mexico and canada were rescinded and the tariff rate in turkey was reduced from 140% to 70%. these favorable changes to tariffs will slightly reduce the incremental costs associated with tariffs in fiscal 2020. the outlook below assumes that the remaining tariffs in the european union, turkey, and china remain in place in fiscal 2020. if the tariffs in the european union, turkey, and china were rescinded,
37
we would benefit either through higher net sales or lower cost of sales. conversely, if additional tariffs were imposed on our products, we would be negatively impacted either through lower net sales or higher cost of sales.
outlook for key measures:
   underlying net sales. we expect the underlying net sales growth rate trend from fiscal 2019 to accelerate in fiscal 2020. we anticipate the jack daniel's family of brands, our portfolio of premium bourbons, and our tequila brands to again drive growth. we expect that volume will be the most significant driver of underlying net sales growth in fiscal 2020.
   underlying cost of sales. we expect underlying cost of sales to grow at a significantly higher rate than net sales in fiscal 2020, reflecting incremental costs associated with tariffs as well as a significant increase in input cost compared to fiscal 2019, driven by the cost of agave and wood.
   underlying operating expenses. we expect total underlying operating expenses to grow more slowly than net sales.
additional considerations related to our fiscal 2020 outlook:
   foreign exchange. in fiscal 2019, our reported results were hurt by foreign exchange due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar. we cannot predict the movement of foreign exchange rates with reasonable certainty; however, if april 30, 2019 spot rates were to hold for fiscal 2020, we would expect foreign exchange to negatively affect our fiscal 2020 results, but less so than in fiscal 2019. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for details about how we manage foreign exchange risk.
38
results of operations fiscal 2019 market highlights the following table shows net sales results for our ten largest markets, summarized by geographic area, for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. we discuss the most significant changes in net sales for each market.
top 10 markets - percentage of fiscal 2019 total net sales and fiscal 2019 net sales growth by geographic area

net sales % change vs. 2018
markets1                                              % of fiscal 2019 net sales                   reported   new accounting standard        foreign exchange   estimated net chg in distributor inventories                   underlying2
united states                                                 47               %                 2        %   1             %                    -          %   -                        %                                      3        %
developed international                                       28               %                 1        %   -             %                    4          %   (2                       %)                                     4        %
united kingdom                                                 6               %                (4       %)   -             %                    6          %   -                        %                                      3        %
australia                                                      5               %                 -        %   -             %                    6          %   -                        %                                      6        %
germany                                                        5               %                 8        %   -             %                    2          %   -                        %                                     10        %
france                                                         4               %                (1       %)   -             %                    3          %   -                        %                                      2        %
japan                                                          1               %                15        %   1             %                   (3         %)   (11                      %)                                     2        %
rest of developed international                                7               %                 -        %   1             %                    3          %   (4                       %)                                    (1       %)
emerging                                                      18               %                 4        %   1             %                    6          %   -                        %                                     11        %
mexico                                                         5               %                 3        %   3             %                    6          %   -                        %                                     11        %
poland                                                         3               %                 9        %   -             %                    1          %   -                        %                                     10        %
russia                                                         2               %                16        %   -             %                    4          %   (3                       %)                                    17        %
brazil                                                         1               %               (13       %)   2             %                   13          %   23                       %                                     25        %
rest of emerging                                               7               %                 3        %   -             %                    8          %   (4                       %)                                     8        %
travel retail                                                  4               %                 1        %   1             %                    -          %   4                        %                                      6        %
non-branded and bulk                                           3               %                10        %   -             %                    -          %   -                        %                                     10        %
total                                                        100               %                 2        %   1             %                    2          %   -                        %                                      5        %
note: totals may differ due to rounding
1see "definitions" above for definitions of market aggregations presented here.
2see "non-gaap financial measures" above for details on our use of "underlying change" in net sales, including how we calculate this measure and why we believe this information is useful to readers.
   the united states, our most important market, accounted for 47% of our reported net sales in fiscal 2019. reported net sales in the united states grew 2%, while underlying net sales increased 3%, after adjusting for the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. underlying net sales gains were led by (a) volume growth supported by strong takeaway trends of woodford reserve, (b) higher volumes and favorable price/mix of our tequila brands and old forester, and (c) increased volumes of jd rtds and gentleman jack. this growth was partially offset by (a) slight declines of jdtw, partially related to a route-to-market change in one state, and (b) lower volumes of canadian mist.
   developed international markets accounted for 28% of our reported net sales in fiscal 2019. reported net sales increased 1%, while underlying net sales grew 4%, after adjusting for (a) the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar against the british pound, euro, and australian dollar), and (b) an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. underlying net sales growth was driven by gains in germany, australia, spain, and the united kingdom, partially offset by the incremental costs associated with tariffs in certain markets in the rest of developed europe. we estimate that incremental costs associated with tariffs reduced our underlying net sales growth in developed international markets by approximately one percentage point.
   in the united kingdom, underlying net sales growth was driven by higher volumes of jdtw, jdsb, gentleman jack, and jdth, partially offset by declines of jd cider and chambord.
   in australia, underlying net sales growth was driven by higher pricing of jd rtds and increased volumes of gentleman jack.
39
   in germany, underlying net sales growth was driven by volumetric growth of jdtw and jd rtds.
   in france, underlying net sales growth was driven by higher volumes of jdth and the launch of jdtr, partially offset by unfavorable price/mix and lower volumes of jdtw.
   in japan, underlying net sales growth was led by increased distribution of our scotch brands, while lower pricing offset volume growth of the jack daniel's family of brands.
   underlying net sales in the rest of developed international markets were down as incremental costs associated with tariffs in certain european markets more than offset the growth in spain, belgium, czechia, and korea. jdtw grew volumes in spain, where our owned-distribution organization continued to lead to an acceleration in performance over the past fiscal year.
   emerging markets accounted for 18% of our reported net sales in fiscal 2019. reported net sales increased 4%, while underlying net sales grew 11% after adjusting for (a) the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar against the turkish lira, mexican peso, and brazilian real) and (b) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. underlying net sales growth was led by mexico, brazil, russia, poland, and china.
   in mexico, underlying net sales growth was driven by higher volumes and favorable price/mix of herradura and el jimador. the growth of herradura benefited from strong consumer demand for herradura ultra, our cristalino tequila expression. the launch of new mix mineral water line extensions also contributed to growth.
   in poland, underlying net sales growth was led by higher volumes of jdtw and gentleman jack, partially offset by unfavorable price/mix of finlandia.
   in russia, underlying net sales growth was led by higher volumes and favorable price/mix of jdtw due in part to our fiscal 2018 distributor change. volumetric gains of finlandia also contributed to growth.
   in brazil, underlying net sales growth continued to be led by increased volumes, higher pricing, and favorable channel mix of jdtw.
   underlying net sales growth in the rest of emerging markets was led by china, ukraine, and sub-saharan africa. all of these geographic areas benefited from higher volumes of jdtw. ukraine also benefited from higher volumes and favorable price/mix of finlandia.
   travel retail accounted for 4% of our reported net sales in fiscal 2019. reported net sales increased 1%, while underlying net sales increased 6% after adjusting for (a) an estimated net decrease in distributor inventories and (b) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. underlying net sales growth was led by the launch of jack daniel's bottled-in-bond and jdtr, higher volumes of woodford reserve, and the expansion of our scotch whiskey brands.
   non-branded and bulk accounted for 3% of our reported net sales in fiscal 2019. both reported and underlying net sales increased 10%. growth came from increased bulk sales and higher volumes and prices for used barrel sales.
1international wine &amp; spirit research (iwsr), 2018 data.
40
fiscal 2019 brand highlights the following table highlights the worldwide results of our largest brands for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. we discuss results of the brands most affecting our performance below the table.
major brands worldwide results for fiscal 2019

volumes                                                                                                             net sales % change vs. 2018
product category/brand family/brand1                  9l depletions1            reported     new accounting standard      foreign exchange   estimated net chg in distributor inventories              underlying2
whiskey                                            4               %            3      %             1             %          2          %   -                        %                                  5       %
jack daniel's family of brands                     4               %            1      %             1             %          2          %   -                        %                                  4       %
jdtw                                               2               %            -      %             -             %          2          %   -                        %                                  2       %
jd rtd/rtp                                         4               %            4      %             -             %          4          %   -                        %                                  8       %
jdth                                               6               %            5      %             1             %          2          %   (1                       %)                                 7       %
gentleman jack                                     9               %            6      %             1             %          2          %   -                        %                                  8       %
jdtf                                               5               %            3      %             1             %          1          %   (1                       %)                                 4       %
other jack daniel's whiskey brands                25               %            9      %             1             %          2          %   4                        %                                 16       %
woodford reserve                                  23               %           17      %             1             %          -          %   4                        %                                 22       %
tequila                                            3               %            6      %             2             %          3          %   -                        %                                 12       %
el jimador                                         9               %            8      %             2             %          2          %   -                        %                                 13       %
herradura                                         10               %            8      %             3             %          3          %   -                        %                                 13       %
vodka (finlandia)                                 (1              %)           (4     %)             1             %          4          %   (2                       %)                                (1      %)
wine                                               -               %            -      %             1             %          -          %   (1                       %)                                 -       %
rest of portfolio                                 (8              %)          (16     %)             2             %          9          %   1                        %                                 (3      %)
non-branded and bulk                              na                           10      %             -             %          -          %   -                        %                                 10       %
note: totals may differ due to rounding
1see "definitions" above for definitions of brand aggregations and volume measures presented here.
2see "non-gaap financial measures" above for details on our use of "underlying change" in net sales, including how we calculate this measure and why we believe this information is useful to readers.
   whiskey brands grew volumes 4% in fiscal 2019. reported net sales grew 3%, while underlying net sales increased 5% after adjusting for (a) the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar against the british pound, turkish lira, euro, australian dollar, and brazilian real) and (b) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. growth was led by the jack daniel's family of brands, woodford reserve, old forester, and our scotch brands, partially offset by declines in canadian mist.
   the jack daniel's family of brands grew underlying net sales led by (a) jdtw in markets outside of the united states, (b) broad-based geographic growth of jd rtds, jdth, and gentleman jack, and (c) further expansion of jdtr along with the launch of jack daniel's bottled-in-bond in travel retail.
   jdtw generates a significant percentage of our total net sales and is our top priority. the brand is the largest one in the world priced over $25 per 750 ml per bottle1 and the world's fourth-largest premium spirits brand measured by both volume and retail value.2 during calendar 2018, jdtw grew volume for the 27th consecutive year1 and, among the top five premium spirits brands on the list, was the only one to grow volume in each of the past five years2 - an achievement that underscores our belief in the brand's sustainable appeal and long-term growth potential. underlying net sales growth of jdtw was broad based, led by increases in brazil, germany, poland, russia, spain, and china. these increases were partially offset by the incremental costs associated with tariffs in certain markets in the rest of developed europe, which reduced the underlying net sales growth of jdtw by approximately one percentage point. slight declines in the united states, partially related to a route-to-market change in one state, also offset these gains.
1iwsr, 2018 data.
2based on industry statistics published by impact databank, a well-known u.s. trade publication, in march 2019.
41
   the jack daniel's rtd/rtp brands grew underlying net sales driven by higher pricing in australia along with consumer-led volumetric growth in germany and the united states.
   since its introduction in late fiscal 2011, jdth has contributed significantly to our net sales growth. jdth remains one of the top 20 largest brands in the world priced over $25 per 750 ml bottle.1 underlying net sales gains were driven by broad-based volume growth, particularly in france, the united states, mexico, and the united kingdom.
   gentleman jack grew underlying net sales driven by higher volumes in the united states along with broad-based international volume gains, particularly in the united kingdom, poland, and australia.
   jdtf grew underlying net sales led by increased volumes and favorable price/mix in the united states along with higher volumes in the united kingdom and brazil. jdtf has grown volumes each year since its introduction in late fiscal 2015.
   our other jack daniel's whiskey brands increased underlying net sales driven by (a) higher volumes of jdsb in the united states and the united kingdom, (b) the launch of jack daniel's bottled-in-bond in travel retail, and (c) the launch of jdtr in travel retail and select european markets. jdtr is the third largest rye brand in the world in just its second year on the market.1
   woodford reserve was once again selected as an impact "hot brand."2 the united states is by far the brand's most important market and was responsible for most of its growth during fiscal 2019. however, the brand continued its momentum outside the united states, growing volumes 17%, driven by travel retail. woodford reserve is the leading super-premium american whiskey globally1, and is poised for continued growth as interest in bourbon continues to increase around the world. we plan to continue devoting substantial resources to woodford reserve to support its growth potential with sustained advertising, including our kentucky derby sponsorship, and ongoing capital investments.
   tequila brands grew volumes 3% in fiscal 2019, while reported net sales increased 6% and underlying net sales grew 12% after adjusting for (a) the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar against the mexican peso) and (b) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard.
   el jimador grew underlying net sales driven by consumer-led volumetric growth and favorable price/mix in the united states and mexico. mexico also benefited from the launch of el jimador cristalino.
   herradura grew underlying net sales driven by increased volumes and higher prices in the brand's largest markets, the united states and mexico, as both markets benefited from consumer-led volumetric growth of the brand's "cristalino" tequila expression, herradura ultra. we remain focused on developing herradura in the united states, which has considerable potential for growth, strengthening our position in mexico, and continuing to build our presence in higher-value tequila markets throughout the world.
   finlandia volumes fell 1% in fiscal 2019, while reported net sales decreased 4% and underlying net sales declined 1% after adjusting for (a) the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar against the russian ruble, turkish lira, and ukrainian hryvnia), (b) an estimated net increase in distributor inventories, and (c) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. the decrease in underlying net sales was driven by unfavorable price/mix in poland and lower volumes in the united states, partially offset by increased volumes and favorable price/mix in russia and ukraine.
   wine volumes were flat in fiscal 2019 and both reported and underlying net sales growth were also flat after adjusting underlying growth for an estimated net increase in distributor inventories and the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. in the united states, higher volumes and favorable price/mix of sonoma-cutrer were offset by unfavorable price/mix and lower volumes of korbel champagne.
   rest of portfolio volumes declined 8%, while reported net sales decreased 16% and underlying net sales dropped 3% after adjusting for (a) the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar against the australian dollar, euro, and british pound), (b) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard, and (c) an estimated net decrease in distributor inventories. the decrease in underlying net sales was due to discontinued agency brands in turkey and unfavorable price/mix and lower volumes of chambord in the united kingdom.
   non-branded and bulk reported and underlying net sales grew 10% from increased bulk sales and higher volumes and prices for used barrels sales.
1iwsr, 2018 data.
2impact databank published the impact's "hot brands - spirits" list in march 2019.
42
year-over-year comparisons net sales

percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended april 30      2018        2019
change in reported net sales                                     8    %       2   %
new accounting standard                                          -    %       1   %
foreign exchange                                                (1   %)       2   %
estimated net change in distributor inventories                 (1   %)       -   %
change in underlying net sales                                   6    %       5   %
change in underlying net sales attributed to:
volume                                                           5    %       3   %
net price/mix                                                    2    %       2   %
note: totals may differ due to rounding fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
net sales of $3,324 million increased 2%, or $76 million, in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. underlying net sales grew 5% after adjusting reported results for (a) the negative effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the strengthening of the dollar against the turkish lira, british pound, euro, australian dollar, and mexican peso) and (b) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. the change in underlying net sales comprised 3% volume growth and 2% price/mix. volume growth was led by the jack daniel's family of brands, our premium bourbons, and our tequilas brands. price/mix was driven by (a) favorable portfolio mix reflecting faster growth from our higher-priced brands, most notably woodford reserve, the jack daniel's family of brands, and our scotch brands, (b) higher average pricing on our tequila brands and jd rtds, and (c) favorable portfolio mix reflecting declines from our lower-priced brands, most notably canadian mist and early times. we estimate that lower pricing to certain customers related to tariffs reduced our underlying net sales growth by approximately one percentage point for fiscal 2019. see "results of operations - fiscal 2019 market highlights and fiscal 2019 brand highlights" above for further details on the factors contributing to the growth in underlying net sales for fiscal 2019.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
net sales of $3,248 million increased 8%, or $254 million, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. underlying net sales grew 6% after adjusting reported results for (a) the positive effect of foreign exchange (reflecting the weakening of the dollar against the euro, polish zloty, and mexican peso) and (b) an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. the change in underlying net sales comprised 5% volume growth and nearly 2% price/mix. volume growth was led by the jack daniel's family of brands, our tequilas brands, and our premium bourbons. price/mix was driven by (a) an increase in the share of sales of higher-margin brands, most notably the jack daniel's family of brands and woodford reserve, and (b) higher average pricing on jd rtds and tequilas.
cost of sales

percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended april 30      2018           2019
change in reported cost of sales                                 7    %        11    %
acquisitions and divestitures                                    1    %         -    %
new accounting standard                                          -    %         -    %
foreign exchange                                                 -    %         2    %
estimated net change in distributor inventories                 (1   %)         -    %
change in underlying cost of sales                               8    %        12    %
change in underlying cost of sales attributed to:
volume                                                           5    %         3    %
cost/mix                                                         3    %         9    %
note: totals may differ due to rounding
43
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
cost of sales of $1,158 million increased $112 million, or 11%, in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. underlying cost of sales grew 12% after adjusting reported costs for the positive effect of foreign exchange driven by (a) higher input costs, including wood, agave, and depreciation expense related to capital expansion; (b) incremental costs associated with tariffs, primarily in europe; and (c) higher volumes of the jack daniel's family of brands, our premium bourbons, and our tequila brands. we estimate that incremental costs associated with tariffs increased our underlying cost of sales by approximately four percentage points.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
cost of sales of $1,046 million increased $73 million, or 7%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. underlying cost of sales grew 8% after adjusting reported costs for (a) the net effect of our scotch acquisition and the absence of sales related to our tsa for southern comfort and tuaca and (b) an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. the increase in underlying costs of sales was driven by higher volumes and an increase in input costs, including wood and agave.
gross profit

percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended april 30      2018           2019
change in reported gross profit                                  9    %        (2   %)
new accounting standard                                          -    %         1    %
foreign exchange                                                (2   %)         2    %
estimated net change in distributor inventories                 (1   %)         -    %
change in underlying gross profit                                6    %         2    %
note: totals may differ due to rounding gross margin

fiscal year ended april 30                     2018             2019
prior year gross margin                   67.5    %        67.8    %
price/mix                                  0.3    %         0.4    %
cost                                      (0.7   %)        (0.9   %)
acquisitions and divestitures              0.3    %           -    %
tariffs1                                     -    %        (1.6   %)
new accounting standard                      -    %        (0.3   %)
foreign exchange                           0.4    %        (0.2   %)
change in gross margin                     0.3    %        (2.6   %)
current year gross margin                 67.8    %        65.2    %
note: totals may differ due to rounding
1"tariffs" include the combined effect of tariff-related costs, whether arising as a reduction of net sales or as an increase in cost of sales. see "executive summary - tariffs" for additional details of these costs.
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
gross profit of $2,166 million decreased $36 million, or 2%, in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. underlying gross profit improved 2% after adjusting reported results for the negative effect of foreign exchange and the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. the increase in underlying gross profit resulted from the same factors that contributed to the increase in underlying net sales, partially offset by the same factors that drove higher underlying cost of sales.
gross margin decreased to 65.2% in fiscal 2019, down 2.6 percentage points from 67.8% in fiscal 2018. the decrease in gross margin was driven by incremental costs associated with tariffs and higher input costs.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
gross profit of $2,202 million increased $181 million, or 9%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. gross profit on an underlying basis improved 6% after adjusting reported gross profit for the positive effect of foreign exchange and an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. the increase in underlying gross profit resulted from the same factors that contributed to the increase in underlying net sales, partially offset by the same factors that drove higher underlying cost of sales.
44
gross margin increased to 67.8% in fiscal 2018, up 0.3 percentage points from 67.5% in fiscal 2017. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to (a) favorable price/mix, (b) the positive effect of foreign exchange, and (c) the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures, partially offset by an increase in underlying cost of sales.
operating expenses

percentage change versus the prior year period ended april 30
2018                                           reported   new accounting standard     foundation         foreign exchange              underlying advertising1                                  9       %   -             %             -       %             (3         %)               6       %
sg&amp;a1                                    16       %   -             %             (11     %)            (2         %)               4       %
total operating expenses2                    14       %   -             %             (7      %)            (2         %)               5       %
2019
advertising                                  (2      %)   4             %             -       %              2          %               3       %
sg&amp;a                                    (16      %)   1             %             8       %              2          %              (5      %)
total operating expenses2                   (11      %)   2             %             6       %              2          %              (2      %)
note: totals may differ due to rounding
1we retrospectively adjusted our fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 advertising expense and sg&a expense as described in note 2 to the accompanying financial statements and "reclassifications" above. our previously disclosed growth rates from fiscal 2017 vs. fiscal 2018 were as follows (reported/underlying): advertising expense (8% / 6%) and sg&a expense (15% / 3%).
2operating expenses include advertising expense, sg&a expense, and other expense (income), net.
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
operating expenses totaled $1,022 million and decreased $132 million, or 11%, in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. underlying operating expenses declined 2% after adjusting for (a) the absence of the $70 million contribution to establish the foundation in fiscal 2018, (b) the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard, and (c) the positive effect of foreign exchange.
   reported advertising expenses declined 2% in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, while underlying advertising expenses increased 3% after adjusting for reclassifications related to the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard and the positive effect of foreign exchange. the increase in underlying advertising expense was driven by higher spending on our american whiskey portfolio with investments in (a) jdtw, led by increased spending in emerging markets; (b) woodford reserve, partially due to our kentucky derby sponsorship; and (c) old forester, partially due to our new distillery and visitors' center. increased investments in our tequila brands in mexico and the united states also contributed to our higher underlying advertising expense.
   reported sg&amp;a expenses declined 16% in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, while underlying sg&amp;a declined 5% after adjusting for (a) the absence of the $70 million contribution to establish the foundation in fiscal 2018, (b) the positive effect of foreign exchange, and (c) reclassifications related to the adoption of the revenue recognition accounting standard. the decrease in underlying sg&amp;a was driven by lower personnel costs, primarily compensation-related costs.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
operating expenses totaled $1,154 million and increased $143 million, or 14%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. underlying operating expenses grew 5% after adjusting for the establishment of the foundation and the negative effect of foreign exchange.
   reported advertising expenses increased 9% in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, while underlying advertising expenses increased 6% after adjusting for the negative effect of foreign exchange. the increase in underlying advertising expense was driven by higher spending on (a) our american whiskey portfolio in the united states, including jdtw, woodford reserve, gentleman jack, and the launch of jdtr; (b) the continued rollout of slane irish whiskey in the united states; and (c) the expansion of our single-malt scotch brands.
   reported sg&amp;a expenses increased 16% in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, while underlying sg&amp;a increased 4% after adjusting reported results for the effect of our $70 million contribution to establish the foundation and the negative effect of foreign exchange. the increase in underlying sg&amp;a was driven by higher incentive compensation expenses and strategic investments, including our new spain distribution operation, partially offset by continued tight management of discretionary spending.
45
operating income

percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended april 30     20181           2019
change in reported operating income                              4    %         9    %
foundation                                                       7    %        (7   %)
foreign exchange                                                (2   %)         3    %
estimated net change in distributor inventories                 (2   %)         -    %
change in underlying operating income                            6    %         5    %
note: totals may differ due to rounding
1we retrospectively adjusted our fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 operating income as described in note 2 to the accompanying financial statements and "reclassifications" above. our previously disclosed reported and underlying growth rates from fiscal 2017 vs. fiscal 2018 were as follows: 5% reported, 8% underlying.
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
operating income was $1,144 million in fiscal 2019, an increase of $96 million, or 9%, compared to fiscal 2018. underlying operating income grew 5% after adjusting for (a) the absence of the $70 million contribution to establish the foundation in fiscal 2018 and (b) the negative effect of foreign exchange. the same factors that contributed to the growth in underlying gross profit also contributed to the growth in underlying operating income in addition to operating expense leverage driven by a reduction in underlying sg&a.
operating margin increased 2.1 percentage points to 34.4% in fiscal 2019 from 32.3% in fiscal 2018. the increase in our operating margin was due to the absence of the $70 million contribution to establish the foundation in fiscal 2018 and lower sg&a spend in fiscal 2019. these factors were partially offset by the decrease in underlying gross margin, largely reflecting the incremental costs associated with tariffs and higher input costs.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
operating income was $1,048 million in fiscal 2018, an increase of $38 million, or 4%, compared to fiscal 2017. underlying operating income growth was 6% after adjusting for (a) the establishment of the foundation, (b) the positive effect of foreign exchange, and (c) an estimated net increase in distributor inventories, driven by the united states. the same factors that contributed to the growth in underlying gross profit also contributed to the growth in underlying operating income, enhanced by meaningful operating expense leverage, as underlying sg&a spend grew 4% compared to underlying net sales growth of 6%.
operating margin declined 1.5 percentage points to 32.3% in fiscal 2018 from 33.8% in fiscal 2017. the decrease in our operating margin was primarily due to the 2.2 percentage point effect of the establishment of the foundation, partially offset by operating expense leverage.
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
interest expense (net) increased $18 million, or 31%, in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, due to a higher average long-term debt balance and a higher interest rate on our short-term borrowings.
our effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was 19.8% compared to 26.6% in fiscal 2018. the decrease in our effective tax rate was driven by the reduction in the u.s. statutory federal tax rate and a beneficial change in the discrete transitional impacts of the tax act. these reductions were partially offset by (a) a decrease in the beneficial impact of foreign earnings at lower rates, (b) the absence of the amortization of deferred tax benefit that was reclassified to retained earnings as a result of the application of asu 2016-16, and (c) the impact of other miscellaneous provisions of the tax act. because our fiscal year ends on april 30, the lower u.s. corporate income tax rate prescribed by the tax act was phased in, resulting in a u.s. statutory federal rate of 30.4% for our fiscal year ended april 30, 2018, and 21% for our current and subsequent fiscal years. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
diluted earnings per share were $1.73 in fiscal 2019, up 17% from $1.48 in fiscal 2018. this increase resulted from    (a) the absence of the $70 million contribution to establish the foundation in fiscal 2018, (b) the benefit of a lower effective tax rate from the tax act, and (c) an increase in reported operating income. these benefits were partially offset by higher interest expense and non-operating postretirement expense.
46
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
interest expense (net) increased $6 million, or 9%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, due to a higher average long-term debt balance and a higher interest rate on our short-term borrowings.
our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 was 26.6% compared to 28.3% in fiscal 2017. the decrease in our effective tax rate was driven by an increase in the beneficial impact of foreign earnings at lower rates and an increase in excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, partially offset by the net impact of the tax act. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
diluted earnings per share were $1.48 in fiscal 2018, up 8% from $1.37 in fiscal 2017. this increase resulted from (a) an increase in reported operating income (net of a $0.10 decrease from the establishment of the foundation) and (b) the benefit of a lower effective tax rate.
47
liquidity and capital resources our ability to generate cash from operations consistently is one of our most significant financial strengths. our strong cash flows enable us to invest in our people, invest in our brands, invest in our assets, pay regular dividends, make strategic acquisitions that we believe will enhance shareholder value, repurchase shares of common stock, and, from time to time, pay special dividends. we believe cash flows from operations are sufficient to meet our expected operating and capital requirements for the foreseeable future.
cash flow summary
(dollars in millions)                                             2017              2018   2019
operating activities                                          $656              $653              $800
investing activities:
acquisition of business                                       (307   )             -                 -
additions to property, plant, and equipment                   (112   )          (127   )          (119   )
other                                                          (20   )           (22   )             -
(439   )          (149   )          (119   )
financing activities:
net change in short-term borrowings                           (122   )            (3   )           (71   )
net proceeds from long-term debt                               717               345                 -
acquisition of treasury stock                                 (561   )            (1   )          (207   )
dividends paid (regular)                                      (274   )          (292   )          (310   )
special dividend payment                                         -              (481   )             -
other                                                          (45   )           (34   )           (11   )
(285   )          (466   )          (599   )
foreign exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents           (13   )            19               (14   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents          $(81   )           $57               $68
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
cash and cash equivalents increased $68 million in fiscal 2019, compared to an increase of $57 million in fiscal 2018. cash provided by operations during fiscal 2019 was $800 million, up $147 million from fiscal 2018. the increase was largely attributable to certain capital deployment actions announced and implemented during fiscal 2018. those actions included a special contribution of $120 million (in addition to other regular funding) for our u.s. pension plans and a $70 million contribution to create the foundation. excluding those items, cash provided by operations declined $43 million from fiscal 2018, due largely to the adverse effect of higher tariffs.
cash used for investing activities was $119 million during fiscal 2019, compared to $149 million for the prior year. the $30 million decline primarily reflects an $19 million reduction in payments for corporate-owned life insurance and an $8 million decrease in capital spending.
cash used for financing activities was $599 million during fiscal 2019, compared to $466 million for fiscal 2018. the $133 million increase largely reflects a $345 million decline in net proceeds from long-term debt, a $206 million increase in share repurchases, and a $68 million increase in net repayments of short-term debt, partially offset by a $463 million reduction in dividends (largely reflecting a special dividend payment of $481 million in fiscal 2018).
the impact on cash and cash equivalents as a result of exchange rate changes was a decrease of $14 million for fiscal 2019, compared to an increase of $19 million in the prior fiscal year.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
cash and cash equivalents increased $57 million in fiscal 2018, compared to a decrease of $81 million in fiscal 2017. cash provided by operations was down $3 million from fiscal 2017, as a $124 million increase in discretionary contributions to our pension plans was largely offset by higher earnings (net of a $70 million contribution to establish the foundation) and a $66 million decline in income tax payments. the decline in income tax payments reflects the impact of the contributions to the pension plans and charitable foundation and the lower federal tax rates resulting from the enactment of the tax act.
cash used for investing activities was $149 million during fiscal 2018, compared to $439 million for the prior year. the $290 million decrease largely reflects $307 million in cash paid to acquire benriach in june 2016, partially offset by a $15 million
48
increase in capital spending during the current year. the increase in capital spending is largely attributable to the construction of new distilleries and visitors' centers for both slane irish whiskey and old forester and to the modernization and automation of our brown-forman cooperage operation.
cash used for financing activities was $466 million during fiscal 2018, compared to $285 million for fiscal 2017. the $181 million increase largely reflects a special cash dividend payment of $481 million in april 2018, the repayment of $250 million of notes that matured in january 2018, and a $122 million decrease in proceeds from long-term debt, partially offset by a $560 million decline in share repurchases and a $119 million decrease in net repayments of short-term borrowings.
the impact on cash and cash equivalents as a result of exchange rate changes was an increase of $19 million for fiscal 2018, compared to a decline of $13 million in fiscal 2017.
capital expenditures over the past several fiscal years, we significantly increased the level of our capital spending in order to build the production platform for our current and expected future growth. capital expenditures exceeded $100 million for each of the past six fiscal years from 2014 through 2019 compared to, on average, $60 million for the prior six fiscal years.
in fiscal 2019, we continued to modernize and automate the brown-forman cooperage; we expect to complete that project in fiscal 2020. we also invested in expanding capacity, especially at jack daniel's distillery where we completed a multi-year project that (a) extended both the shipping warehouse and processing building, (b) renovated the bottling house, and (c) improved the shipping office.
in fiscal 2020, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $130 million. we expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022 to remain at similar levels as we continue to evaluate both cost-saving initiatives and warehouse needs.
share repurchase programs since the beginning of fiscal 2017, we have repurchased approximately 19 million shares of our common stock under two separate repurchase programs.
shares purchased (thousands)   average price per share, including brokerage commissions                         total cost of shares period                                   class a                  class b   class a                                     class b                                        (millions)
may 1, 2016 - april 30, 2017          30                   14,757           $38.77                                      $37.75                                      $558
may 1, 2018 - april 30, 2019          43                    4,187           $47.49                                      $47.30                                      $200
73                   18,944                                                                                                   $758
dividends from fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2019, we paid dividends totaling $1,357 million, including the $481 million special cash dividend in fiscal 2018. as announced on may 23, 2019, our board of directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.166 per share on our class a and class b common stock. stockholders of record on june 6, 2019, will receive the dividend on july 1, 2019.
sources of liquidity we manage liquidity to meet current obligations, fund capital expenditures, sustain and grow our regular dividends, and return cash to our shareholders from time to time through share repurchases and special dividends while reserving adequate debt capacity for unforeseen events and acquisition opportunities. investment-grade credit ratings (a1 by moody's and a- by standard & poor's) provide us with financial flexibility when accessing global credit markets.
in addition to our cash and cash equivalent balances, we have access to several liquidity sources to supplement our cash flow from operations. one of those sources is our $800 million commercial paper program that we regularly use to fund our short-term credit needs. commercial paper outstanding was $215 million at april 30, 2018, and $150 million at april 30, 2019; details of average commercial paper balances are presented below.
49
year ended april 30,
(amounts in millions)                           2018              2019
average daily commercial paper balance      $485              $421
average interest rate                       1.39   %          2.33   %
average days to maturity                      31                31
our commercial paper program is supported by available commitments under our currently undrawn $800 million bank credit facility that expires on november 10, 2022. although unlikely, under extreme market conditions, one or more participating banks may not be able to fund its commitments under our credit facility. we believe the debt capital markets are accessible sources of long-term financing that could meet any additional liquidity needs. we believe our current liquidity position is sufficient to meet all of our future financial commitments.
as of april 30, 2019, approximately 70% of our cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we expect to reinvest indefinitely outside of the united states. during fiscal 2019, we changed our indefinite reinvestment assertion with respect to current year earnings and prior year undistributed earnings for one of those foreign subsidiaries and repatriated approximately $120 million of cash to the united states from this subsidiary. no incremental taxes were due on this distribution of cash beyond the repatriation tax recorded in fiscal 2018. in addition, we changed our indefinite reinvestment assertion with respect to current year earnings and prior year undistributed earnings for additional select foreign subsidiaries. the earnings for these select foreign subsidiaries are no longer indefinitely reinvested and may be distributed within our foreign entity structure; however, they remain indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. we continue to evaluate our future cash deployment and may decide to repatriate additional cash held by other foreign subsidiaries to the united states. future repatriations to the united states may require us to provide for and pay additional taxes.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of april 30, 2019, we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity.
long-term obligations we have long-term obligations related to contracts, leases, borrowing arrangements, and employee benefit plans that we enter into in the normal course of business (see notes 6, 7, and 10 to the consolidated financial statements). the following table summarizes the amounts of those obligations as of april 30, 2019, and the years when they are expected to be paid.1 we expect to meet these obligations with internally generated funds.
(dollars in millions)                   total              2020             2021-2022             2023-2024            after 2024
long-term debt                     $2,323                $-                  $-                  $250                $2,073
interest on long-term debt          1,244                74                 148                   141                   881
tax act repatriation tax               67                 -                   8                    20                    39
grape purchases                        24                12                  10                     1                     1
operating leases                       59                23                  26                     8                     2
postretirement benefits2               25                25                 n/a                   n/a                   n/a agave purchases3                       25               n/a                 n/a                   n/a                   n/a total                              $3,767              $134                $192                  $420                $2,996
1   excludes liabilities for tax uncertainties, as we cannot reasonably predict their ultimate amount or timing of settlement.
2   as of april 30, 2019, we have unfunded pension and other postretirement benefit obligations of $204 million. because we cannot determine the specific periods in which those obligations will be funded, the table above reflects no amounts related to those obligations other than the $25 million of expected contributions in fiscal 2020.
3   as discussed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, we have obligations to purchase agave, a plant whose sap forms the raw material for tequila. as of april 30, 2019, based on current market prices, obligations under these contracts totaled $25 million. because we cannot determine the specific periods in which those obligations will be paid, the above table reflects only the total related to those obligations.
50
critical accounting policies and estimates our financial statements reflect some estimates involved in applying the following critical accounting policies that entail uncertainties and subjectivity. using different estimates or policies could have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition.
goodwill and other intangible assets we have obtained most of our brands by acquiring other companies. when we acquire another company, we first allocate the purchase price to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible brand names and trademarks ("brand names"), based on estimated fair value. we then record any remaining purchase price as goodwill. we do not amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives. we consider all of our brand names to have indefinite lives.
we assess our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually. goodwill is impaired when the carrying amount of the related reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, in which case we write down the goodwill by the amount of the excess (limited to the carrying amount of the goodwill). we estimate the reporting unit's fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows or market information. similarly, a brand name is impaired when its carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value, in which case we write down the brand name to its estimated fair value. we typically estimate the fair value of a brand name using either the "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" method. we also consider market values for similar assets when available. considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value, including making assumptions about future cash flows, discount rates, and royalty rates.
we have the option, before quantifying the fair value of a reporting unit or brand name, to evaluate qualitative factors to assess whether it is more likely than not that our goodwill or brand names are impaired. if we determine that is not the case, then we are not required to quantify the fair value. that assessment also takes considerable management judgment.
based on our assumptions, we believe none of our goodwill or other intangibles are impaired. further, we estimate the fair values of goodwill and other intangible assets substantially exceed their carrying amounts, with the exception of two brand name intangible assets. as of april 30, 2019, the carrying amounts of these two brand names totaled $360 million. net sales attributable to these two brand names currently represent approximately 5% of our consolidated net sales.
reasonably possible changes in the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of either brand name could result in a future impairment charge. for example, we estimate that (a) a 10% decline in projected future cash flows for both brands would result in a total non-cash impairment charge of approximately $5 million and (b) a 1 percentage point change in the discount rate would result in a total non-cash impairment charge of approximately $8 million.
pension and other postretirement benefits we sponsor various defined benefit pension plans and postretirement plans providing retiree health care and retiree life insurance benefits. benefits are based on factors such as years of service and compensation level during employment. we expense the benefits expected to be paid over employees' expected service. this requires us to make assumptions to determine the net benefit expense and obligations, such as interest rates, return on plan assets, the rate of salary increases, expected service, and health care cost trend rates.
the assets, obligations, and assumptions used to measure pension and retiree medical costs are determined at the beginning of the year ("measurement date"). because obligations are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate is a significant assumption. it is based on interest rates for high-quality, long-term corporate debt at each measurement date. the expected return on pension plan assets reflects expected capital market returns for each asset class that are based on historical returns, adjusted for the expected effects of diversification and active management (net of fees) of the assets. the other assumptions also reflect our historical experience and management's best judgment regarding future expectations.
beginning in fiscal 2018, we changed the method used to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the new estimation approach discounts the individual expected cash flows underlying the service cost and interest cost using the applicable spot rates derived from the yield curve used to discount the cash flows used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. previously, we estimated these service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. we believe the new approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. we accounted for this change in estimate prospectively, beginning may 1, 2017. the new approach does not affect the measurement of our plan obligations, but generally results in lower service cost and interest cost in periods when the yield curve slopes upward.
51
the following table compares the assumed discount rates and expected return on assets used in determining net periodic benefit cost for fiscal 2019 to those to be used in determining that cost for fiscal 2020.
pension benefits                medical and lifeinsurance benefits
2019                                                      2020                   2019                       2020
discount rate for service cost    4.30   %          4.17     %          4.34   %                   4.24   %
discount rate for interest cost   3.93   %          3.57     %          3.90   %                   3.53   %
expected return on plan assets    6.50   %          6.50     %           n/a                        n/a using these assumptions, we estimate our pension and other postretirement benefit cost for fiscal 2020 will be approximately $29 million. the following table compares the actual cost for fiscal 2019 to the estimated cost for fiscal 2020.
(dollars in millions)       2019 actual          2020 estimated service cost                  $25                    $24
non-operating costs            22         5
total                         $47                    $29
decreasing/increasing the assumed discount rates by 50 basis points would increase/decrease the total fiscal 2020 cost by approximately $6 million (including $2 million of service cost and $4 million of non-operating costs). decreasing/increasing the assumed return on plan assets by 50 basis points would increase/decrease the total fiscal 2020 cost by approximately $4 million (consisting only of non-operating costs).
income taxes significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. we establish liabilities when some positions are likely to be challenged and may not succeed, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. we adjust these liabilities in light of changing circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. we believe current liabilities are appropriate for all known contingencies, but this situation could change.
years can elapse before we can resolve a particular matter for which we may have established a tax liability. although predicting the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter can be difficult, we believe our liabilities reflect the likely outcome of known tax contingencies. unfavorable settlement of any particular issue could require use of our cash. conversely, a favorable resolution could result in reduced cash tax payments, the reversal of previously established liabilities, or some combination of these results, which could reduce our effective tax rate.
updated accounting standards see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for information about updated accounting standards that we have recently adopted or will adopt in future periods.
