item 1a.    risk factors risk factors our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our financial condition and business operations. see "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements."
risks relating to our business and industries adverse weather conditions, including as a result of climate change, may adversely affect the availability, quality and price of agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products, as well as our operations and operating results.
adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodity industry and consequently in our operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests, which may affect the supply and pricing of the agricultural commodities that we sell and use in our business, reduce demand for our fertilizer products and negatively affect the creditworthiness of agricultural producers who do business with us.
severe adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes or severe storms, may also result in extensive property damage, extended business interruption, personal injuries and other loss and damage to us. our operations also rely on dependable and efficient transportation services. a disruption in transportation services, as a result of weather conditions or otherwise, may also significantly adversely impact our operations.
additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. these potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels that could adversely impact our costs and business operations, the location, costs and competitiveness of global agricultural commodity production and related storage and processing facilities and the supply and demand for agricultural commodities. these effects could be material to our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
we are subject to fluctuations in agricultural commodity and other raw material prices, energy prices and other factors outside of our control that could adversely affect our operating results.
prices for agricultural commodities and their by-products, including, among others, soybeans, corn, wheat, sugar and ethanol, like those of other commodities, are often volatile and sensitive to local and international changes in supply and demand caused by factors outside of our control, including farmer planting and selling decisions, currency fluctuations, government agriculture programs and policies, global inventory levels, demand for biofuels, weather and crop conditions, and demand for and supply of competing commodities and substitutes. these factors may cause volatility in our operating results.
our fertilizer business may also be adversely affected by fluctuations in the prices of agricultural commodities and fertilizer raw materials that are caused by market factors beyond our control. increases in fertilizer prices due to higher raw material costs have in the past and could in the future adversely affect demand for our fertilizer products. additionally, as a result of competitive conditions in our food and ingredients and fertilizer segments, we may not be able to recoup increases in raw material costs through increases in sales prices for our products, which may adversely affect our profitability.
additionally, our operating costs and the selling prices of certain of our products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. our industrial operations utilize significant amounts of electricity, natural gas and coal, and our transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. significant increases in the cost of these items and currency fluctuations could adversely affect our operating costs and results. we also sell certain biofuel products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products. as a result, the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. in turn, the selling prices of the agricultural commodities and commodity products that we sell, such as corn and vegetable oils that are used as feedstocks for biofuels, are also sensitive to changes in the market price for biofuels, and consequently world petroleum prices. prices for petroleum products and biofuels are affected by market factors and government fuel policies, over which we have no control. lower prices for oil, gasoline or diesel fuel could result in decreased selling prices for ethanol, biodiesel and their raw materials, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
our business is seasonal, and our results may fluctuate depending on the harvest cycle of the crops upon which we rely and seasonal fluctuations related to the sale of our consumer products.
as with any agricultural business enterprise, our business operations are seasonal in nature. for example, in our agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres. the first quarter of the year, however, has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the north and south american oilseed harvests, as the north american oilseed harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, while the south american harvest peaks in the second quarter. this creates price fluctuations, which result in fluctuations in our inventories and a degree of seasonality in our gross profit. in our fertilizer segment, we are subject to seasonal trends based on the south american agricultural growing cycle as farmers typically purchase the bulk of their fertilizer needs in the second half of the year. in addition, certain of our consumer food products are influenced by holidays and other annual events. seasonality could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. in addition, our quarterly results may vary as a result of the effects of fluctuations in commodities prices, production yields and costs.
we face intense competition in each of our businesses.
we face significant competition in each of our businesses and we have numerous competitors, some of which are larger, more diversified and have greater financial resources than we have. additionally, in recent years we have experienced regional agribusiness competitors entering new geographies where previously they did not compete with us, and certain customers seeking to procure certain commodities directly rather than through historical suppliers such as us. as many of the products we sell are global commodities, the markets for our products are highly price competitive, and in many cases also sensitive to product substitution. additionally, the geographic location of assets can competitively advantage or disadvantage us with respect to our competitors in certain regions. we also face competition from changing technologies and shifting industry practices, such as increased on-farm crop storage in several regions, which allows producers to retain commodities for extended periods and increase price pressure on purchasers such as us. to compete effectively, we must continuously focus on improving efficiency in our production and distribution operations, developing and offering products that meet customer needs, optimizing our geographic presence in key markets, and developing and maintaining appropriate market share and customer relationships. we also compete for talent in our industries, particularly commercial personnel. competition could cause us to lose market share and talented employees, exit certain lines of business, increase marketing or other expenditures, increase our raw material costs or reduce pricing, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability.
we are vulnerable to the effects of supply and demand imbalances in our industries.
historically, the market for some agricultural commodities and fertilizer products has been cyclical, with periods of high demand and capacity utilization stimulating new plant investment and the addition of incremental processing or production capacity by industry participants to meet the demand. the timing and extent of this expansion may then produce excess supply conditions in the market, which, until the supply/demand balance is again restored, negatively impacts product prices and operating results. during times of reduced market demand, we may suspend or reduce production at some of our facilities. the extent to which we efficiently manage available capacity at our facilities will affect our profitability. we also expect the results from our equity investment in the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture to be impacted by any potential shortage of, or increasing costs for, sugarcane.
we are subject to global and regional economic downturns and related risks.
the level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. a significant downturn in global economic growth, or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions, may lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities and food products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
additionally, weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in global financial and capital markets, including constraints on the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the financial condition and creditworthiness of some of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, which in turn may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
for example, brazil has experienced significant political uncertainty in recent years due to high profile political corruption scandals, the impeachment of a former president, and general uncertainty regarding the election of a new president that took office during 2019. additionally, brazil's economy has been slow to recover from a severe downturn in 2015 and 2016. the depressed and uncertain economic and political environment in brazil has adversely affected consumer confidence levels and spending, which has led to reduced demand for products in our food and ingredients businesses in the country. the pace of economic improvement is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that economic and political conditions will not continue to affect market and consumer confidence or deteriorate further in the near term. additionally, a slowdown in china's economy over a prolonged period could lead to reduced global demand for agricultural commodities. for example, in december 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus surfaced in wuhan, china.  although cases have been confirmed in other countries, the outbreak has been largely concentrated in china where certain businesses have suspended or terminated operations, a portion of the population has been subject to self-imposed or mandatory quarantines and economic activity has slowed. to the extent that such economic and political conditions negatively impact consumer and business confidence and consumption patterns or volumes, our business and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected.
we are subject to economic, political and other risks of doing business globally and in emerging markets.
we are a global business with a substantial majority of our assets and operations located outside the united states. in addition, our business strategies may involve expanding or developing our business in emerging market regions, including eastern europe, asia-pacific, the middle east and africa. due to the international nature of our business, we are exposed to various risks of international operations, including:
•   adverse trade policies or trade barriers on agricultural commodities and commodity products;
•   inflation and hyperinflation and adverse economic effects resulting from governmental attempts to control inflation, such as the imposition of wage and price controls and higher interest rates;
•   changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation or enforcement in the countries where we operate, such as tax laws, including the risk of future adverse tax regulations relating to our status as a bermuda company;
•   difficulties in enforcing agreements or judgments and collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions;
•   exchange controls or other currency restrictions and limitations on the movement of funds, such as on the remittance of dividends by subsidiaries;
•   inadequate infrastructure and logistics challenges;
•   sovereign risk and the risk of government intervention, including through expropriation, or regulation of the economy or natural resources, including restrictions on foreign ownership of land or other assets;
•   the requirement to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that apply to international operations, including, without limitation, economic sanctions regulations, labor laws, import and export regulations, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, as well as other laws or regulations discussed in this "item 1a. risk factors" section;
•   challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations, including language differences, varying levels of u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") expertise in international locations and multiple financial information systems; and
•   labor disruptions, civil unrest, significant political instability, wars or other armed conflict or acts of terrorism.
these risks could adversely affect our operations, business strategies and operating results.
as a result of our international operations, we are also exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies, particularly the brazilian real, the euro and other foreign currencies affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies, affect farm economics in those regions and may also have a negative impact on the value of our assets located outside of the united states.
additionally, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding u.s. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. in recent years, there has been an increase in populism and nationalism in various countries around the world and consequently historical free trade principles are being challenged. for example, the u.s. government has indicated its intent to adopt a new approach to trade policy and in some cases to renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements. as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of any such changes and how well we are able to anticipate, respond to and effectively manage any such changes.
government policies and regulations affecting the agricultural sector and related industries could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions, price controls on agricultural commodities and energy policies (including biofuels mandates), can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, and the volume and types of imports and exports. additionally, regulation of financial markets and instruments in the united states and internationally may create uncertainty as these laws are adopted and implemented and may impose significant additional risks and costs that could impact our risk management practices. further, increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liabilities on us that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. future governmental policies, regulations or actions impacting our industries may adversely affect the supply of, demand for and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business in existing and target markets, or engage in risk management activities and otherwise cause our financial results to suffer.
finally, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. for example, a trade dispute between the u.s. and china that began in 2018 has led to both countries implementing tariffs on imported goods from the other, including on imports of u.s. soybeans into china. this has led to significant volatility in commodity prices, disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the u.s. and south america, which have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. we cannot predict the effects that future trade policy or the terms of any negotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business could have. additionally, failure to resolve the trade dispute between the countries may also lead to unexpected operating difficulties in china, enhanced regulatory scrutiny in china, greater difficulty transferring funds, or negative currency impacts.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures.
we have been an active acquirer of other companies, and we have joint ventures with several partners. part of our strategy involves acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures designed to expand or optimize our portfolio of businesses. our ability to benefit from acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable prospects, access funding sources on acceptable terms, negotiate favorable transaction terms and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. in addition, we are currently undertaking a strategic review of our businesses in order to identify opportunities to enhance shareholder value and may decide as a result of that process or otherwise, from time to time, to divest certain of our assets or businesses by selling them or entering into joint ventures. our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture.
our acquisition, joint venture or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays, costs and other problems. if we encounter unexpected problems with acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions.
acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. the due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition, the controls and policies we implement at acquired companies and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual liabilities. a material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. additionally, acquisitions involve other risks, such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities, systems integration risks, the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions, the risk of significant accounting charges and expenses resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition, the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements, our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities, compliance and reputational risks and other unanticipated problems and liabilities.
divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification, as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters, including environmental or litigation matters, associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. the magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction, and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. divestitures also have other inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our information technology and other systems and management processes, including the loss of key personnel. additionally, expected cost savings or other anticipated efficiencies or benefits from divestitures may also be difficult to achieve or maximize.
additionally, we have several joint ventures and investments where we may have limited control over governance, financial reporting and operations. as a result, we face certain operating, financial and other risks relating to these investments, including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, having differing objectives from our partners, the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree, compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. as a result, these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows. we recently entered into the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture related to our sugar and ethanol business in brazil, which resulted in the transfer of all assets and operations of this business into a new entity where we hold a 50% interest. we share control with bp, our joint venture partner, in bp bunge bioenergia and, as a result, our ability to realize the benefits of this joint venture will depend, in part, on our ability to work with and cooperate with bp and the ability of the leadership of bp bunge bioenergia to, among other things, integrate the operations of our business with that of bp into one organization, manage costs associated with such integration, retain key employees and realize the synergies expected from the joint venture. in addition, the business and financial performance of the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture may be adversely affected if there is a significant shortage of sugarcane supply, which is the principal raw material used in the production of ethanol and sugar, or if there is an increase in the cost of available sugarcane, which could result from any termination of the joint venture's partnership or supply contracts.
we are subject to industry and other risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results.
we are subject to food and feed industry risks which include, but are not limited to, spoilage, contamination, tampering or other adulteration of products, product liability claims and recalls. we are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry, including avian or swine influenza. also, increasing focus on climate change, deforestation, water, animal welfare and human rights concerns and other risks associated with the global food system may lead to increased activism focusing on food companies and their suppliers, governmental intervention and consumer responses. these risks could adversely affect our or our suppliers' reputation and business and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business.
as a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally, as well as ingredients included in trusted food brands of our customers, maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. the failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality, safety, integrity, environmental sustainability and social responsibility, including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers, even if untrue, may result in tangible effects, such as reduced demand for our products, disruptions to our operations, increased costs and loss of market share to competitors. our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell, such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats, sugars and grains consumed, as well as concerns regarding genetically modified crops. failure to anticipate, adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations globally, which could adversely affect our operating results.
due to our global business operations, we are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations in the countries where we operate. these include general business regulations, such as with respect to taxes, accounting, anti-corruption and fair competition, global trade, trade sanctions, product safety, the manufacturing, transport and sale of our products, environmental matters and the handling and production of regulated substances. in addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations, we may be subject to environmental liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases to liabilities for past operations at facilities that we no longer own or operate. we may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. our industrial activities can also result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries, facility shutdowns, reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. we may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to fines, penalties and other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including u.s. regulations issued by customs and border protection, the bureau of industry and security, the office of antiboycott compliance, the directorate of defense trade controls and office of foreign assets control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products, or to provide services outside the united states. furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the u.s. and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or in certain locations the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
in addition, continued government and public emphasis in countries where we operate on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation and natural resource management, have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight or other limitations on the agricultural industry, including increased environmental controls, land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. for example, certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. the imposition of regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, which may include limitations on greenhouse gas emissions, other restrictions on industrial operations, taxes or fees on greenhouse gas emissions, and other measures, could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations.
we are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customers in the ordinary course of business. in particular, we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in brazil and, as a result, our business and financial results may be adversely affected if these farmers are unable to repay the capital advanced to them.
we have various credit terms with customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness, which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. in the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
in brazil, where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers, we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances, which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, we had approximately $568 million and $609 million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances to farmers. we are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions, and other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. in addition, any collateral held by us as part of these financing transactions may not be sufficient to fully protect us from loss.
we are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business.
we require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities, with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. we are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade and expand our extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, logistics assets and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances and safety and environmental standards. furthermore, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to have access to significant amounts of capital. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities, including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets, we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans, which may adversely impact our competitiveness and, therefore, our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $4,315 million of aggregate unused committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities and $4,994 million in total debt. our debt levels could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are, and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. this may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. furthermore, difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets generally could adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt or the cost or other terms of such refinancing, as well as adversely affect the financial position of the lenders with whom we do business, which may reduce our ability to obtain financing for our operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources"
access to credit markets and pricing of company debt is also dependent on maintaining appropriate credit ratings, and one of our financial objectives has been to maintain an investment grade credit rating. while our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt, reductions in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on favorable terms, as well as impair our ability to compete effectively relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
in addition, some of our credit facilities, interest rate derivatives and commercial agreements use libor (london inter-bank offered rate) as the benchmark rate. libor has recently been the subject of international reform proposals and it is expected that libor will be discontinued or modified by the end of 2021. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor, or the establishment of alternative reference rates may have on libor, other benchmark rates or floating rate debt instruments. while certain of our credit facilities contain libor alternative provisions, the use of alternative reference rates or other reforms could cause the interest rate on our borrowings to be materially different than expected. these developments may cause us to renegotiate some of these agreements. we will continue to monitor market developments related to libor's modification or discontinuance.
our risk management strategies may not be effective.
our business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. we engage in hedging transactions to manage these risks. however, our exposures may not always be fully hedged, and our hedging strategies may not be successful in minimizing our exposure to these fluctuations. in addition, our risk management strategies may seek to position our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements. while we have implemented a broad range of risk monitoring and control procedures and policies to mitigate potential losses, they may not in all cases be successful in anticipating a significant risk exposure and protecting us from losses that have the potential to impair our financial position. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk"
we may not be able to achieve the targeted benefits anticipated from our portfolio rationalization and business realignment initiatives.
in may 2019, we announced a new, global operating model aligned with our commercial activities of handling and processing agricultural commodities and commodity products, managing physical product flows, and risk management and optimization. this organizational realignment, could, among other things, require a significant investment of capital and human resources and may be costly and disruptive to our operations, and could impose substantial demands on the time of management. the realignment may also require, among other things, changes in our systems, modification of internal control procedures and training of employees or third party resources. the impact of any strategic or operational challenges we face during or as a result of the realignment could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
in addition, we may not achieve the targeted benefits under the realignment, or we may not achieve them within our expected timetable. unexpected delays, increased costs, adverse effects on our internal control environment, the inability to retain or motivate employees, or other challenges arising from the realignment could adversely affect our ability to realize its intended benefits.
the loss of, or a disruption in, our manufacturing and distribution operations or other operations and systems could adversely affect our business.
we are engaged in manufacturing and distribution activities on a global scale, and our business depends on our ability to execute and monitor, on a daily basis, a significant number of transactions across numerous markets or geographies. as a result, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, fires, explosions, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes, and disruptions in logistics or information systems, as well as natural disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. while we insure ourselves against many of these types of risks in accordance with industry standards, our level of insurance may not cover all losses. the potential effects of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
we rely on certain key information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including procurement and inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial and operational data, human resources management, legal and tax compliance, and other information and processes necessary to operate and manage our business. increased social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, networks and services. our information technology and infrastructure may experience attacks by hackers, breaches or other failures or disruptions that could compromise our systems and the information stored there. while we have implemented security measures and disaster recovery plans designed to protect the security and continuity of our networks and critical systems, these measures may not adequately prevent adverse events such as breaches or failures from occurring, or mitigate their severity if they do occur. if our information technology systems are breached, damaged or fail to function properly due to any number of causes, such as security breaches or cyber-based attacks, systems implementation difficulties, catastrophic events or power outages, and our security, contingency disaster recovery, or other risk mitigation plans do not effectively mitigate these occurrences on a timely basis, we may experience a material disruption in our ability to manage our business operations and produce financial reports, as well as significant costs and lost business opportunities until they are remediated. we may also be subject to legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, potential regulatory penalties and damage to our reputation. these impacts may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our competitive position.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income taxes in various jurisdictions throughout the world. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes, along with interest and penalties. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits and assessments in order to assess the appropriateness of our tax assets and liabilities. however, the calculation of such liabilities involves significant judgment in the interpretation of complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions. therefore, any dispute with a taxing authority may result in a payment or outcome that is significantly different from current estimates. there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our consolidated earnings and financial condition in the periods in which they are recognized.
additionally, changes in tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate and the monetization of recoverable tax assets (indirect tax credits). furthermore, the ongoing efforts in corporate tax transparency by the organization of economic cooperation and development ("oecd") and a number of countries has resulted in additional mandatory disclosures, which will likely cause additional scrutiny of the company's tax positions and potentially increased tax assessments.
risks relating to our common shares we are a bermuda company, and it may be difficult to enforce judgments against us and our directors and executive officers.
we are a bermuda exempted company. as a result, the rights of holders of our common shares will be governed by bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. the rights of shareholders under bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies or corporations incorporated in other jurisdictions, including the united states. several of our directors and some of our officers are non-residents of the united states, and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those directors and officers are located outside the united states. as a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process on those persons in the united states or to enforce in the u.s. judgments obtained in u.s. courts against us or those persons based on civil liability provisions of the u.s. securities laws. it is doubtful whether courts in bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the united states, against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in bermuda against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions.
our bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action against our officers and directors.
our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, against any of our officers or directors. the waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. this waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors unless the act, or failure to act, involves fraud or dishonesty.
we have anti-takeover provisions in our bye-laws that may discourage a change of control.
our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. these provisions provide for:
•   directors to be removed without cause at any special general meeting only upon the affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution then in issue;
•   restrictions on the time period in which directors may be nominated;
•   our board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and rights of our preference shares and to issue the preference shares without shareholder approval; and
•   an affirmative vote of at least 66% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution for some business combination transactions, which have not been approved by our board of directors.
these provisions, as well as any additional anti-takeover measures our board of directors could adopt in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party's offer may be considered beneficial by many shareholders. as a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following should be read in conjunction with "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
operating results factors affecting operating results bunge limited, a bermuda company, together with its subsidiaries, is a leading global agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm to consumer foods. the commodity nature of the company's principal products, as well as regional and global supply and demand variations that occur as an inherent part of the business, make volumes an important operating measure. accordingly, information is included in "segment results" that summarizes certain items in our consolidated statements of income and volumes by reportable segment. the common unit of measure for all reported volumes is metric tons. a description of reported volumes for each reportable segment has also been included in the discussion of key factors affecting results of operations in each of our business segments as discussed below.
agribusiness in the agribusiness segment, we purchase, store, transport, process and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy, transportation and logistics services. profitability in our oilseed processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured, processed and sold and by capacity utilization rates. availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors, including weather, farmer planting and selling decisions, plant diseases, governmental policies, and agricultural sector economic conditions. reported volumes in this segment primarily reflect (i) grains and oilseeds originated from farmers, cooperatives or other aggregators and from which "origination margins" are earned; (ii) oilseeds processed in our oilseed processing facilities and from which "crushing margins" are earned, representing the margin from the industrial separation of the oilseed into its protein meal and vegetable oil components, both of which are separate commodity products; and (iii) third party sales of grains, oilseeds and related commodity products merchandised through our distribution businesses and from which "distribution margins" are earned. the foregoing subsegment volumes may overlap as they produce separate margin capture opportunities. for example, oilseeds procured in our south american grain origination activities may be processed in our oilseed processing facilities in asia-pacific and will be reflected at both points within the segment. as such, these reported volumes do not represent solely volumes of net sales to third-parties, but rather where margin is earned, appropriately reflecting their contribution to our global network's capacity utilization and profitability.
demand for our purchased and processed agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products.
we expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. we also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity.
additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, such as inventories, accounts receivable and borrowings over the course of a given year. for example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. increases in agricultural commodity prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories.
food and ingredients in the food and ingredients businesses, which consist of our edible oil products and milling products segments, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials, such as crude vegetable oils and grains, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the edible oil products and milling products segments are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in these segments reflect third-party sales of our finished products and, as such, include the sales of products derived from raw materials sourced from the agribusiness segment as well as from third-parties. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
sugar and bioenergy prior to the formation of the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture in december 2019, our bioenergy and sugarcane ethanol business in brazil consisted of eight sugarcane mills in brazil. in our former bioenergy and sugarcane ethanol business, we used sugarcane to produce sugar and ethanol, which was supplied by a combination of our own plantations and third-party farmers. additionally, through cogeneration facilities at our sugarcane mills, we produced electricity from the burning of sugarcane bagasse (the fibrous portion of the sugarcane that remains after the extraction of sugarcane juice) in boilers, which enabled our mills to meet their energy requirements. any surplus electricity was sold to the local grid or other large third-party users of electricity. all of these activities were assumed by our bp bunge bioenergia joint venture. following the formation of the joint venture, we accounted for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting and ceased to consolidate our sugar and bioenergy operations in brazil in our consolidated financial statements.
profitability in this segment is affected by the profitability of the joint venture and, therefore the value of our investment and the amount and timing of distributions we receive, if any. in turn, the profitability of the joint venture is affected by the availability and quality of sugarcane, which impacts capacity utilization rates and the amount of sugar that can be extracted from the sugarcane, and by market prices of sugar and ethanol. the availability and quality of sugarcane is affected by many factors, including weather, geographical factors such as soil quality and topography, and agricultural practices. once planted, sugarcane may be harvested for several continuous years, but the yield decreases with each subsequent harvest. as a result, the current optimum economic cycle is generally five to seven consecutive harvests, depending on location. the joint venture owns and/or has partnership agreements to manage farmland on which it grows and harvests sugarcane, and also purchases sugarcane from third parties. prices of sugarcane in brazil are established by consecana, the state of são paulo sugarcane, sugar and ethanol council, and are based on the sucrose content of the cane and the market prices of sugar and ethanol. demand for the joint venture's products is affected by such factors as changes in global or regional economic conditions, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, population growth rates, changes in per capita income and demand for and governmental support of renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities, including sugarcane.
fertilizer in the fertilizer segment, demand for our products is affected by the profitability of the agricultural sectors we serve, the availability of credit to farmers, agricultural commodity prices, the types of crops planted, the number of acres planted, the quality of the land under cultivation and weather-related issues affecting the success of the harvests. our profitability is impacted by international selling prices for fertilizers and fertilizer raw materials, such as phosphate, sulfur, ammonia and urea, ocean freight rates and other import costs, as well as import volumes at the port facilities we manage. as our operations are in south america, primarily argentina, our results in this segment are typically seasonal, with fertilizer sales normally concentrated in the third and fourth quarters of the year due to the timing of the south american agricultural cycle. reported volumes in this segment reflect third-party sales of our finished products.
in addition to these industry related factors which impact our business areas, our results of operations in all business areas and segments are affected by the following factors:
foreign currency exchange rates due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. on a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into u.s. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. as a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the u.s. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. these amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses).
we primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. as a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets. in contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses).
income taxes as a bermuda exempted company, we are not subject to income taxes on income in our jurisdiction of incorporation.  however, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. the jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are brazil, the united states, argentina and bermuda. determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events.
non-u.s. gaap financial measures total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("ebit") is an operating performance measure used by bunge's management to evaluate segment operating activities. bunge's management believes total segment ebit is a useful measure of operating profitability, since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. in addition, ebit is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in bunge's industries. total segment ebit is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to bunge, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure.
results of operations
2019 overview for the year ended december 31, 2019, net income attributable to bunge decreased by $1,547 million to a loss of $1,280 million from income of $267 million in 2018. this decrease resulted from lower segment ebit from our reportable segments of $1,721 million, predominantly in sugar and bioenergy, where we recorded charges of $1,673 million associated with the sale of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, in edible oils products, due to a $108 million goodwill impairment charge, and in agribusiness, primarily from lower results in our oilseed processing, grain origination, and grain trading and distribution businesses.
income tax expense was $86 million in 2019, compared to income tax expense of $179 million in 2018. the effective tax rate for 2019 was negative 7% compared to 39% in 2018. the effective tax rate for 2019 was adversely impacted primarily due to non-deductible losses related to the deconsolidation of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, partially offset by a favorable earnings mix. the higher effective tax rate for 2018 was primarily due to an unfavorable earnings mix, coupled with an income tax charge of $48 million for valuation allowances established in brazil and china.
total segment ebit was a loss of $891 million in 2019 compared to income of $737 million in 2018. ebit for 2019 included charges of $1,673 million associated with the sale of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million associated with our 2018 acquisition of ioi loders croklaan ("loders"), $42 million of severance, employee benefit and other program costs related to our global competitiveness program ("gcp"), $4 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to other industrial initiatives, $5 million of restructuring charges in our brazilian industrial sugar operations, and $38 million of indirect tax charges in brazil. in addition, ebit included $159 million of asset impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives, and a $22 million impairment charge associated with the relocation of our global headquarters. ebit also included a $6 million loss on the sale of an equity investment, $6 million of integration fees, an $11 million write-off of a tax indemnification asset associated with the reversal of an uncertain tax position recorded in a previous year, a $19 million gain on the sale of assets, and a $9 million gain from an arbitration settlement. ebit for 2018 included $51 million of severance, employee benefit and other program costs related to the gcp, $9 million of severance and other employee benefit costs related to other industrial initiatives, $10 million of restructuring charges in our brazilian industrial sugar operations, and $10 million of indirect tax credits in brazil. in addition, ebit included $10 million of impairment charges related to european port assets, $29 million of losses on the disposition of equity interests in brazil and asia, $19 million of acquisition fees, and a $24 million loss on the extinguishment of debt.
agribusiness segment ebit decreased by $154 million to $491 million in 2019, from $645 million in 2018, primarily due to lower results in our oilseed processing, grain origination, and grain trading and distribution businesses, driven by lower volumes and margins in most regions, as well as impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives. these negative impacts were partially offset by better results in our ocean freight and financial services businesses, as well as lower sg&a expenses and foreign currency losses.
edible oil products segment ebit decreased $63 million to $59 million in 2019 from $122 million in 2018, primarily due to a goodwill impairment charge related to the 2018 acquisition of loders, partially offset by higher volumes and margins in the u.s. and europe, and higher volumes and margins associated with a more favorable product mix in argentina.
milling products segment ebit decreased by $31 million to $59 million in 2019, from $90 million in 2018 driven by lower volumes and margins in brazil and mexico, as well as impairment charges associated with certain portfolio rationalization initiatives.
sugar and bioenergy segment ebit decreased by $1,488 million to a loss of $1,623 million in 2019, primarily due to $1,673 million in charges associated with the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint venture, bp bunge bioenergia, in december 2019.
fertilizer segment ebit increased $15 million to $54 million in 2019, primarily due to higher sales volumes, lower overall expenses, and more favorable foreign exchange results.
segment results bunge has five reportable segments; agribusiness, edible oil products, milling products, sugar and bioenergy, and fertilizer, which are organized based upon similarities in their economic characteristics, products and services offered, production processes, types and classes of customer served, and distribution methods. the agribusiness segment is characterized by both inputs and outputs being agricultural commodities, and thus high volume and low margin. the edible oil products segment involves the manufacturing and marketing of products derived from vegetable oils. the milling products segment involves the manufacturing and marketing of products derived primarily from wheat and corn. the sugar and bioenergy segment primarily comprises our investment in bp bunge bioenergia, a joint venture formed in december 2019 that combined bunge's brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, through which we produced and sold sugar and ethanol derived from sugarcane, as well as energy derived from the sugar and ethanol production process, together with the brazilian biofuels business of bp. the fertilizer segment includes the activities of our port operations in brazil and argentina and blending and distribution operations in argentina.
a summary of certain items in our consolidated statements of income and volumes by reportable segment for the periods indicated is set forth below.
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                 2019                    2018                    2017
volume (in thousands of metric tons):
agribusiness                                              139,968                 146,309                 142,855
edible oil products                                         9,606                   9,024                   7,731
milling products                                            4,531                   4,604                   4,460
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                     3,836                   6,509                   9,389
fertilizer                                                  1,508                   1,328                   1,329
net sales:
agribusiness                                              $28,407                 $32,206                 $31,741
edible oil products                                         9,186                   9,129                   8,018
milling products                                            1,739                   1,691                   1,575
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                     1,288                   2,257                   4,054
fertilizer                                                    520                     460                     406
total                                                     $41,140                 $45,743                 $45,794
cost of goods sold:
agribusiness                                             $(27,315    )           $(30,772    )           $(30,808    )
edible oil products                                        (8,572    )             (8,575    )             (7,519    )
milling products                                           (1,578    )             (1,464    )             (1,366    )
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                    (2,691    )             (2,276    )             (3,955    )
fertilizer                                                   (442    )               (390    )               (381    )
total                                                    $(40,598    )           $(43,477    )           $(44,029    )
gross profit (loss):
agribusiness                                               $1,092                  $1,434                    $933
edible oil products                                           614                     554                     499
milling products                                              161                     227                     209
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                    (1,403    )                (19    )                 99
fertilizer                                                     78                      70                      25
total                                                        $542                  $2,266                  $1,765
selling, general &amp; administrative expenses:
agribusiness                                                $(679    )              $(740    )              $(805    )
edible oil products                                          (451    )               (412    )               (361    )
milling products                                             (130    )               (136    )               (138    )
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                       (69    )               (112    )               (114    )
fertilizer                                                    (16    )                (23    )                (19    )
other                                                          (6    )                  -                       -
total                                                     $(1,351    )            $(1,423    )            $(1,437    )
foreign exchange gain (loss):
agribusiness                                                 $(32    )              $(104    )                $85
edible oil products                                             -                       -
milling products                                                                        2                      (3    )
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                       (89    )                  7                      11
fertilizer                                                      -                      (6    )                 (1    )
total                                                       $(117    )              $(101    )                $95
30
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                       2019                2018                2017
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests:(2)
agribusiness                                                                         $2                $(14    )            $(9    )
edible oil products                                                                   7                 (12    )             (8    )
milling products                                                                      -                   -                   -
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                                               -                   1                   -
fertilizer                                                                           (3    )             (2    )             (2    )
total                                                                                $6                $(27    )           $(19    )
other income (expense):
agribusiness                                                                       $108                 $79                 $56
edible oil products                                                                  (3    )             (8    )             (7    )
milling products                                                                      5                  (3    )             (5    )
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                                              (7    )              4                  (4    )
fertilizer                                                                           (5    )              -                   -
other                                                                                75                 (24    )              -
total                                                                              $173                 $48                 $40
gain (loss), net on disposition of equity interests-agribusiness                     $-                $(10    )             $9
equity investment impairment-agribusiness                                            $-                  $-                $(13    )
goodwill impairment-edible oils products                                          $(108    )             $-                  $-
gain on sale of assets-milling products                                             $19                  $-                  $-
loss on disposition of equity interest/subsidiaries-sugar and bioenergy            $(55    )           $(16    )             $-
equity investment impairment-sugar and bioenergy                                     $-                  $-                 $(4    )
segment ebit:(2)
agribusiness                                                                       $491                $645                $256
edible oil products                                                                  59                 122                 126
milling products                                                                     59                  90                  63
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                                          (1,623    )           (135    )            (12    )
fertilizer                                                                           54                  39                   3
other                                                                                69                 (24    )              -
total                                                                             $(891    )           $737                $436
depreciation, depletion and amortization:
agribusiness                                                                      $(254    )          $(257    )          $(267    )
edible oil products                                                                (159    )           (153    )           (105    )
milling products                                                                    (54    )            (58    )            (61    )
sugar and bioenergy (1)                                                             (74    )           (146    )           (164    )
fertilizer                                                                           (7    )             (8    )            (12    )
total                                                                             $(548    )          $(622    )          $(609    )
net income (loss) attributable to bunge                                         $(1,280    )           $267                $160
(1)   in december 2019, we contributed our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations forming the majority of our sugar and bioenergy segment into the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture. as a result of this transaction, as of december 2019, we no longer consolidate our sugar and bioenergy operations in brazil in our consolidated financial statements. we account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting.
(2)   we refer to our earnings before interest and taxes in each of our segments as "segment ebit". total segment ebit is an operating performance measure used by bunge's management to evaluate its segments' operating activities. total
31
segment ebit is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to bunge, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. bunge's management believes segment ebit is a useful measure of its segments' operating profitability, since the measure allows for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to its financing methods or capital structure. in addition, ebit is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in bunge's industries. total segment ebit excludes ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests and is not a measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to bunge or any other measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap.
a reconciliation of net income attributable to bunge to total segment ebit follows:
year endeddecember 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2019                2018                2017
net income (loss) attributable to bunge                        $(1,280    )           $267                $160
interest income                                                    (31    )            (31    )            (38    )
interest expense                                                   339                 339                 263
income tax expense                                                  86                 179                  56
(income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax               -                 (10    )              -
noncontrolling interests' share of interest and tax                 (5    )             (7    )             (5    )
total segment ebit                                               $(891    )           $737                $436
2019 compared to 2018
net income attributable to bunge- for the year ended december 31, 2019, net income attributable to bunge decreased by $1,547 million to a loss of $1,280 million, from income of $267 million in 2018. this decrease resulted primarily from lower segment ebit of $1,628 million, predominantly in sugar and bioenergy, due to $1,673 million in charges associated with the sale of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, in edible oils products, due to a $108 million goodwill impairment charge, and in agribusiness, due to lower results in our oilseed processing business.
income tax expense- in the year ended december 31, 2019, income tax expense was $86 million compared to income tax expense of $179 million in 2018. the effective tax rate for 2019 was negative 7% compared to 39% for 2018. the effective tax rate in 2019 was adversely impacted by non-deductible losses related to the deconsolidation of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, partially offset by a favorable earnings mix. the higher effective tax rate for 2018 was primarily due to an unfavorable earnings mix, coupled with an income tax charge of $48 million for valuation allowances established in brazil and china.
agribusiness segment- agribusiness segment net sales decreased by 12% to $28.4 billion in 2019, compared to $32.2 billion in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to lower sales volumes in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses, associated with lower supply in north america, due to adverse weather conditions and the ongoing us-china trade dispute, and lower farmer selling in brazil through much of the year. additionally, net sales decreased due to lower average sales prices in our oilseed businesses, following increased global soybean meal availability, due to increased argentinian supply compared to last year's drought and limited harvest, coupled with lower chinese demand as a result of the african swine fever outbreak.
cost of goods sold decreased by 11% in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily related to lower sales volumes and purchase prices in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses, coupled with lower purchase prices and improved trading results in our oilseed businesses. these impacts were partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market in our oilseed processing business compared to the prior year, and approximately $87 million of impairment charges related to pp&e at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives.
gross profit decreased to $1,092 million in 2019, from $1,434 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to lower oilseed processing results, including unfavorable mark-to-market compared to the prior year, and lower results in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses, driven by lower volumes and margins in most regions, as well as approximately $87 million of pp&e impairment charges at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives. these negative impacts were partially offset by better results in our oilseed trading and distribution business, higher results in our ocean freight business, and better results in our financial services businesses.
sg&a expenses decreased $61 million to $679 million in 2019, which represented an 8% decrease from $740 million last year. the decrease was mainly due to savings from actions associated with the gcp, as well as lower charges recognized in connection with the execution of the gcp itself, in addition to the depreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar. these decreases were partially offset by an impairment charge associated with the relocation of our global headquarters and the write-off of a tax indemnification asset associated with the reversal of an uncertain tax position recorded in a previous year.
foreign exchange results in 2019 were losses of $32 million, compared to losses of $104 million in 2018. foreign exchange results are primarily driven by funding non-u.s. functional currency operations. results in 2018 were primarily driven by the devaluation of the argentine peso on u.s. dollar loans to fund operations in argentina.
other income (expenses) - net was income of $108 million in 2019, compared to income of $79 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher income earned from financial services activities and improved results from our soy crush investments in south america. additionally, 2018 results included the loss on sale of an equity investment.
segment ebit decreased by $154 million in 2019 to $491 million, from $645 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to lower profits in our oilseed processing business, including an unfavorable mark-to-market impact on forward contracts compared to the prior year, as well as lower profits in our grain origination, trading and distribution businesses, partially offset by higher results in our ocean freight business, better results in our financial services businesses, lower sg&a expenses, and lower foreign exchange losses.
edible oil products segment- edible oil products segment net sales increased by 1% in 2019 to $9.2 billion, compared to $9.1 billion in 2018. increased sales volumes driven by our acquisition of loders on march 1, 2018, were offset by lower prices in the u.s., europe, and brazil.
cost of goods sold in 2019 remained essentially flat compared to 2018, which is substantially in line with net sales noted above. the increase caused by $30 million of impairment charges related to pp&e at various facilities associated with portfolio rationalization initiatives and $26 million of indirect tax charges was offset by lower sales prices in the u.s., europe, and brazil.
gross profit in 2019 increased to $614 million, compared to $554 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes in the u.s. and europe, and higher sales volumes and a more favorable product mix in argentina. these increases were partially offset by the impairment charges and indirect tax charges noted above.
sg&a expenses increased by 9% to $451 million in 2019 compared to $412 million in the same period a year ago. the increase was driven by a full year ownership of loders, as well as impairment charges related to the relocation of our global headquarters and a distribution center in brazil, partially offset by lower costs in europe and brazil due to depreciation of the euro and brazilian real against the u.s. dollar, and from savings associated with the gcp.
other income (expenses) - net in 2019 included a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million associated with our 2018 acquisition of loders.
segment ebit decreased to $59 million in 2019, from $122 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to the aforementioned goodwill and other impairment charges, partially offset by higher gross profit in the u.s., europe, and argentina.
milling products segment- milling products segment net sales increased 3% to $1,739 million in 2019, compared to $1,691 million in 2018. the increase was primarily driven by higher sales prices for wheat products in brazil, the acquisition of two corn mills in the u.s. ("minsa") during the first quarter of 2018, and higher sales prices in our u.s. rice milling business. these increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes in mexico.
cost of goods sold in 2019 increased 8% to $1,578 million, compared to $1,464 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher raw material costs in brazil, higher raw material costs in our u.s. rice milling business, impairment charges associated with various portfolio rationalization initiatives, as well as additional costs associated with the acquisition of minsa. these increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes in mexico.
gross profit decreased by 29% to $161 million in 2019, down from $227 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily associated with lower margins in brazil, lower volumes in mexico, and the impairment charges noted above.
sg&a expenses decreased 4% to $130 million in 2019, compared to $136 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to savings from the gcp and the depreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar. additionally, 2018 was impacted by acquisition costs related to minsa.
other income (expenses) - net was income of $5 million in 2019, compared to expense of $3 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to a gain on an arbitration settlement in the u.s. in 2019.
segment ebit decreased to $59 million in 2019 from $90 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit in brazil and mexico, as well as impairment charges associated with certain portfolio rationalization initiatives, partially offset by a gain on the sale of wheat milling assets in brazil, an arbitration settlement gain, and lower overall sg&a expenses.
sugar and bioenergy segment- sugar and bioenergy segment net sales decreased to $1,288 million in 2019, compared to $2,257 million in 2018. the 43% decrease in sales was primarily due to the exiting of our international trading and merchandising business in 2018, as well as lower global sugar sales volumes and prices, partially offset by higher ethanol sales volumes and prices in brazil. additionally, in december 2019 we contributed our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint venture, bp bunge bioenergia.
cost of goods sold increased by 18% to $2,691 million in 2019, compared to $2,276 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to charges of $1,524 million associated with the sale of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations. this increase was partially offset by lower costs aligned with the decrease in net sales noted above.
gross profit was a loss of $1,403 million in 2019, compared to a loss of $19 million in 2018, primarily associated with lower sales and higher costs of goods sold, including the above mentioned charges associated with the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint venture, bp bunge bioenergia.
sg&a expenses decreased by $43 million to $69 million in 2019, from $112 million in 2018, primarily associated with the exiting of our international trading and merchandising business, lower bad debt expenses, savings and lower costs associated with the gcp, the impact of depreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar, as well as the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations in december 2019 to our newly formed joint venture, bp bunge bioenergia.
foreign currency results in 2019 were losses of $89 million, compared to gains of $7 million in 2018. foreign exchange losses in 2019 were primarily associated with intercompany loans related to our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations that were classified as held for sale in the third quarter of 2019. previously, these loans were classified as permanently invested and any related foreign exchange impact was recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). however, upon classification of our sugar and bioenergy operations as held for sale, such loans could no longer be determined to be permanently invested. as such, any foreign exchange impact was recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of income.
other income (expense) - net was a loss of $7 million in 2019, compared to income of $4 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily associated with lower results from our equity method investments.
segment ebit decreased to a loss of $1,623 million in 2019, from a loss of $135 million in 2018. the decrease was mainly due to $1,673 million in charges associated with the contribution of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations to our newly formed joint-venture, bp bunge bioenergia, as discussed above.
fertilizer segment- fertilizer segment net sales increased to $520 million in 2019, compared to $460 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes in argentina.
cost of goods sold in 2019 were $442 million, compared to $390 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes. additionally, 2018 costs were impacted by unfavorable foreign currency movements.
gross profit increased by $8 million to $78 million in 2019, from $70 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes and favorable foreign currency impacts compared to the prior year.
sg&a expenses decreased by $7 million to $16 million in 2019 from $23 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to bad debt recoveries during 2019.
foreign exchange results for 2019 were flat, compared to a loss of $6 million in 2018. results for 2018 primarily relate to foreign currency hedges of imports of inventories during the first six months of the year.
segment ebit increased by $15 million to $54 million in 2019, from $39 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit, lower overall expenses, and favorable foreign exchange results.
other- other segment ebit was $69 million in 2019, compared to a loss of $24 million in 2018. results in 2019 relate to our corporate venture capital unit activities, which benefited from the initial public offering of one of its investments during the second quarter of 2019 and subsequent gains on sales of such securities. the 2018 loss is related to make-whole payments in connection with the early extinguishment of $600 million of our 8.5% senior notes due 2019.
interest-a summary of consolidated interest income and expense follows:
year endeddecember 31,
(us$ in millions)   2019                  2018
interest income               $31                     $31
interest expense             (339     )              (339     )
interest income remained constant during 2019 and 2018 at $31 million. interest expense remained constant at $339 million in 2019 and 2018. average debt balances were lower in 2019 than in 2018, however, total interest expense remained flat due to the overall debt mix.
discontinued operations- in 2019 we no longer report discontinued operations. income from discontinued operations (retail fertilizer business in brazil) in 2018 was $10 million, which was mainly comprised of a gain on the final settlement from the liquidation of an entity in 2004, foreign exchange gains due to the depreciation of the brazilian real, and the recovery of bad debt provisions, partially offset by an $11 million charge related to the final settlement on the sale of the brazilian retail fertilizer business in 2013.
2018 compared to 2017
net income attributable to bunge- for the year ended december 31, 2018, net income attributable to bunge increased by $107 million to $267 million from $160 million in 2017. this increase resulted primarily from higher total segment ebit of $301 million, particularly in agribusiness, partially offset by higher interest and income tax expenses.
income tax expense- in the year ended december 31, 2018, income tax expense was $179 million compared to income tax expense of $56 million in 2017. the effective tax rate for 2018 was 39% compared to 24% for 2017. the higher effective tax rate for 2018 was primarily due to unfavorable earnings mix, coupled with an income tax charge of $48 million for valuation allowances established in brazil and china.
agribusiness segment- agribusiness segment net sales increased by 1% to $32.2 billion in 2018, compared to $31.7 billion in 2017, mostly aligned with the overall volume increase of 2% year over year. higher volumes and prices in our oilseed and grain trading and distribution businesses, mainly in europe and asia, and in our oilseed processing activities in europe, asia, and the u.s. were partially offset by lower prices in our grain origination businesses in the u.s. resulting from an international trade dispute between the u.s. and china, and lower volumes in our oilseed processing activities in argentina, due to reduced soybean production resulting from adverse weather conditions.
cost of goods sold in 2018 was relatively flat compared to 2017, with decreases, primarily in our south american and u.s. grain origination businesses, mainly due to lower average prices, and oilseed processing businesses in argentina, mainly due to lower volumes, being offset by higher costs in our grain and oilseed trading and distribution business, mainly due to higher volumes.
gross profit increased to $1,434 million in 2018, from $933 million in 2017. the increase was mainly due to higher soy crush margins in all regions primarily driven by strong global soymeal demand, combined with reduced supply due to the drought in argentina.
sg&a expenses decreased $65 million to $740 million in 2018, which represented an 8% decrease from $805 million last year. the decrease was primarily attributable to savings from the gcp and lower expenses due to the depreciation of the argentine peso and brazilian real against the u.s. dollar. sg&a expenses in 2017 also included $17 million of credit reserves in brazil, $7 million of impairment charges, primarily of intangible assets related to patents, and $7 million of transaction related costs associated with the acquisition of two oilseed processing facilities in europe.
foreign exchange results in 2018 were losses of $104 million, compared to gains of $85 million in 2017. results for 2018 were primarily driven by the impact of the devaluation of the argentine peso on u.s. dollar denominated debt in argentina to fund operations.
other income (expenses) - net was income of $79 million in 2018, compared to income of $56 million in 2017. the increase was primarily due to improved results from equity method investments in asia and income earned from financial services.
segment ebit increased by $389 million in 2018 to $645 million, from $256 million in 2017. the increase was mainly due to higher soy crush margins, partially offset by foreign exchange losses.
edible oil products segment- edible oil products segment net sales increased by 14% in 2018 to $9.1 billion, compared to $8.0 billion in 2017, resulting primarily from a 17% increase in volumes, driven by our acquisition of loders in march 2018 and the full year impact of production facilities in europe acquired in 2017. this was partially offset by lower prices in brazil due to high stocks of soybean oil in the domestic market resulting from the strong soy crushing environment.
cost of goods sold in 2018 increased 14% compared to 2017, which is in line with the increase in net sales noted above, and primarily driven by the impact of the recent acquisitions.
gross profit in 2018 increased to $554 million compared to $499 million in 2017. the increase was primarily due to the contribution to results by loders and higher volumes and improved margins for margarine in europe, which was partially offset by lower margins in our brazilian packaged oil business.
sg&a expenses increased by 14% to $412 million in 2018 compared with $361 million in the same period a year ago. the increase was primarily related to the acquisition of loders, including $19 million of integration costs. these increases were partially offset by lower costs in all other regions from gcp and the depreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar.
segment ebit decreased to $122 million in 2018, from $126 million in 2017. increased gross profit primarily from the acquisition of loders was more than offset by weaker margins in brazil and higher sg&a and other expenses.
milling products segment- milling products segment net sales increased 7% to $1,691 million in 2018 compared to $1,575 million in 2017. the increase was due to higher volumes in brazil and mexico driven by increased demand in various market segments, and higher prices in mexico, as well as the acquisition of minsa usa in the first quarter of 2018.
cost of goods sold in 2018 increased 7% to $1,464 million compared to $1,366 million in 2017, which is in line with the increase in net sales noted above and primarily driven by the acquisition of minsa usa, partially offset by lower costs and favorable foreign currency translation impact in brazil.
gross profit increased by 9% to $227 million in 2018, up from $209 million in 2017. the increase was primarily due to the acquisition of minsa usa and lower industrial costs in brazil.
sg&a expenses were essentially flat with $136 million in 2018 compared to $138 million in 2017, as added costs associated with the minsa usa acquisition were offset by lower costs in brazil due to the deprecation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar and savings from gcp.
segment ebit increased to $90 million in 2018 from $63 million in 2017 primarily due to better results in the u.s. and lower industrial costs and sg&a in brazil.
sugar and bioenergy segment- sugar and bioenergy segment net sales decreased to $2,257 million in 2018 compared to $4,054 million in 2017. the 44% decrease in sales was driven by lower sales volumes primarily in trading and merchandising resulting from exiting our international trading and merchandising business and lower global prices of sugar. our sugarcane milling volumes and yields were negatively impacted by drought conditions during the first half of the year, followed by excessive rain in the fourth quarter of 2018.
cost of goods sold decreased by 42% to $2,276 million in 2018 compared to $3,955 million in 2017, which is substantially in line with the decrease in net sales. 2018 results also included $10 million of restructuring charges compared to $22 million of restructuring charges in 2017 related to our industrial operations, as well as $3 million in indirect tax credits in 2018, compared to $16 million in 2017.
gross profit was a loss of $19 million in 2018, compared to income of $99 million in 2017, primarily in our sugarcane milling operations, due to lower sugar sales volumes and a decrease in sugar prices and margins globally, and lower results in our international trading and merchandising business as we exited this business during 2018.
sg&a expenses decreased by $2 million to $112 million in 2018 from $114 million in 2017, primarily due to the favorable impact of the depreciation of the brazilian real against the u.s. dollar, partially offset by higher employee separation and professional services costs related to our gcp.
foreign currency results in 2018 were gains of $7 million compared to $11 million in 2017. these results relate primarily to gains on foreign currency hedges on forward sales positions.
other income (expenses) - net was income of $4 million in 2018, compared to expense of $4 million in 2017, which is primarily associated with results in our equity method investments.
segment ebit decreased to a loss of $135 million in 2018 from a loss of $12 million in 2017, primarily due to lower volumes, global sugar prices and margins, the exiting of our international sugar trading activities and a $16 million loss on the sale of an equity investment in brazil.
fertilizer segment- fertilizer segment net sales increased to $460 million in 2018, compared to $406 million in 2017, primarily due to higher international fertilizer prices, partially offset by lower volumes in our port activities in brazil.
cost of goods sold in 2018 were $390 million compared to $381 million in 2017. the increase was primarily due to the higher costs of imported fertilizer inventories, partially offset by the impact of industrial cost reduction initiatives. cost of goods sold in 2018 included $1 million of severance and other employee benefit costs, compared to $13 million in 2017.
gross profit increased by $45 million to $70 million in 2018, from $25 million in 2017. the increase was primarily due to higher margins in argentina, benefits from our restructuring activities and lower severance and other employee benefit costs.
sg&a expenses increased by $4 million to $23 million in 2018 from $19 million in 2017. sg&a expenses in 2017 benefited from an insurance recovery and gains on sales of assets.
foreign exchange results for 2018 were a loss of $6 million compared to a loss of $1 million in 2017. results for 2018 relate primarily to foreign currency hedges in the first six months of the year for the import of inventories.
segment ebit increased by $36 million to $39 million in 2018 from $3 million in 2017. the increase was primarily due to stronger margins in argentina.
other- other segment ebit (loss) of $24 million in 2018 relates to a loss on extinguishment of debt, which was recorded in other income (expense). see note 17 - long-term debt and credit facilities, to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
interest-a summary of consolidated interest income and expense for the periods indicated follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)   2018                  2017
interest income               $31                     $38
interest expense             (339     )              (263     )
interest income decreased by $7 million to $31 million in 2018 compared to $38 million in 2017, primarily related to lower outstanding balances and lower interest rates, primarily in brazil. interest expense increased $76 million to $339 million in 2018 from $263 million in 2017, primarily due to higher average debt balances associated with funding the loders acquisition and higher working capital needs, as well as higher interest rates. these increases were partially offset by the reversal of interest related to icms tax credits in brazil.
discontinued operations- income from discontinued operations (retail fertilizer business in brazil) in 2018 was $10 million, compared to nil in 2017. the income for 2018 was mainly comprised of a gain on the final settlement from the liquidation of an entity in 2004, foreign exchange gains due to the depreciation of the brazilian real, and the recovery of bad debt provisions, partially offset by an $11 million charge related to the final settlement on the sale of the brazilian retail fertilizer business in 2013.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity our main financial objectives are to prudently manage financial risks, ensure consistent access to liquidity and minimize cost of capital in order to efficiently finance our business and maintain balance sheet strength. we generally finance our ongoing operations with cash flows generated from operations, issuance of commercial paper, borrowings under various bilateral and syndicated revolving credit facilities, term loans and proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. acquisitions and long-lived assets are generally financed with a combination of equity and long-term debt.
our current ratio, which is a widely used measure of liquidity and is defined as current assets divided by current liabilities, was 1.55 and 1.54 at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
37
cash and cash equivalents-cash and cash equivalents were $320 million at december 31, 2019 and $389 million at december 31, 2018. cash balances are managed in accordance with our investment policy, the objectives of which are to preserve the principal value of our cash assets, maintain a high degree of liquidity and deliver competitive returns subject to prevailing market conditions. cash balances are invested in short-term deposits with highly rated financial institutions and in u.s. government securities.
readily marketable inventories ("rmi")-rmi are agricultural commodity inventories, such as soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. total rmi reported at fair value were $3,934 million and $4,532 million at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively (see note 5 - inventories, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k).
financing arrangements and outstanding indebtedness-we conduct most of our financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provides the company efficient access to debt and capital markets. this structure includes a master trust, the primary assets of which consist of intercompany loans made to bunge limited and its subsidiaries. certain of bunge limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, bunge limited finance corp., bunge finance europe b.v. and bunge asset funding corp., fund the master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by bunge limited.
revolving credit facilities-at december 31, 2019, we had $4,315 million of aggregate committed borrowing capacity under our commercial paper program and various revolving bilateral and syndicated credit facilities, of which $4,315 million was unused and available. the following table summarizes these facilities as of the periods presented:
total committedcapacity   borrowingsoutstanding commercial paper program and revolving credit facilities         maturities             december 31, 2019   december 31, 2019             december 31, 2018
commercial paper                                           2023                            $600             $-                            $-
long-term revolving credit facilities (1)                       2022 - 2023               3,715             -                       500
total                                                                                    $4,315             $-                            $500
(1)   borrowings under the revolving credit facilities that have maturities greater than one year from the date of the consolidated balance sheets are classified as long-term debt, consistent with the long-term maturity of the underlying facilities. however, individual borrowings under the revolving credit facilities are generally short-term in nature, bear interest at variable rates and can be repaid or renewed as each such individual borrowing matures.
on december 16, 2019, we entered into an amendment and restatement agreement (the "amendment and restatement agreement") which amends and extends our unsecured $1.75 billion revolving credit facility we entered into on december 12, 2017 (as amended by the amendment and restatement agreement, the "revolving credit facility"), adding a sustainability-linked mechanism to the facility. through the sustainability-linked mechanism, the interest rate under the revolving credit facility is tied to five sustainability performance targets that highlight and measure the continued advancement of our sustainability initiatives across the following three areas: 1) reducing greenhouse gas emissions by improving industrial efficiency; 2) increasing traceability for main agricultural commodities; and 3) supporting increasing levels of adoption of sustainable practices across the wider soybean and palm supply chain. we may from time to time, with the consent of the agent, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments in an amount not to exceed $250 million pursuant to an accordion provision set forth in the revolving credit facility. pursuant to the amendment and restatement agreement, the revolving credit facility will mature on december 12, 2022. borrowings under the revolving credit facility will bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 0.30% to 1.30%, based on the senior long-term unsecured debt ratings provided by moody's investors services inc. and s&p global ratings. amounts under the revolving credit facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly in arrears at a rate of 35% of the margin specified above, which will vary based on the rating level at each such quarterly payment date. we also will pay a fee that will vary from 0.10% to 0.40% based on our utilization of the revolving credit facility. we had no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2019, under the revolving credit facility.
38
we had no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2019 under our unsecured $1,100 million five-year syndicated revolving credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with certain lenders party thereto maturing december 14, 2023. we have the option to request an extension of the maturity date of the credit agreement for two additional one-year periods, subject to the consent of the lenders. borrowings under the credit agreement will bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.625%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt ("rating level"). amounts under the credit agreement that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee at rates ranging from 0.09% to 0.225%, varying based on the rating level. we may, from time to time, request one or more of the existing lenders or new lenders to increase the total commitments under the credit agreement by up to $200 million pursuant to an accordion provision.
we had no borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2019 under our unsecured $865 million revolving credit facility, maturing september 6, 2022 (the "2022 facility"). borrowings under the 2022 facility bear interest at libor plus a margin, which will vary from 1.00% to 1.75% per annum, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt. amounts under the 2022 facility that remain undrawn are subject to a commitment fee payable quarterly based on the average undrawn portion of the 2022 facility at rates ranging from 0.125% to 0.275%, based on the credit ratings of our senior long-term unsecured debt.
our commercial paper program is supported by committed back-up bank credit lines (the ''liquidity facility'') equal to the amount of the commercial paper program provided by lending institutions that are required to be rated at least a-1 by standard & poor's and p-1 by moody's investor services. the cost of borrowing under the liquidity facility would typically be higher than the cost of issuance under our commercial paper program. at december 31, 2019, no borrowings were outstanding under the commercial paper program and no borrowings were outstanding under the liquidity facility. the liquidity facility is our only revolving credit facility that requires lenders to maintain minimum credit ratings.
in november 2019, the $700 million, 5-year revolving credit facility, maturing on may 1, 2023 was converted into a term loan and then subsequently transferred to the recently formed joint venture, bp bunge bioenergia, on a non-recourse basis.
in addition to committed credit facilities, from time to time, through our financing subsidiaries, we enter into bilateral short-term credit lines as necessary based on our financing requirements. at december 31, 2019 there were no borrowings outstanding under these bilateral short-term credit lines.
short and long-term debt-our short and long-term debt decreased by $378 million at december 31, 2019 from december 31, 2018, primarily due to decreased working capital requirements at the end of the year. for the year ended december 31, 2019, our average short and long-term debt outstanding was approximately $6,142 million compared to approximately $6,929 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. our long-term debt outstanding balance was $4,223 million at december 31, 2019 compared to $4,622 million at december 31, 2018. the following table summarizes our short-term debt activity at december 31, 2019.
(us$ in millions)   outstandingbalance atdecember 31,2019               weightedaverageinterestrate at december 31,2019 (1)             highestbalanceoutstandingduring2019 (1)            averagebalanceduring2019 (1)          weightedaverageinterestrateduring2019 (1)
bank borrowings     $771                                                                  13.83   %                                                      $1,579                                      $1,140                                    7.58                      %
commercial paper    -                                                                         -                               600                                                 413                                                          2.67                      %
total               $771                                                                  13.83   %                                                                                                  $1,553                                    6.28                      %
(1)   includes $348 million of local currency borrowings in certain central and eastern european, south american, and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 27.16% as of december 31, 2019.
39
the following table summarizes our short and long-term debt:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                    2019                2018
short-term debt: (1)
short-term debt (2)                                                              $771                $750
current portion of long-term debt                                                 507                 419
total short-term debt                                                           1,278               1,169
long-term debt:
revolving credit facility expiring 2022 (4)                                         -                 500
term loan due 2019 - fixed yen interest rate of 0.96% (tranche b)                   -                  54
term loan due 2024 - three-month yen libor plus 0.75% (tranche a) (5)             281                 258
term loan due 2024 - three-month libor plus 1.30% (tranche b) (5)                  89                  85
3.50% senior notes due 2020                                                       499                 498
3.00% senior notes due 2022                                                       398                 397
1.85% senior notes due 2023 - euro                                                899                 916
4.35% senior notes due 2024                                                       596                 595
3.25% senior notes due 2026                                                       696                 695
3.75% senior notes due 2027                                                       595                 594
other                                                                             170                  30
subtotal                                                                        4,223               4,622
less: current portion of long-term debt                                          (507   )            (419   )
total long-term debt (3)                                                        3,716               4,203
total debt                                                                     $4,994              $5,372
(1)   includes secured debt of $1 million and $9 million at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively.
(2)   includes $348 million and $136 million of local currency borrowings in certain central and eastern european, south american, and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 27.16% and 23.61% as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively.
(3)   includes secured debt of $15 million and $17 million at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively.
(4)   on december 16, 2019, bunge extended the existing three-year revolving credit facility totaling $1,750 million, scheduled to mature on december 12, 2020, for two additional years, to december 12, 2022.
(5)   on july 1, 2019, bunge refinanced its unsecured japanese yen 28.5 billion and $85 million term loan agreement, dated as of december 12, 2014, which extends the maturity date to july 1, 2024.
credit ratings-bunge's debt ratings and outlook by major credit rating agencies at december 31, 2019 were as follows:
short-termdebt(1)   long-termdebt   outlook standard &amp; poor's   a-1                 bbb             negative moody's                 p-1                 baa3            stable fitch                   f1                  bbb-            stable
(1)   short-term rating applies only to bunge asset funding corp., the issuer under our commercial paper program.
our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt. however, credit rating downgrades would increase our borrowing costs under our credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. a significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
40
our credit facilities and certain senior notes require us to comply with specified financial covenants, including minimum net worth, minimum current ratio, a maximum debt to capitalization ratio, and limitations on secured indebtedness. we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2019.
trade receivable securitization program-we initially entered into our trade receivable securitization program (the "program") in june 2011, which provides us with an additional source of liquidity. on may 26, 2016, bunge and certain of its subsidiaries renewed and amended the $700 million program, which terminates on may 26, 2021. each committed purchaser's commitment to fund trade receivables sold under the program would have terminated on may 26, 2019 unless extended in accordance with the terms of the receivables transfer agreement. on february 19, 2019, we exercised a portion of the $300 million accordion feature under this program to increase the aggregate size of the facility by $100 million to an aggregate of $800 million and extended the committed purchasers' commitment to fund trade receivables under the program until may 26, 2020.
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                            2019   2018
receivables sold which were derecognized from bunge's balance sheet      $801              $826
deferred purchase price included in other current assets                 $105              $128
the table below summarizes the cash flows and discounts of our trade receivables associated with the program. servicing fees under the program were not significant in any period.
years ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                            2019   2018                  2017
gross receivables sold                                               $10,120                $9,803               $10,022
proceeds received in cash related to transfer of receivables          $9,868                $9,484                $9,734
cash collections from customers on receivables previously sold        $8,434                $9,173                $9,659
discounts related to gross receivables sold included in sg&amp;a         $15                   $14                    $9
non-cash activity for the program in the reporting period is represented by the difference between gross receivables sold and cash collections from customers on receivables previously sold.
our risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables is limited to the deferred purchase price receivable (the "dpp"), which at december 31, 2019 and 2018 had a fair value of $105 million and $128 million, respectively, and is included in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets (see note 19 - trade receivables securitization program, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k). the dpp will be repaid in cash as receivables are collected, generally within 30 days. delinquencies and credit losses on trade receivables sold under the program during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were insignificant.
interest rate swap agreements-we may use interest rate swaps as hedging instruments and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in the fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates.
41
equity-total equity is set forth in the following table:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                  2019                2018
convertible perpetual preference shares                        $690                $690
common shares                                                     1                   1
additional paid-in capital                                    5,329               5,278
retained earnings                                             6,437               8,059
accumulated other comprehensive income                       (5,624   )          (6,935   )
treasury shares, at cost (2019 and 2018-12,882,313)            (920   )            (920   )
total bunge shareholders' equity                              5,913               6,173
noncontrolling interests                                        117                 205
total equity                                                 $6,030              $6,378
total bunge shareholders' equity was $5,913 million at december 31, 2019 compared to $6,173 million at december 31, 2018. the decrease in bunge shareholders' equity during the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily due to $283 million and $34 million of declared dividends to common and preferred shareholders, respectively, and net loss attributable to bunge of $1,280 million, partially offset by the release of $1,493 million of cumulative translation losses that were reclassified to earnings in connection with the sale of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations.
noncontrolling interest decreased to $117 million at december 31, 2019 from $205 million at december 31, 2018 primarily due to dividends paid and returns of capital to non-controlling interest holders, as well as from an agreement for bunge to purchase certain noncontrolling interests from the holder, partially offset by income attributable to our noncontrolling interest entities.
at december 31, 2019, we had 6,899,683 4.875% cumulative convertible perpetual preference shares outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of $690 million. each convertible perpetual preference share has an initial liquidation preference of $100, which will be adjusted for any accumulated and unpaid dividends. the convertible perpetual preference shares carry an annual dividend of $4.875 per share payable quarterly. as a result of adjustments made to the initial conversion price because cash dividends paid on bunge limited's common shares exceeded certain specified thresholds, each convertible perpetual preference share is convertible, at the holder's option, at any time into 1.2224 bunge limited common shares, based on the conversion price of $81.8087 per share, subject to certain additional anti-dilution adjustments (which represents 8,434,172 bunge limited common shares at december 31, 2019). at any time, if the closing price of our common shares equals or exceeds 130% of the conversion price for 20 trading days during any consecutive 30 trading days (including the last trading day of such period), we may elect to cause the convertible perpetual preference shares to be automatically converted into bunge limited common shares at the then-prevailing conversion price. the convertible perpetual preference shares are not redeemable by us at any time.
cash flows our cash flows from operations vary depending on, among other items, the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. generally, during periods when commodity prices are rising, our agribusiness operations require increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to the purchase and sale of our inventories.
2019 compared to 2018-in 2019, our cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash decreased by $71 million, compared to a decrease of $212 million in 2018.
cash used for operating activities was $808 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to cash used for operating activities of $1,264 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. net cash outflows from operating activities was lower for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily due to the lower use of cash associated with beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, partially offset by higher working capital requirements, when compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. cash provided by (used for) operating activities for all periods presented reflects the adoption of asu 2016-15, statement of cash flows (topic 230), classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments (a consensus of the emerging issues task force), which changed the presentation of cash flows in relation to our trade receivables securitization program. particularly impacted are the cash receipts from payments on the deferred purchase price, which are now classified as cash inflows from investing activities, whereas previously they were classified as inflows from operating activities.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollar. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. also, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the u.s. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. local currency loans in u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the u.s. are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, we recorded foreign currency losses of $139 million and $139 million, respectively, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required as these losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
cash provided by investing activities was $1,503 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to $410 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. during 2019, payments were made for capital expenditures of $524 million, primarily related to the replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in brazil, which were subsequently transferred to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture in december 2019, as well as other capital projects at various facilities. in addition, payments were made for investments of $393 million, primarily related to deposits in south america and promissory notes related to financial services, which were more than offset by proceeds from such investments and the sale of equity securities associated with an investment subsequent to its initial public offering of $449 million. cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1,312 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables and $729 million from the divestiture of businesses and disposals of property, plant, and equipment. during 2018, payments were made for capital expenditures of $493 million, primarily related to replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in brazil, which were subsequently transferred to the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture in december 2019, and the upgrade of our crush facility in italy, as well as other capital projects at various facilities. in addition, we acquired loders for $908 million, net of cash acquired, and minsa usa for $73 million, net of cash acquired. further, payments were made for investments of $1,184 million, primarily related to deposits, treasuries and bonds in south america related to financial services, which were substantially offset by proceeds from such investments of $1,098 million. cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1,888 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, as well as cash inflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $66 million in the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily driven by the depreciation of the brazilian real relative to the u.s. dollar in 2018.
cash used for financing activities was $771 million in the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to cash provided by financing activities of $631 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the net decrease of $438 million in borrowings in 2019 was primarily related to lower working capital needs as well as lower overall debt needs following the transfer of our industrial sugar business in brazil to the bp bioenergia joint venture. in addition, we paid dividends of $317 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares. the net increase of $956 million in borrowings in 2018 was primarily related to the funding of acquisitions, financing capital expenditures and funding working capital needs. in 2018, dividends paid to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares were $305 million.
2018 compared to 2017-in 2018, our cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash decreased by $212 million, compared to a decrease of $333 million in 2017.
cash used for operating activities was $1,264 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to cash used for operating activities of $1,975 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. net cash outflows from operating activities was lower for the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily due to the lower use of cash associated with beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables and higher net income during 2018, partially offset by the increased working capital requirements compared to the year ended december 31, 2017.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollar. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. also, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the u.s. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. local currency loans in u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the u.s. are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains or losses. for the years ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, we recorded foreign currency losses of $139 million and $21 million, respectively, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used for operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required as these gains or losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
cash provided by investing activities was $410 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to cash provided by investing activities of $1,819 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. during 2018, payments were made for capital expenditures of $493 million, primarily related to replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business in brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in italy, as well as other capital projects at various facilities. in addition, we acquired loders for $908 million, net of cash acquired, and minsa usa for $73 million, net of cash acquired. further, payments were made for investments of $1,184 million, primarily related to deposits, treasuries and bonds in south america related to financial services, which were substantially offset by proceeds from such investments of $1,098 million. cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $1,888 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables (due to the change in accounting described above), as well as cash inflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $66 million in the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily driven by the depreciation of the brazilian real relative to the u.s. dollar in 2018. during 2017, payments were made for capital expenditures of $662 million, primarily related to the upgrade and expansion of an export terminal in the u.s., replanting of sugarcane for our industrial sugar business, the expansion of a crushing facility in brazil and the upgrade of our crush facility in italy. in addition, we acquired two oilseed processing plants in the netherlands and france for $318 million, an edible oils business in argentina for $26 million and an olive oil and seed oil producer in turkey for $23 million, net of cash acquired. additionally, we had cash outflows related to settlements of net investment hedges of $20 million, primarily driven by the appreciation of the brazilian real relative to the us dollar in 2017, and payments for investments in affiliates relating to our g3, sb oils and tapajos joint ventures, as well as the acquisition of a non-controlling stake in agricola alvorada, a brazilian agribusiness company during 2017. proceeds from and payments for investments included primarily purchases and sales of short-term investments. cash provided by investing activities was primarily associated with proceeds of $2,981 million from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables.
cash provided by financing activities was $631 million in the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to cash used for financing activities of $180 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the net increase of $956 million in borrowings in 2018 was primarily related to the funding of acquisitions, financing capital expenditures and funding working capital needs. in addition, we paid dividends of $305 million to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares. in 2017, dividends paid to our common shareholders and holders of our convertible preference shares were $281 million.
brazilian farmer credit background-we advance collateralized funds to counterparties (farmers and crop resellers), primarily to secure the origination of soybeans for our soybean processing facilities in brazil. these activities are generally intended to be short-term in nature. the ability of our counterparties to repay these amounts is affected by agricultural economic conditions in the relevant geography, which are, in turn, affected by commodity prices, currency exchange rates, crop input costs and crop quality and yields. as a result, these arrangements are typically secured, including by a farmer's crop and, in many cases, land and other assets. in the event of counterparty default, we generally initiate legal proceedings to recover the defaulted amounts. however, the legal recovery process through the judicial system is a long-term process, generally spanning a number of years. additionally, we may seek to renegotiate certain terms of our contract with the defaulting supplier in order to accelerate the recovery of amounts owed.
because brazilian farmer credit exposures are denominated in local currency, reported values are impacted by movements in the value of the brazilian real when translated into u.s. dollars. from december 31, 2018 to december 31, 2019, the brazilian real depreciated by approximately 4%, decreasing the reported farmer credit exposure balances when translated into u.s. dollars.
we periodically evaluate the collectability of our farmer receivables and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. we base our determination of the allowance on analyses of the credit quality of individual accounts, also considering the economic and financial condition of the farming industry and other market conditions, as well as the value of any collateral related to amounts owed. we continuously review defaulted farmer receivables for impairment on an individual account basis. we consider all accounts in legal collections processes to be defaulted and past due. for such accounts, we determine the allowance for uncollectible amounts based on the fair value of the associated collateral, net of estimated costs to sell. for all renegotiated accounts (current and past due), we consider changes in farm economic conditions and other market conditions, our historical experience related to renegotiated accounts, and the fair value of collateral in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts.
secured advances to suppliers and prepaid commodity contracts-we purchase soybeans through prepaid commodity purchase contracts (advance cash payments to suppliers against contractual obligations to deliver specified quantities of soybeans in the future) and secured advances to suppliers (advances to suppliers against commitments to deliver soybeans in the future), primarily in brazil. these financing arrangements are typically secured by the farmer's future crop and mortgages on the farmer's land, buildings and equipment, and are generally settled after the farmer's crop is harvested and sold.
interest earned on secured advances to suppliers of $26 million, $30 million and $44 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, is included in net sales in the consolidated statements of income.
the table below shows details of prepaid commodity contracts and secured advances to suppliers outstanding at our brazilian operations as of the dates indicated. see note 6 - other current assets and note 12 - other non-current assets, to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k for more information.
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                          2019              2018
prepaid commodity contracts                                             $98              $199
secured advances to suppliers (current)                                 336               248
total (current)                                                         434               447
commodities not yet priced(1)                                            (9   )            (6   )
net                                                                     425               441
secured advances to suppliers (non-current)                             134               162
total (current and non-current)                                         559               603
allowance for uncollectible amounts (current and non-current)          $(65   )          $(70   )
(1)   commodities delivered by suppliers that are yet to be priced are reflected at prevailing market prices at december 31, 2019 and 2018.
capital expenditures our cash payments made for capital expenditures were $524 million, $493 million and $662 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. we intend to make capital expenditures of approximately $450 million in 2020. the forecasted decrease compared to prior years is primarily due to the sale of our brazilian sugar and bioenergy operations, as we will no longer have expenditures for sugar planting and associated maintenance. our priorities for 2020 capital expenditures are to maintain the cash generating capacity of our assets through maintenance, compliance, and safety initiatives, as well as certain productivity and growth projects. we intend to fund these capital expenditures primarily with cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees we have issued or were party to the following guarantees at december 31, 2019:
(us$ in millions)                                    maximum potentialfuture payments unconsolidated affiliates guarantee (1)(2)                          $300
residual value guarantee (3)                 254
total                                                               $554
(1)   we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions related to debt of certain of our unconsolidated affiliates. the terms of the guarantees are equal to the terms of the related financings which have maturity dates through 2034. there are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. in addition, one of our subsidiaries has guaranteed the obligations of two of its affiliates and in connection therewith has secured its guarantee obligations through a pledge of one of its affiliate's shares plus loans receivable from the affiliate to the financial institutions in the event that the guaranteed obligations are enforced. based on the
45
amounts drawn under such debt facilities at december 31, 2019, our potential liability was $168 million and we have recorded a $16 million obligation related to these guarantees.
(2)   we have issued guarantees to certain third parties related to the performance of our unconsolidated affiliates. the terms of the guarantees are equal to the completion date of a port terminal which is expected to be completed in 2020. there are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. at december 31, 2019, our maximum potential future payments under these performance guarantees was $46 million, and no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees.
(3)   we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions which are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars and barges. these guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at conclusion of the lease term. these leases expire at various dates from 2020 through 2026. at december 31, 2019, no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees. any obligation recorded would be recognized in current operating lease obligations or non-current operating lease obligations (see note 27, leases, to our consolidated financial statements).
we have provided a guaranty to the director of the illinois department of agriculture as trustee for bunge north america, inc. ("bna"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, which guarantees all amounts due and owing by bna, to grain producers and/or depositors in the state of illinois who have delivered commodities to bna's illinois facilities.
in addition, we have provided full and unconditional parent level guarantees of the outstanding indebtedness under certain credit facilities entered into, and senior notes issued by, our subsidiaries. at december 31, 2019, our consolidated balance sheet includes debt with a carrying amount of $4,688 million related to these guarantees. this debt includes the senior notes issued by two of our 100% owned finance subsidiaries, bunge limited finance corp. and bunge finance europe b.v. there are largely no restrictions on the ability of bunge limited finance corp. and bunge finance europe b.v. or any other bunge subsidiary to transfer funds to bunge limited.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at december 31, 2019, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.
payments due by period
(us$ in millions)                                     total                2020           2021 - 2022           2023 - 2024            2025 and thereafter short-term debt                                    $771                $771                  $-                    $-                          $-
long-term debt(1)                                 4,204                 512                 518                 1,871                       1,303
variable interest rate obligations                   25                   6                  11                     8                           -
interest obligations on fixed rate debt             550                 124                 198                   130                          98
non-cancelable lease obligations(2)                 859                 243                 345                   163                         108
capital commitments                                  39                  39                   -                     -                           -
freight supply agreements(3)                        190                  84                  53                    53                           -
inventory purchase commitments                      705                 691                  14                     -                           -
power supply purchase commitments                    42                  27                   7                     6                           2
other commitments and obligations(4)                 89                  37                  42                     6                           4
total contractual cash obligations(5)            $7,474              $2,534              $1,188                $2,237                      $1,515
(1)   excludes components of long-term debt attributable to fair value hedge accounting of $37 million and deferred financing fees and unamortized premiums of $18 million.
(2)   represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $34 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases.
(3)   represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. the ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. the railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. the costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. however, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities.
(4)   represents other purchase commitments and obligations, such as take-or-pay contracts, throughput contracts, and debt commitment fees.
(5)   does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. as of december 31, 2019, bunge had tax liabilities of $53 million, including interest and penalties. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. see note 14 - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans we expect to contribute $19 million to our defined benefit pension plans and $5 million to our postretirement benefit plans in 2020.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 - nature of business, basis of presentation, and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k. as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. the company believes that the following discussion addresses the company's most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
inventories and derivatives our rmi, forward rmi purchase and sale contracts, and exchange traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. rmi are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs. we estimate fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets. certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. the significant unobservable inputs for rmi and physically settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimations regarding costs of transportation and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight related adjustments in the interior of brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in canada. in both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums and discounts in our contracts. changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of cost of goods sold. if we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and cost of goods sold could differ. additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories, unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and cost of goods sold could differ.
allowances for uncollectible accounts accounts receivable and secured advances to suppliers are stated at historical carrying amounts net of write-offs and allowances for uncollectible accounts. we establish an allowance for uncollectible trade accounts receivable and secured advances to farmers based on historical experience, farming, economic and other market conditions, as well as specific customer collection issues. uncollectible accounts are written off when a settlement is reached for an amount that is less than the outstanding historical balance or when we have determined that collection of the balance is unlikely.
we follow the accounting guidance on the disclosure of the credit quality of financing receivables and the allowance for credit losses which requires information to be disclosed at disaggregated levels, defined as portfolio segments and classes. based upon an analysis of credit losses and risk factors to be considered in determining the allowance for credit losses, we have determined that the long-term receivables from farmers in brazil are a single portfolio segment.
we evaluate this single portfolio segment by class of receivables, which is defined as a level of information (below a portfolio segment) in which the receivables have the same initial measurement attribute and a similar method for assessing and monitoring risk. we have identified accounts in legal collection processes and renegotiated amounts as classes of long-term receivables from farmers. valuation allowances for accounts in legal collection processes are determined by us on individual accounts based on the fair value of the collateral provided as security for the secured advance or credit sale. the fair value is determined using a combination of internal and external resources, including published information concerning brazilian land values by region. to determine the valuation allowances for renegotiated amounts, we consider our historical experience with the individual farmers, current weather and crop conditions, as well as the fair value of non-crop collateral.
for both classes, a long-term receivable from farmers in brazil is considered impaired, based on current information and events, if we determine it to be probable that all amounts due under the original terms of the receivable will not be collected. recognition of interest income on secured advances to farmers is suspended once the farmer defaults on the originally scheduled delivery of agricultural commodities as the collection of future income is determined not to be probable. no additional interest income is accrued from the point of default until ultimate recovery, where amounts collected are credited first against the receivable and then to any unrecognized interest income.
goodwill when we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, and the discount rates applied to the cash flows. determining the useful life of an asset also requires significant judgement.
our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. we perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. if events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. in testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) verify there are no changes to our reporting units with goodwill balances; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management's strategic business plans. changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in further goodwill impairment charges. we believe that the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment.
during the fourth quarter of 2019, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined that the estimated fair values of our goodwill reporting units, except our loders reporting unit, were substantially in excess of each of their carrying values. see note 8, goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements, for additional information relating to a goodwill impairment charge of $108 million recorded in 2019 related to our loders reporting unit.
property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. if it appears that the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss as a charge against results of operations. our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. as we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to realize material impairment charges. we recorded impairment charges of $180 million for property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets during the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily related to portfolio rationalization initiatives.
contingencies we are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in brazil and non-income tax claims in argentina, and have accrued our estimates of the probable costs to resolve these claims. these estimates have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. for more information on tax and labor claims in brazil, see "item 3. legal proceedings"
income taxes we record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. we consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation allowances. if we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense.
we apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. the calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $53 million and $120 million, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. for additional information on income taxes, please refer to note 14 - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
recoverable taxes we evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services and other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in brazil. management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. the balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payments by the applicable government agencies and the offset of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments, where permissible. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, the allowance for recoverable taxes was $78 million and $37 million, respectively. we continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1-nature of business, basis of presentation, and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
