item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k or incorporated by reference herein. based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the following information identifies the material risk factors affecting our company. however, additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
consolidation in the financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and could make us increasingly dependent on a more limited number of clients.
mergers or consolidations of financial institutions could reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other firms that are not our clients, or firms that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our services. in addition, it is possible that the larger financial institutions resulting from mergers or consolidations could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
a large percentage of our revenues are derived from a small number of clients in the financial services industry.
in fiscal year 2019, we derived approximately 22% of our consolidated revenues from our five largest clients and approximately 55% of the revenues of our global technology and operations segment from the 15 largest clients in that segment. our largest single client accounted for approximately 6% of our consolidated revenues in fiscal year 2019. while these clients generally work with multiple business segments, the loss of business from any of these clients due to merger or consolidation, financial difficulties or bankruptcy, or the termination or non-renewal of contracts could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. also, in the event a client experiences financial difficulties or bankruptcy resulting in a reduction in their demand for our services or loss of the client's business, in addition to losing the revenue from that client, the company would be required to write-off any investments made by the company in connection with that client, including costs incurred to set up or convert a client's systems to function with our technology. such costs for all clients represented approximately 7% of the company's total assets as of june 30, 2019.
under a number of our contracts, our clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us and to consider whether to renew their contracts or engage one of our competitors to provide services. if we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates with favorable terms, particularly with these clients, our revenues from such renewals and the associated earnings could be negatively impacted.
security breaches or cybersecurity attacks could adversely affect our ability to operate, could result in personal, confidential or proprietary information being misappropriated, and may cause us to be held liable or suffer harm to our reputation.
we process and transfer sensitive data, including personal information, valuable intellectual property and other proprietary or confidential data provided to us by our clients, which include financial institutions, public companies, mutual funds, and healthcare providers. we also handle personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. we maintain systems and procedures including encryption, authentication technology, data loss prevention technology, entitlement management, access control and anti-malware software, and transmission of data over private networks to protect against unauthorized access to physical and electronic information, including by cyber-attacks.
in certain circumstances, our third-party vendors may have access to sensitive data including personal information. it is also possible that a third-party vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose sensitive data including personal information. we require our third-party vendors to have appropriate security controls if they have access to the personal information of our clients' customers. however, despite those safeguards, it is possible that unauthorized individuals could improperly access our systems or those of our vendors, or improperly obtain or disclose the sensitive data including personal information that we or our vendors process or handle.
many of our services are provided through the internet which increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity attacks. we have experienced cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure and have experienced non-material cyber-attacks, attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents. future threats could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our ability to provide reliable service, as well as negatively impact our results of operations materially. our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting from such events.
any security breach resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of certain personal information could put individuals at risk of identity theft and financial or other harm and result in costs to the company in investigation, remediation, legal defense and in liability to parties who are financially harmed. we may incur significant costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches. for example, laws may require notification to regulators, clients or employees and enlisting credit monitoring or identity theft protection in the event of a privacy breach. a cybersecurity attack could also be directed at our systems and result in interruptions in our operations or delivery of services to our clients and their customers. furthermore, a material security breach could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or cause damage to our reputation.
our clients are subject to complex laws and regulations, and new laws or regulations and/or changes to existing laws or regulations could impact our clients and, in turn, adversely impact our business or may reduce our profitability.
we provide technology solutions to financial services firms that are generally subject to extensive regulation in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions. as a provider of services to financial institutions and issuers of securities, our services are provided in a manner designed to assist our clients in complying with the laws and regulations to which they are subject. therefore, our services, such as our proxy and shareholder report distribution and processing and customer communications services, are particularly sensitive to changes in laws and regulations governing the financial services industry and the securities markets.
our services and the fees we charge our clients for certain services are subject to change if applicable sec or exchange laws or regulations are amended, or new laws or regulations are adopted, which could result in a negative impact on our business and financial results.
in addition, new regulations governing our clients could result in significant expenditures that could cause them to reduce their use of our services, seek to renegotiate existing agreements, or cease or curtail their operations, all of which could adversely impact our business. further, an adverse regulatory action that changes a client's business or adversely affects its financial condition, could decrease their ability to purchase, or their demand for, our products and services. the loss of business from our larger clients could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we do not comply with legal and regulatory requirements that apply to our services or businesses, and new laws or regulations and/or changes to existing laws or regulations to which we are subject may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or may reduce our profitability.
the legislative and regulatory environment of the financial services industry is continuously changing. the sec, finra, various stock exchanges, and other u.s. and foreign governmental or regulatory authorities continuously review legislative and regulatory initiatives and may adopt new or revised laws and regulations. these legislative and regulatory initiatives may adversely affect the way in which we conduct our business and may make our business less profitable. also, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by those entities may adversely affect our business.
as a provider of technology services to financial institutions, certain aspects of our u.s. operations are subject to regulatory oversight and examination by the ffiec. periodic examinations by the ffiec generally include areas such as data privacy, disaster recovery, information security, and third-party vendor management to identify potential risks related to our services that could adversely affect our banking and financial services clients. a sufficiently unfavorable review from the ffiec could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in addition, our business process outsourcing, mutual fund processing and transfer agency solutions as well as the entities providing those services are subject to regulatory oversight. our provision of these services must comply with applicable rules and regulations of the sec, finra, dol and various stock exchanges, and other regulatory bodies charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities markets and other financial markets and protecting the interests of investors participating in these markets. if we fail to comply with any applicable regulations in performing those services, we could lose our clients, be subject to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, censures and fines, our reputation could be harmed, and we could be limited in our ability to obtain new clients.
our business process outsourcing and mutual fund processing services are performed by bbpo, an sec registered broker-dealer and a member of finra. bbpo is subject to regulations concerning many aspects of its business, including trade practices, capital requirements, record retention, money laundering prevention, the protection of customer funds and customer securities, and the supervision of the conduct of directors, officers and employees. a failure to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations could result in censures, fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, or the suspension or revocation of sec or finra authorization granted to allow the operation of its business or disqualification of its directors, officers or employees. our transfer agency business is subject to sec, nyse, and other federal and state laws and regulations.
as a provider of data and business processing solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of sensitive data, including personal information, related to our clients, customers of our clients, and our employees. we are, therefore, subject to compliance obligations under federal, state and foreign privacy and information security laws, including in the u.s., the gramm-leach-bliley act and the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, and we are subject to penalties for failure to comply with such regulations. such penalties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. there has been increased public attention regarding the use of personal information, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer and personal privacy. the law in these areas continues to develop, the number of jurisdictions adopting such laws continues to increase and these laws may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. furthermore, the changing nature of privacy laws in the u.s., the european union and elsewhere could impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. for example, the european union parliament adopted the gdpr which is a comprehensive data privacy regulation that became effective in may 2018. the gdpr imposes additional obligations and risks upon our businesses, including the risk of substantially increased penalties for non-compliance. while we believe that broadridge is compliant with its regulatory responsibilities, information security threats continue to evolve resulting in increased risk and exposure and increased costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches.
our ability to comply with regulations depends largely upon the maintenance of an effective compliance system which can be time consuming and costly, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance personnel.
our revenues may decrease due to declines in the levels of participation and activity in the securities markets.
we generate significant revenues from the transaction processing fees we earn from our services. these revenue sources are substantially dependent on the levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. the number of unique securities positions held by investors through our clients and our clients' customer trading volumes reflect the levels of participation and activity in the markets, which are impacted by market prices, and the liquidity of the securities markets, among other factors. volatility in the securities markets and sudden sharp or gradual but sustained declines in market participation and activity can result in reduced investor communications activity, including reduced proxy and event-driven communications processing such as mutual fund proxy, mergers and acquisitions and other special corporate event communications processing, and reduced trading volumes. in addition, our event-driven fee revenues are based on the number of special events and corporate transactions we process. event-driven activity is impacted by financial market conditions and changes in regulatory compliance requirements, resulting in fluctuations in the timing and levels of event-driven fee revenues. as such, the timing and level of event-driven activity and its potential impact on our revenues and earnings are difficult to forecast. the occurrence of any of these events would likely result in reduced revenues and decreased profitability from our business operations.
we may be adversely impacted by a failure of third-party service providers to perform their functions.
we rely on relationships with third parties, including our service providers and other vendors for certain functions. if we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party vendors operate, our financial results or reputation could suffer. we rely on these third parties, including our data center and cloud services providers, to provide services in a timely and accurate manner and to adequately address their own cybersecurity risks. failure by these third parties to adequately perform their services as expected could result in material interruptions in our operations, and negatively impact our services resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
certain of the company's businesses rely on a single or a limited number of service providers or vendors. changes in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of these service providers or vendors could impact their provision of services to us or they may no longer be able to provide services to us at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. in such circumstances, we cannot be certain that we will be able to replace our key third-party vendors in a timely manner or on terms commercially reasonable to us given, among other reasons, the scope of responsibilities undertaken by some of our providers, the depth of their experience and their familiarity with our operations generally.
if we change a significant vendor, an existing provider makes significant changes to the way it conducts its operations, or is acquired, or we seek to bring in-house certain services performed today by third parties, we may experience unexpected disruptions in the provision of our solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
furthermore, certain third-party services providers or vendors may have access to sensitive data including personal information, valuable intellectual property and other proprietary or confidential data provided to us by our clients. it is possible that a third-party vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose sensitive data including personal information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results and damage our reputation.
we rely on the united states postal service ("usps") and other third-party carriers to deliver communications and changes in our relationships with these carriers or an increase in postal rates or shipping costs may adversely impact demand for our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we rely upon the usps and third-party carriers, including ups, for timely delivery of communications on behalf of our clients. as a result, we are subject to carrier disruptions due to factors that are beyond our control, including employee strikes, inclement weather and increased fuel costs. any failure to deliver communications to our clients in a timely and accurate manner may damage our reputation and brand and could cause us to lose clients. in addition, the usps has incurred significant financial losses in recent years and may, as a result, implement significant changes to the breadth or frequency of its mail delivery. if our relationship with any of these third-party carriers is terminated or impaired, or if any of these third parties are unable to distribute communications, we would be required to use alternative, and possibly more expensive, carriers to complete our distributions on behalf of our clients. we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, if at all, which could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, future increases in postal rates or shipping costs, as well as changes in customer preferences, may result in decreased demand for our traditional printed and mailed communications resulting in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the event of a disaster, our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and adversely interrupt operations.
our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe, natural disaster, or severe weather including events resulting from unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events and we test our plans regularly. in addition, our data center services provider also has disaster recovery plans and procedures in place. however, we cannot be certain that our plans, or those of our data center services provider, will be successful in the event of a disaster. if our disaster recovery or business continuity plans are unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. in addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
any slowdown or failure of our computer or communications systems could impact our ability to provide services to our clients and support our internal operations and could subject us to liability for losses suffered by our clients or their customers.
our services depend on our ability to store, retrieve, process, and manage significant databases, and to receive and process transactions and investor communications through a variety of electronic systems. our systems, those of our data center and cloud services providers, or any other systems with which our systems interact could slow down significantly or fail for a variety of reasons, including:
•   computer viruses or undetected errors in internal software programs or computer systems;
•   direct or indirect hacking or denial of service cybersecurity attacks;
•   inability to rapidly monitor all system activity;
•   inability to effectively resolve any errors in internal software programs or computer systems once they are detected;
•   heavy stress placed on systems during peak times; or
•   power or telecommunications failure, fire, flood or any other disaster.
while we monitor system loads and performance and implement system upgrades to handle predicted increases in trading volume and volatility, we may not be able to predict future volume increases or volatility accurately or that our systems and those of our data center services and cloud services providers will be able to accommodate these volume increases or volatility without failure or degradation. in addition, we may not be able to prevent cybersecurity attacks on our systems. moreover, because we have outsourced our data center operations and use third-party cloud services for storage of certain data, the operation, performance and security functions of the data center and the cloud system involve factors beyond our control. any significant degradation or failure of our computer systems, communications systems or any other systems in the performance of our services could cause our clients or their customers to suffer delays in their receipt of our services. these delays could cause substantial losses for our clients or their customers, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. in addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
operational errors in the performance of our services could lead to liability for claims, client loss and result in reputational damage.
the failure to properly perform our services could result in our clients and/or certain of our subsidiaries that operate regulated businesses being subjected to losses including censures, fines, or other sanctions by applicable regulatory authorities, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those errors. in addition, such errors could cause us to incur expenses, lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
general economic and political conditions and broad trends in business and finance that are beyond our control may contribute to reduced levels of activity in the securities markets, which could result in lower revenues from our business operations.
the number of unique securities positions held by investors through our clients, the level of investor communications activity we process on behalf of our clients, trading volumes, market prices, and liquidity of the securities markets are affected by general national and international economic and political conditions, and broad trends in business and finance that result in changes in participation and activity in the securities markets. these factors include:
•   economic, political and market conditions;
•   legislative and regulatory changes;
•   the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital;
•   the level and volatility of interest rates;
•   currency values and inflation; and
•   national, state, and local taxation levels affecting securities transactions.
these factors are beyond our control and may contribute to reduced levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. our revenues have historically been largely driven by transaction processing based on levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. accordingly, any significant reduction in participation and activity in the securities markets would likely result in lower revenues from our business operations.
if the operational systems and infrastructure that we depend on fail to keep pace with our growth, we may experience operating inefficiencies, client dissatisfaction and lost revenue opportunities.
the growth of our business and expansion of our client base may place a strain on our management and operations. we believe that our current and anticipated future growth will require the implementation of new and enhanced communications and information systems, the training of personnel to operate these systems, and the expansion and upgrade of core technologies. while many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional growth without redesign or replacement, we may nevertheless need to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate growth. in addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to predict the timing or rate of this growth accurately or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure on a timely basis.
our growth has required and will continue to require increased investments in management personnel and systems, financial systems and controls, and office facilities. we cannot assure you that we will be able to manage or continue to manage our future growth successfully. if we fail to manage our growth, we may experience operating inefficiencies, dissatisfaction among our client base, and lost revenue opportunities.
if we are unable to respond to the demands of our existing and new clients, or adapt to technological changes or advances, our business and future growth could be impacted.
the global financial services industry is characterized by increasingly complex and integrated infrastructures and products, new and changing business models and rapid technological and regulatory changes. our clients' needs and demands for our products and services evolve with these changes. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to our clients' demands for new services, capabilities and technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis. we also need to adapt to technological advancements such as digital and distributed ledger or blockchain technologies and cloud computing and keep pace with changing regulatory standards to address our clients' increasingly sophisticated requirements. transitioning to these new technologies may be disruptive to our resources and the services we provide and may increase our reliance on third-party service providers such as our cloud services provider.
in addition, we run the risk of disintermediation due to emerging technologies, including distributed ledger or blockchain technologies. if we fail to adapt or keep pace with new technologies in a timely manner, it could harm our ability to compete, decrease the value of our products and services to our clients, and harm our business and impact our future growth.
intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability.
the markets for our products and services continue to evolve and are highly competitive. we compete with a number of firms that provide similar products and services. in addition, our securities processing solutions compete with our clients' in-house capabilities to perform competitive functions. our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities, technologies, and client requirements and may be able to undertake more extensive promotional activities, offer more attractive terms to clients and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we will be able to offer or adopt. in addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies, including international providers of similar products and services to ours. there can be no assurances that we will be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors. if we fail to compete effectively, our market share could decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially harmed.
our business, financial position, and results of operations could be harmed by adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies.
if the credit ratings of our outstanding indebtedness are downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged. a downgrade would have the effect of increasing our borrowing costs and could decrease the availability of funds we are able to borrow, adversely affecting our business, financial position, and results of operations. in addition, a downgrade could adversely affect our relationships with our clients. for further information with respect to our borrowing costs, see note 12, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k.
we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel.
our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel such as our senior management and other qualified personnel including highly skilled technical employees to conduct our business. skilled and experienced personnel in the areas where we compete are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain the required key personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals or our recruiting and retention costs increase significantly, our operations and financial results could be materially adversely affected.
the inability to identify, obtain and retain important intellectual property rights to technology could harm our business.
our success depends in part upon the development, licensing, and acquisition of systems and applications to conduct our business. our success will increasingly depend in part on our ability to identify, obtain and retain intellectual property rights to technology, both for internal use as well as for use in providing services to our clients, through internal development, acquisition, licensing from others, or alliances with others. our inability to identify, obtain and retain rights to certain technology on favorable terms and conditions would make it difficult to conduct business, or to timely introduce new and innovative products and services, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our products and services, and the products and services provided to us by third parties, may infringe upon intellectual property rights of third parties, and any infringement claims could require us to incur substantial costs, distract our management, or prevent us from conducting our business.
although we attempt to avoid infringing upon known proprietary rights of third parties, we are subject to the risk of claims alleging infringement of third-party proprietary rights. if in response to a third-party infringement allegation, we were to determine that we require a license to such third-party's proprietary rights, then we may be unable to obtain such license on commercially reasonable terms. additionally, third parties that provide us with products or services that are integral to the conduct of our business may also be subject to similar infringement allegations from others, which could prevent such third parties from continuing to provide these products or services to us. in either of these events, we may need to undertake substantial reengineering of our products or services in order to continue offering them, and we may not succeed in doing so. in addition, any claim of infringement could cause us to incur substantial costs defending such claim, even if the claim is baseless, and could distract our management from our business. furthermore, a party asserting such an infringement claim could secure a judgment against us that requires us to pay substantial damages, grants such party injunctive relief, or grants other court ordered remedies that could prevent us from conducting our business.
acquisitions and integrating such acquisitions create certain risks and may affect operating results.
as part of our overall business strategy, we may make acquisitions and strategic investments in companies, technologies or products, or enter joint ventures. these transactions and the integration of acquisitions involve a number of risks. the core risks are in the areas of:
•   valuation: finding suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirors, and negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited due diligence reviews;
•   integration: managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, products, technology, and other assets, and converting their financial, information security, privacy and other systems and controls to meet our standards, so as to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition; and
•   legacy issues: protecting against actions, claims, regulatory investigations, losses, and other liabilities related to the predecessor business.
also, the process of integrating these businesses may disrupt our business and divert our resources. these risks may arise for a number of reasons including, for example:
•   finding suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms;
•   competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirors;
•   incurring unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with such acquisitions;
•   devoting unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business;
•   borrowing money from lenders or selling equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions on terms that may be adverse to us;
•   loss of clients of the acquired business;
•   entering markets where we have minimal prior experience; and
•   experiencing decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.
in addition, international acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example:
•   geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities;
•   integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures;
•   complying with non-u.s. regulatory requirements;
•   enforcing intellectual property rights in some non-u.s. countries; and
•   general economic and political conditions.
we may incur non-cash goodwill impairment charges in the future.
as a result of past acquisitions, we carry a significant goodwill balance on our balance sheet. goodwill accounted for approximately 39% of the total assets on our balance sheet as of june 30, 2019. we expect to engage in additional acquisitions, which will likely result in our recognition of additional goodwill. we test goodwill for impairment annually as of march 31st and at other times if events have occurred or circumstances exist that indicate the carrying value of goodwill may no longer be recoverable. although no indications of a goodwill impairment have been identified, there can be no assurance that we will not incur impairment charges in the future, particularly in the event of a prolonged economic slowdown. a significant non-cash goodwill impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we operate internationally and our operations could be adversely impacted by local legal, economic, political and other conditions.
a portion of our revenue is generated outside the u.s. and in recent years, we have expanded our operations, entered strategic alliances, and acquired businesses outside the u.s. also, our business is highly dependent on the global financial services industry and exchanges and market centers around the world. compliance with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable to our international operations could cause us to incur higher than anticipated costs, and inadequate enforcement of laws or policies such as those protecting intellectual property, could affect our business and the company's overall results of operations. our operations also could be affected by economic and political changes in those countries, particularly in those with developing economies, and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation and currency fluctuations between the u.s. dollar and non-u.s. currencies. for example, the united kingdom's potential withdrawal from the european union ("brexit"), and the continued uncertainty surrounding the potential timing of such withdrawal, has caused, and may continue to cause, economic uncertainty including volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations, resulting in a decline in the value of the british pound relative to the u.s. dollar. brexit may also negatively impact our clients with operations in the united kingdom, which may cause them to reduce their spending on our solutions and services. in addition, our operations and our ability to deliver our services to our clients could be adversely impacted if there is instability, disruption or destruction in certain geographic regions including as a result of natural or man-made disasters, wars, terrorist activities, or any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic or other local or global health issue.
certain of our services may be exposed to risk from our counterparties and third parties.
our mutual fund and exchange traded fund processing services and our transfer agency services involve the settlement of transactions on behalf of our clients and third parties. with these activities, we may be exposed to risk in the event our clients, or broker-dealers, banks, clearing organizations, or depositories are unable to fulfill contractual obligations. failure to settle a transaction may affect our ability to conduct these services or may reduce their profitability as a result of the reputational risk associated with failure to settle.
our revenues are subject to seasonal variations because we process and distribute the greatest number of proxy materials and annual reports in our third and fourth fiscal quarters.
processing and distributing proxy materials and annual reports to investors comprises a large portion of our investor communication solutions business. we process and distribute the greatest number of proxy materials and annual reports during our third and fourth fiscal quarters. the recurring periodic activity of this business is linked to significant filing deadlines imposed by law on public reporting companies. historically, this has caused our revenues, operating income, net earnings, and cash flows from operating activities to be higher in our fourth fiscal quarter than in any other fiscal quarter. beginning on july 1, 2019, the company adopted asu no. 2014-09 resulting in the majority of our revenues from equity proxy services being recognized in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. notwithstanding the impact of asu no. 2014-09, the seasonality of our revenues makes it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the results of any specific fiscal quarter and could affect an investor's ability to compare our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows on a fiscal quarter-by-quarter basis.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of broadridge during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere herein. certain information contained in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "assumes," "projects," "anticipates," "estimates," "we believe," "could be" and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. these statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from the results discussed in this item 7 because of various factors, including those set forth elsewhere herein. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the discussion summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of broadridge during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 can be found in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year 2018 (the "2018 annual report"), which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on august 7, 2018.
description of the company and business segments broadridge, a delaware corporation and a part of the s&p 500, is a global financial technology leader providing investor communications and technology-driven solutions to banks, broker-dealers, asset and wealth managers and corporate issuers. our services include investor communications, securities processing, data and analytics, and customer communications solutions. with over 50 years of experience, including over 10 years as an independent public company, we provide financial services firms with advanced, dependable, scalable and cost-effective integrated solutions and an important infrastructure that powers the financial services industry. our solutions enable better financial lives by powering investing, governance and communications and help reduce the need for our clients to make significant capital investments in operations infrastructure, thereby allowing them to increase their focus on core business activities.
our businesses operate in two reportable segments: investor communication solutions and global technology and operations.
investor communication solutions we provide governance and communications solutions through our investor communication solutions business segment to the following financial services clients: banks/broker-dealers, asset management firms/mutual funds, corporate issuers and wealth management firms. in addition to financial services firms, our customer communications business also serves companies in the healthcare, insurance, consumer finance, telecommunications, utilities and other service industries.
a large portion of our investor communication solutions business involves the processing and distribution of proxy materials to investors in equity securities and mutual funds, as well as the facilitation of related vote processing. proxyedge® is our innovative electronic proxy delivery and voting solution for institutional investors and financial advisors that helps ensure the voting participation of the largest stockholders of many companies. we also provide the distribution of regulatory reports and corporate action/reorganization event information, as well as tax reporting solutions that help our clients meet their regulatory compliance needs.
for asset managers and retirement service providers, we offer data-driven solutions and an end-to-end platform for content management, composition, and multi-channel distribution of regulatory, marketing, and transactional information. our data and analytics solutions provide investment product distribution data, analytical tools, insights, and research to enable asset managers to optimize product distribution across retail and institutional channels globally. we also provide mutual fund trade processing services for retirement providers, third party administrators, financial advisors, banks and wealth management professionals through matrix.
in addition, we provide public corporations with a full suite of solutions to help manage their annual meeting process, including registered proxy distribution and processing services, proxy and annual report document management solutions, and solutions to gain insight into their shareholder base through our shareholder data services.  we also provide financial reporting document composition and management, sec disclosure and filing services, and registrar, stock transfer and record-keeping services through broadridge corporate issuer solutions.
our wealth management solutions enable firms, financial advisors, wealth managers, and insurance agents to better engage with customers through digital marketing and customer communications tools. we integrate data, content and technology to drive new customer acquisition and cross-sell opportunities through the creation of sales and educational content, including seminars as well as customizable advisor websites, search engine marketing and electronic and print newsletters. our advisor solutions also help advisors optimize their practice management through customer and account data aggregation and reporting.
we also provide customer communications solutions which include print and digital solutions, content management, postal optimization, and fulfillment services. the broadridge communications cloudsm (the "communications cloud") provides multi-channel communications delivery, communications management, information management and control and administration capabilities that enable and enhance our clients' communications with their customers. in addition, we provide our clients with capabilities to enhance the consumer experience associated with essential communications such as consumer statements, bills and regulatory communications.
global technology and operations we are a leading global provider of securities processing solutions for capital markets, wealth management, and asset management firms. we offer advanced solutions that automate the securities transaction lifecycle, from desktop productivity tools, data aggregation, performance reporting, and portfolio management to order capture and execution, trade confirmation, margin, cash management, clearance and settlement, asset servicing, reference data management, reconciliations, securities financing and collateral optimization, compliance and regulatory reporting, and accounting.
our services help financial institutions efficiently and cost-effectively consolidate their books and records, gather and service assets under management and manage risk, thereby enabling them to focus on their core business activities. our multi-asset, multi-market, multi-entity and multi-currency solutions support real-time global trade processing of equity, fixed income, mutual fund, foreign exchange, and exchange traded derivatives.
in addition, we provide a comprehensive wealth management platform that offers capabilities across the entire wealth management lifecycle and streamlines all aspects of wealth management services, including account management, fee management and client on-boarding. through our managed services, we provide business process outsourcing services that support the operations of our buy- and sell-side clients' businesses and combine our technology with our operations expertise to support the entire trade lifecycle and provide front-, middle- and back-office solutions. we also provide buy-side technology solutions for the global investment management industry through our asset management solutions, including front-, middle- and back-office solutions for hedge funds, family offices, investment managers and the providers that service this space.
acquisitions assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded on the company's consolidated balance sheets as of the respective acquisition date based upon the estimated fair values at such date. the results of operations of the business acquired by the company are included in the company's consolidated statements of earnings since the respective date of acquisition. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed is allocated to goodwill.
fiscal year 2019 acquisitions:
business combinations financial information on each transaction is as follows:
rockall                 rpm      td ameritrade                    total
(in millions)
cash payments, net of cash acquired                                      $34.9               $258.3          $61.5                       $354.7
deferred payments, net                                                    (0.1    )            43.8          -                             43.7
contingent consideration liability (acquisition date fair value)   7.1                          0.8          -                              7.9
aggregate purchase price                                                 $41.9               $302.9          $61.5                       $406.4
rockall in may 2019, the company acquired rockall, a market leading provider of sbl and collateral management solutions for wealth management firms and commercial banks. the acquisition expands our core front- to back-office wealth capabilities, providing innovative sbl and collateral management technology solutions to help firms manage risk and optimize clients' securities lending and financing needs.
rpm in june 2019, broadridge acquired rpm, a leading canadian provider of enterprise wealth management software solutions and services. the acquisition brings important new capabilities and next-generation technology to clients of both rpm and broadridge. rpm's state-of-the-art technology platforms build on our strong canadian wealth management business, providing a solution set for the retail banking sector with enhanced mutual fund and deposit manufacturing capabilities.
td ameritrade in june 2019, broadridge acquired the retirement plan custody and trust assets from td ameritrade, a subsidiary of td ameritrade holding company. the acquisition expands broadridge's suite of solutions for the growing qualified and non-qualified retirement plan services market and the support it provides for third-party administrators, financial advisors, record-keepers, banks, and brokers.
fiscal year 2018 acquisitions:
business combinations financial information on each transaction is as follows:
summit       activepath            fundassist                    total
(in millions)
cash payments, net of cash acquired                                      $26.4            $21.8                 $41.3                     $89.5
deferred payments, net                                                     1.4        2.4                       -                           3.8
contingent consideration liability (acquisition date fair value)           2.7            -                 6.4                             9.2
aggregate purchase price                                                 $30.6            $24.2                 $47.7                    $102.5
summit in october 2017, the company acquired summit financial disclosure, llc ("summit"), a full-service financial document management solutions provider, including document composition and regulatory filing services. summit is part of our corporate issuer solutions under our investor communication solutions segment.
activepath in march 2018, the company acquired activepath solutions ltd ("activepath"), a digital technology company with technology that enhances the consumer experience associated with consumer statements, bills and regulatory communications. activepath is part of our customer communications business under our investor communication solutions segment.
fundassist in may 2018, the company acquired fundassist limited ("fundassist"), a regulatory, marketing and sales solutions service provider to the global investments industry. fund assist is part of our asset management/mutual fund solutions under our investor communication solutions segment. fundassist provides a suite of capabilities that enable the composition, management and distribution of digitized regulatory and disclosure documents for global fund managers distributing in europe.
asset acquisition purchase of intellectual property in february 2018, the company paid $40.0 million to an affiliate of inveshare, inc. ("inveshare") for the delivery of blockchain technology applications, as contemplated as part of the company's acquisition of intellectual property assets from inveshare.
basis of presentation the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") in the u.s. and in accordance with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec") requirements for annual reports on form 10-k. these financial statements present the consolidated position of the company and include the entities in which the company directly or indirectly has a controlling financial interest as well as various entities in which the company has investments recorded under the equity method of accounting as well as certain marketable and non-marketable securities. intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. amounts presented may not sum due to rounding. certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation, except as it relates to (i) asu no. 2014-09, (ii) asu no. 2016-01, "recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities ("asu no. 2016-01"), (iii) asu no. 2018-02, "reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income" ("asu no. 2018-02"), and (iv) asu no. 2016-09 "improvements to employee share-based payment accounting" ("asu no. 2016-09"), as described further below.
in presenting the consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and related disclosures. management continually evaluates the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. the estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment, available information, and historical experience and are believed to be reasonable. however, actual amounts and results could differ from those estimates made by management. in management's opinion, the consolidated financial statements contain all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of results reported. the results of operations reported for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for subsequent periods.
effective july 1, 2018, we adopted asu no. 2014-09 using the modified retrospective transition approach applied to all contracts. under this transition approach, we have not restated the prior period consolidated financial statements presented to the current period presentation. however, we have provided additional disclosures related to the amount by which each relevant fiscal 2019 financial statement line item was affected by the adoption of asu no. 2014-09 along with explanations for significant changes. additional information about the company's revenue recognition policies and the related impact of the adoption of asu no. 2014-09 is included in note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 3, "revenue recognition".
effective july 1, 2018, we adopted asu no. 2016-01, which requires changes in the fair value of publicly traded equity securities for which we do not have significant influence to be recorded as part of net earnings rather than as other comprehensive income (loss), net. in addition, equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value will be recorded at cost less impairment as further adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the issuer. we adopted asu no. 2016-01 using the modified-retrospective transition approach by recording the cumulative effect of previously unrecognized gains or losses on publicly traded equity securities to retained earnings as of july 1, 2018. the provisions of asu no. 2016-01 relative to equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value have been applied prospectively. the consolidated financial statements have not been revised for periods prior to july 1, 2018. the impact of adopting asu no. 2016-01 resulted in a reclassification of less than $0.1 million in unrealized gains, net from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings as of july 1, 2018.
effective july 1, 2018, we adopted asu no. 2018-02, which allows a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects associated with the change in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate resulting from the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") enacted in december 2017. the adoption of asu no. 2018-02 resulted in an increase to retained earnings of $1.5 million.
effective july 1, 2018, we adopted asu no. 2017-07, "improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost" ("asu no. 2017-07") whereby we revised its presentation in the consolidated statements of earnings to reflect the non-service cost components of net benefit cost as part of other non-operating income (expenses), net, which were previously recorded as part of total operating expenses. all prior period information has been conformed to the current period presentation.
effective july 1, 2017, we adopted asu no. 2016-09, which identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including presenting the excess tax benefits ("etb") or deficits from the exercise or vesting of share-based payments in the income statement, classifying the etb or deficits as an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows rather than as a financing activity, a revision to the criteria for classifying an award as equity or liability and an option to recognize gross stock-based compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur. in addition, asu no. 2016-09 eliminates the etb from the assumed proceeds calculation under the treasury stock method for purposes of calculating diluted shares. as a result of this adoption, we recorded etb related to stock-based compensation awards of $19.3 million and $40.9 million during the twelve months ended june 30, 2019 and 2018 in the income tax provision on a prospective basis, whereas such benefits would previously have been recognized in equity. we also excluded the etb from the assumed proceeds available to repurchase shares in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the twelve months ended june 30, 2019 and 2018. we have not adjusted prior periods presented for the change in accounting for etb in the consolidated financial statements. we also elected to apply the change in presentation of etb in the consolidated statement of cash flows prospectively, and as a result, etb are classified as operating activities when realized through reductions to subsequent tax payments. this adoption resulted in an increase to net cash provided by operating activities and a corresponding decrease to net cash provided by financing activities of $19.3 million and $40.9 million for the twelve months ended june 30, 2019 and 2018. we have not adjusted prior periods presented for the change in classification of etb on the consolidated statement of cash flows. we also elected to continue our current practice of estimating expected forfeitures as permitted by asu no. 2016-09.
critical accounting policies we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. the estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment, available information, and historical experience and are believed to be reasonable. however, actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates made by management. certain accounting policies that require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below.
goodwill. we review the carrying value of all our goodwill by comparing the carrying value of our reporting units to their fair values. we are required to perform this comparison at least annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment. when determining fair value of a reporting unit, we utilize the income approach which considers a discounted future cash flow analysis using various assumptions, including projections of revenues based on assumed long-term growth rates, estimated costs and appropriate discount rates based on the particular reporting unit's weighted-average cost of capital. the principal factors used in the discounted cash flow analysis requiring judgment are the projected future operating cash flows based on forecasted earnings before interest and taxes, and the selection of the terminal value growth rate and discount rate assumptions. the weighted-average cost of capital takes into account the relative weight of each component of our consolidated capital structure (equity and long-term debt). our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data, various internal estimates and a variety of external sources, and are developed as part of our routine, long-range planning process. changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in future periods. if the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss shall be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination is determined. we had $1,500.0 million of goodwill as of june 30, 2019. given the significance of our goodwill, an adverse change to the fair value of one of our reporting units could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our earnings.
the company performs a sensitivity analysis under step 1 of the goodwill impairment test assuming hypothetical reductions in the fair values of our reporting units. a 10% change in our estimates of projected future operating cash flows, discount rates, or terminal value growth rates used in our calculations of the fair values of the reporting units would not result in an impairment of our goodwill.
income taxes. the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. judgment is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns (e.g., realization of deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof). the company is subject to regular examination of its income tax returns by the u.s. federal, state and foreign tax authorities. a change in the assessment of the outcomes of such matters could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. the company has estimated foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $9.5 million as of june 30, 2019 of which $1.5 million are subject to expiration in the 2020 through 2028 period. the remaining $8.0 million of carryforwards has an indefinite utilization period. in addition, the company has estimated u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $18.6 million which can be utilized through 2030. u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards resulting from tax losses beginning with the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 have an indefinite carryforward under the tax act. the company did not realize any federal net operating losses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019.
valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the company will not be able to utilize the deferred tax assets attributable to net operating and capital loss carryforwards of certain subsidiaries to offset future taxable earnings. the company has recorded valuation allowances of $3.3 million and $3.8 million at june 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the determination as to whether a deferred tax asset will be recognized is made on a jurisdictional basis and is based on the evaluation of historical taxable income or loss, projected future taxable income, carryforward periods, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. projected future taxable income is based on expected results and assumptions as to the jurisdiction in which the income will be earned. the assumptions used to project future taxable income requires significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage the underlying businesses.
on the same date that the tax act was enacted, december 22, 2017, the sec issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") which provided the company with up to one year to finalize accounting for the impacts of the tax act. under sab 118, the company finalized the prior year estimate of the net tax impact to the company arising from the enactment of the tax act, and recognized a tax benefit of approximately $0.5 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019.
share-based payments. accounting for stock-based compensation requires the measurement of stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. we determine the fair value of stock options issued by using a binomial option-pricing model. the binomial option-pricing model considers a range of assumptions related to volatility, dividend yield, risk-free interest rate and employee exercise behavior. expected volatilities utilized in the binomial option-pricing model are based on a combination of implied market volatilities, historical volatility of our stock price and other factors. similarly, the dividend yield is based on historical experience and expected future changes. the risk-free rate is derived from the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. the binomial option-pricing model also incorporates exercise and forfeiture assumptions based on an analysis of historical data. the expected life of the stock option grants is derived from the output of the binomial model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. determining these assumptions are subjective and complex, and therefore, a change in the assumptions utilized could impact the calculation of the fair value of our stock options. a hypothetical change of five percentage points applied to the volatility assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2019 stock option grants would result in approximately a $2.1 million change in total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2019 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical change of one year in the expected life assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2019 stock option grants would result in approximately a $0.8 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2019 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical change of one percentage point in the forfeiture rate assumption used for the fiscal year 2019 stock option grants would result in approximately a $0.1 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2019 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical one-half percentage point change in the dividend yield assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2019 stock option grants would result in approximately a $0.9 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2019 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period.
results of operations the following discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments refer to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. the analysis of consolidated statements of earnings should be read in conjunction with the analysis of reportable segments, which provides more detailed discussions concerning certain components of the consolidated statements of earnings. discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 is disclosed in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of the 2018 annual report.
the following references are utilized in the discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments:
"amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property" and "acquisition and integration costs" represent certain non-cash amortization expenses associated with acquired intangible assets and purchased intellectual property assets, as well as certain transaction and integration costs associated with the company's acquisition activities, respectively.
"gain on sale of securities" represents a non-operating gain on the sale of securities associated with our retirement plan obligations.
"tax act items" represent a u.s. federal transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, foreign jurisdiction withholding taxes with respect to the earnings deemed repatriated for u.s. tax purposes, and certain benefits related to the remeasurement of the company's net u.s. federal and state deferred tax liabilities attributable to the recording of the impact from the tax act, which was enacted into law on december 22, 2017.
"net new business" refers to recurring revenue from closed sales less recurring revenue from client losses.
the following definitions describe the company's revenues:
fee revenues in the investor communication solutions segment are derived from both recurring and event-driven activity. in addition, the level of recurring and event-driven activity we process directly impacts distribution revenues. while event-driven activity is highly repeatable, it may not recur on an annual basis. the types of services we provide that comprise event-driven activity are:
•   mutual fund proxy: the proxy and related services we provide to mutual funds when certain events occur requiring a shareholder vote including changes in directors, sub-advisors, fee structures, investment restrictions, and mergers of funds.
•   mutual fund communications: mutual fund communications services consist primarily of the distribution on behalf of mutual funds of supplemental information required to be provided to the annual mutual fund prospectus as a result of certain triggering events such as a change in portfolio managers. in addition, mutual fund communications consist of notices and marketing materials such as newsletters.
•   proxy contests and specials, corporate actions, and other: the proxy services we provide in connection with shareholder meetings driven by special events such as proxy contests, mergers and acquisitions, and tender/exchange offers.
event-driven fee revenues are based on the number of special events and corporate transactions we process. event-driven activity is impacted by financial market conditions and changes in regulatory compliance requirements, resulting in fluctuations in the timing and levels of event-driven fee revenues. as such, the timing and level of event-driven activity and its potential impact on revenues and earnings are difficult to forecast. during the three months ended december 31, 2018, we were initially able to separate certain annually recurring mutual fund related communications that were previously included in event-driven fee revenues. these activities were presented within recurring fee revenues commencing in the three months ended december 31, 2018. we were not able to reliably estimate the portion of event-driven fee revenues attributable to these activities in prior periods. we added approximately $12 million to recurring fee revenues for the year ended june 30, 2019, and is captured within recurring fee revenues internal growth.
generally, mutual fund proxy activity has been subject to a greater level of volatility than the other components of event-driven activity. during fiscal year 2019, mutual fund proxy fee revenues were 14% lower than the prior fiscal year while during fiscal year 2018 mutual fund proxy revenues were 28% higher than the prior fiscal year. although it is difficult to forecast the levels of event-driven activity, we expect that the portion of fee revenues derived from mutual fund proxy activity may continue to experience volatility in the future.
distribution revenues primarily include revenues related to the physical mailing of proxy materials, interim communications, transaction reporting, customer communications and fulfillment services as well as matrix administrative services.
distribution cost of revenues consists primarily of postage-related expenses incurred in connection with our investor communication solutions segment, as well as matrix administrative services expenses. these costs are reflected in cost of revenues.
closed sales represent an estimate of the expected annual recurring fee revenue for new client contracts that were signed by broadridge in the current reporting period. closed sales does not include event-driven or distribution activity. we consider contract terms, expected client volumes or activity, knowledge of the marketplace and experience with our clients, among other factors, when determining the estimate. management uses closed sales to measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing programs, as an indicator of expected future revenues and as a performance metric in determining incentive compensation.
closed sales is not a measure of financial performance under gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for revenue or other income statement data prepared in accordance with gaap. closed sales is a useful metric for investors in understanding how management measures and evaluates our ongoing operational performance.
the inherent variability of transaction volumes and activity levels can result in some variability of amounts reported as actual achieved closed sales. larger closed sales can take up to 12 to 24 months or longer to convert to revenues, particularly for the services provided by our global technology and operations segment. for fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, we are reporting closed sales net of a 4.0% allowance adjustment. consequently, our reported closed sales amounts are not adjusted for actual revenues achieved because these adjustments are estimated in the period the sale is reported. we assess the allowance amount at the end of each fiscal year to establish the appropriate allowance for the subsequent year using trailing five years actual data as the starting point, normalized for outlying factors, if any, to enhance the accuracy of the allowance.
for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, closed sales were $233.3 million and $214.9 million, respectively. the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, are net of an allowance adjustment of $9.7 million and $9.0 million, respectively.
analysis of consolidated statements of earnings fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018
the table below presents consolidated statements of earnings data for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods:
years ended june 30,
2019                                                                               2018                                     change
($)                     (%)
(in millions, except for per share amounts)
revenues                                          $4,362.2                $4,329.9               $32.3
cost of revenues                                   3,131.9                 3,167.4               (35.4    )          (1    )
selling, general and administrative expenses         577.5                   564.5                13.1
total operating expenses                           3,709.5                 3,731.8               (22.3    )          (1    )
operating income                                     652.7                   598.1                54.6                9
margin                                                15.0    %               13.8    %                             1.2        pts interest expense, net                                (41.8    )              (38.6    )           (3.2    )           8
other non-operating income (expenses), net            (3.7    )                1.5                (5.2    )        (347    )
earnings before income taxes                         607.3                   561.0                46.2                8
provision for income taxes                           125.2                   133.1                (7.9    )          (6    )
effective tax rate                                    20.6    %               23.7    %                            (3.1    )   pts net earnings                                        $482.1                  $427.9               $54.1
basic earnings per share                             $4.16                   $3.66               $0.50
diluted earnings per share                           $4.06                   $3.56               $0.50               14
revenues revenues increased $32.3 million, or 1%, to $4,362.2 million from $4,329.9 million as a result of:
years ended june 30,
2019                                                           2018                                                       change
$               %
($ in millions)
recurring fee revenues                      $2,759.3                    $2,610.4                    $148.9          6
event-driven fee revenues                      244.5           283.9                                 (39.4      )       (14    )
distribution revenues                        1,460.8                     1,512.9                     (52.1      )        (3    )
foreign currency exchange                     (102.4       )               (77.3       )             (25.1      )   32
total                                       $4,362.2                    $4,329.9                     $32.3          1
points of growth net new business             internal growth             acquisitions          total recurring fee revenue growth drivers            3pts                         1pt                       1pt          6          %
•   the impact of the asc 606 revenue accounting change on recurring fee revenue was negligible.
•   the lower event-driven fee revenues were primarily the result of lower equity proxy contest and mutual fund proxy activity compared to fiscal year 2018.
•   distribution revenues decreased $52.1 million, or 3%, to $1,460.8 million from lower transactional print volumes and the decrease in event-driven fee revenues.
•   the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against other currencies negatively impacted revenues by $25.1 million.
total operating expenses. operating expenses decreased $22.3 million, or 1%, to $3,709.5 million from $3,731.8 million as a result of:
•   cost of revenues - the decrease of $35.4 million in cost of revenues primarily reflects: lower distribution cost of revenues driven by the decrease in distribution revenues, partially offset by higher operating costs from acquisitions and higher proxy fulfillment expenses. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased cost of revenues by $21.9 million.
•   selling, general and administrative expenses - the increase of $13.1 million in selling, general, and administrative expenses primarily reflects: higher labor expenses, including higher performance-based compensation expense, partially offset by lower spending on growth initiatives.
operating income. operating income margins increased to 15.0% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, compared to 13.8% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, primarily due to the increase in recurring fee revenues.
interest expense, net. interest expenses, net, was $41.8 million, an increase of $3.2 million from $38.6 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. the increase of $3.2 million was primarily due to an increase in interest expense primarily due to higher borrowing costs, partially offset by an increase in interest income.
other non-operating income (expenses), net. other non-operating income, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was $3.7 million, a decrease of $5.2 million, compared to $1.5 million of other non-operating expenses, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. the decrease of $5.2 million was primarily due to higher expense related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, a decrease due to lower investment gains, and higher losses related to minority equity investments.
provision for income taxes.
•   effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 - 20.6%.
•   effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 - 23.7%.
the decrease in the effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 is primarily due to: (i) the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate change from 35% to 21% under the tax act, which resulted in a blended u.s. federal corporate income tax rate of 28.1% for the prior year and a 21% tax rate for the current year; and, (ii) the company accrued a one-time net expense of approximately $15.4 million to reflect a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries at december 31, 2017, partially offset by a benefit related to the remeasurement of the company's net u.s. federal and state deferred tax liabilities, for which this expense did not recur in the current year, partially offset by (iii) the recognition of $19.3 million in etb attributable to stock-based compensation compared to a $40.9 million etb in the prior year.
asc 606 revenue accounting change. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, if the prior year basis of revenue accounting followed the current year basis of revenue accounting:
•   recurring fee revenues would have been $0.4 million higher,
•   event-driven fee revenues would have been $2.2 million lower, and
•   distribution revenues would have been $9.6 million higher.
analysis of reportable segments broadridge has two reportable business segments: (1) investor communication solutions and (2) global technology and operations.
the primary component of "other" are certain gains, losses, corporate overhead expenses and non-operating expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, such as interest expense. foreign currency exchange is a reconciling item between the actual foreign currency exchange rates and the constant foreign currency exchange rates used for internal management reporting.
certain corporate expenses, as well as certain centrally managed expenses, are allocated based upon budgeted amounts in a reasonable manner. because the company compensates the management of its various businesses on, among other factors, segment profit, the company may elect to record certain segment-related operating and non-operating expense items in other rather than reflect such items in segment profit.
revenues years ended june 30,
2019                                                            2018       change
$                                                    %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions      $3,511.1              $3,495.6             $15.4           -
global technology and operations         953.5       911.6                 42.0              5
foreign currency exchange               (102.4   )             (77.3   )         (25.1   )   32
total                                 $4,362.2              $4,329.9             $32.3       1
earnings (loss) before income taxes years ended june 30,
2019                                                        2018       change
$                                                  %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions      $508.4              $494.6             $13.8             3
global technology and operations       210.3       199.3               11.1                    6
other                                 (130.9   )          (151.4   )   20.5                  (14   )
foreign currency exchange               19.4       18.6                0.9                     4
total                                 $607.3              $561.0             $46.2             8
investor communication solutions fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018
revenues increased $15.4 million to $3,511.1 million from $3,495.6 million, and earnings before income taxes increased $13.8 million to $508.4 million from $494.6 million as a result of:
years ended june 30,
2019                                                                        2018           change
$                                                              %
($ in millions)
revenues recurring fee revenues                      $1,805.8                    $1,698.9                    $106.9          6
event-driven fee revenues                      244.5           283.9                                 (39.4      )       (14   )
distribution revenues                        1,460.8                     1,512.9                     (52.1      )       (3    )
total                                       $3,511.1                    $3,495.6                     $15.4              -
earnings before income taxes earnings before income taxes                  $508.4                      $494.6                     $13.8          3
pre-tax margin                                  14.5       %   14.1                    %
points of growth net new business             internal growth             acquisitions       total recurring fee revenue growth drivers            4pts                         1pt                       1pt          6         %
•   the impact of the asc 606 revenue accounting change on recurring fee revenue was negligible.
•   with respect to recurring fees, position growth compared to the same period in the prior year, which is a component of internal growth, was 6% for annual equity proxy communications and 9% for mutual fund and etf interims.
40
•   lower event-driven fee revenues were primarily the result of lower equity proxy contest and mutual fund proxy activity compared to fiscal year 2018.
•   lower distribution revenues resulted from lower transactional print volumes and the decrease in event-driven fee revenues.
•   the earnings increase of $13.8 million was primarily due to higher recurring fee revenues more than offsetting lower event-driven fee revenues.
•   pre-tax margins increased by 0.4 percentage points to 14.5% from 14.1%. considering the impact of the revenue accounting change, pre-tax margins for the year ended june 30, 2018 would have been 14.4%.
global technology and operations fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018
revenues increased $42.0 million to $953.5 million from $911.6 million, and earnings before income taxes increased $11.1 million to $210.3 million from $199.3 million as a result of:
years ended june 30,
2019                                                   2018                                change
$                                                              %
($ in millions)
revenues recurring fee revenues                 $953.5                      $911.6                      $42.0
earnings before income taxes earnings before income taxes           $210.3                      $199.3                      $11.1
pre-tax margin                         22.1            %       21.9                    %
points of growth net new business            internal growth             acquisitions             total recurring fee revenue growth drivers   3pts                        1pt                         1pt                  5        %
•   the impact of the asc 606 revenue accounting change on recurring fee revenue was negligible.
•   the earnings increase was primarily due to higher organic revenues, partially offset by the impact of incremental expenditures to win, implement and support new business as well as ongoing new product development.
•   pre-tax margins increased by 0.2 percentage points to 22.1% from 21.9%.
other loss before income taxes was $130.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, a decrease of $20.5 million, or 14%, compared to $151.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018.
•   the decreased loss was primarily due to lower spending on growth initiatives and other corporate expenses, partially offset by a decrease in investment gains and higher interest expense compared to the prior year period.
explanation and reconciliation of the company's use of non-gaap financial measures the company's results in this annual report on form 10-k are presented in accordance with u.s. gaap except where otherwise noted. in certain circumstances, results have been presented that are not generally accepted accounting principles measures ("non-gaap"). these non-gaap measures are adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow. these non-gaap financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the company's reported results.
the company believes our non-gaap financial measures help investors understand how management plans, measures and evaluates the company's business performance. management believes that non-gaap measures provide consistency in its financial reporting and facilitates investors' understanding of the company's operating results and trends by providing an additional basis for comparison. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to, among other things, evaluate our ongoing operations, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. in addition, and as a consequence of the importance of these non-gaap financial measures in managing our business, the company's compensation committee of the board of directors incorporates non-gaap financial measures in the evaluation process for determining management compensation.
adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted net earnings and adjusted earnings per share these non-gaap measures reflect operating income, operating income margin, net earnings, and diluted earnings per share, as adjusted to exclude the impact of certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items that management believes are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance. these adjusted measures exclude the impact of: (i) amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property, (ii) acquisition and integration costs, (iii) tax act items and (iv) the gain on sale of securities. amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property represents non-cash amortization expenses associated with the company's acquisition activities. acquisition and integration costs represent certain transaction and integration costs associated with the company's acquisition activities. tax act items represent the net impact of a u.s. federal transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, foreign jurisdiction withholding taxes and certain benefits related to the remeasurement of the company's net u.s. federal and state deferred tax liabilities attributable to the tax act. the gain on sale of securities represents a non-operating gain on the sale of securities associated with the company's retirement plan obligations.
we exclude tax act items and gain on sale of securities from our adjusted earnings measures because excluding such information provides us with an understanding of the results from the primary operations of our business and these items do not reflect ordinary operations or earnings. we also exclude the impact of amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property, as these non-cash amounts are significantly impacted by the timing and size of individual acquisitions and do not factor into the company's capital allocation decisions, management compensation metrics or multi-year objectives. furthermore, management believes that this adjustment enables better comparison of our results as amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property will not recur in future periods once such intangible assets have been fully amortized. although we exclude amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property from our adjusted earnings measures, our management believes that it is important for investors to understand that these intangible assets contribute to revenue generation. amortization of intangible assets that relate to past acquisitions will recur in future periods until such intangible assets have been fully amortized. any future acquisitions may result in the amortization of additional intangible assets.
free cash flows in addition to the non-gaap financial measures discussed above, we provide free cash flow information because we consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated that could be used for dividends, share repurchases, strategic acquisitions, other investments, as well as debt servicing. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and is defined by the company as net cash flows provided by operating activities less capital expenditures as well as software purchases and capitalized internal use software.
set forth below is a reconciliation of such non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures (unaudited):
years ended june 30,
2019                  2018
(in millions)
operating income (gaap)                                                           $652.7                $598.1
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property            87.4                  81.4
acquisition and integration costs                                                    6.4                   8.8
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)                                              $746.5                $688.2
operating income margin (gaap)                                                      15.0    %             13.8    %
adjusted operating income margin (non-gaap)                                         17.1    %             15.9    %
years ended june 30,
2019                  2018
(in millions)
net earnings (gaap)                                                               $482.1                $427.9
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property            87.4                  81.4
acquisition and integration costs                                                    6.4                   8.8
gain on sale of securities                                                             -                  (5.5    )
taxable adjustments                                                                 93.8                  84.7
tax act items                                                                          -                  15.4
tax impact of adjustments (a)                                                      (22.3    )            (23.9    )
adjusted net earnings (non-gaap)                                                  $553.6                $504.1
years ended june 30,
2019                2018
diluted earnings per share (gaap)                                                $4.06               $3.56
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property          0.74                0.68
acquisition and integration costs                                                 0.05                0.07
gain on sale of securities                                                           -               (0.05    )
taxable adjustments                                                               0.79                0.70
tax act items                                                                        -                0.13
tax impact of adjustments (a)                                                    (0.19    )          (0.20    )
adjusted earnings per share (non-gaap)                                           $4.66               $4.19
(a) calculated using the gaap effective tax rate, adjusted to exclude $19.3 million of etb associated with stock-based compensation for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, and $40.9 million of etb associated with stock-based compensation for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, as well as the net $15.4 million charges associated with the tax act for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. for purposes of calculating the adjusted earnings per share, the same adjustments were made on a per share basis.
years ended june 30,
2019                 2018
(in millions)
net cash flows provided by operating activities (gaap)                                     $617.0                $693.6
capital expenditures and software purchases and capitalized internal use software           (72.6    )            (97.9    )
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                                                  $544.4                $595.7
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents consisted of the following:
june 30,
2019                2018
(in millions)
cash and cash equivalents:
domestic cash                               $95.5               $98.2
cash held by foreign subsidiaries            99.8               103.6
cash held by regulated entities              77.9                62.0
total cash and cash equivalents            $273.2              $263.9
at june 30, 2019 and 2018, cash and cash equivalents were $273.2 million and $263.9 million, respectively. total stockholders' equity was $1,127.5 million and $1,094.3 million at june 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively. at june 30, 2019, net working capital was $239.8 million compared to $213.8 million at june 30, 2018. at the current time, and in future periods, we expect cash generated by our operations, together with existing cash, cash equivalents, and borrowing capacity, to be sufficient to cover cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, dividends and common stock repurchases.
at june 30, 2019, $99.8 million of the $273.2 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries, and $77.9 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by regulated entities. we expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as regular quarterly dividends, debt repayment schedules, and material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. in addition, we expect existing foreign cash, cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity to continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. if these funds are needed for our operations in the u.s., we may be required to pay additional foreign taxes to repatriate these funds. however, while we may do so at a future date, the company does not need to repatriate future foreign earnings to fund u.s. operations.
outstanding borrowings and available capacity under the company's borrowing arrangements were as follows:
expirationdate             principal amount outstanding at june 30, 2019            carrying value at june 30, 2019            carrying value at june 30, 2018       unusedavailablecapacity                 fair value at june 30, 2019
(in millions)
long-term debt fiscal 2019 revolving credit facility:
u.s. dollar tranche                      march 2024                                      $360.0                                          $360.0                                     $160.0                    $740.0                                           $360.0
multicurrency tranche                    march 2024                                       215.7                                           215.7                                          -                184.3                                                 215.7
total revolving credit facility                                                          $575.7                                          $575.7                                     $160.0                    $924.3                                           $575.7
fiscal 2014 senior notes                 september 2020                                   400.0                                           399.2                                      398.5                    -                                                 405.4
fiscal 2016 senior notes                 june 2026                                        500.0                                           495.5                                      494.8                    -                                                 509.8
total debt                                                                             $1,475.7                                        $1,470.4                                   $1,053.4                    $924.3                                         $1,490.9
future principal payments on the company's outstanding debt are as follows:
years ending june 30,   2020            2021                2022            2023            2024                thereafter        total
(in millions)               $-                 $400.0           $-              $-                 $575.7       $500.0            $1,475.7
on march 18, 2019, the company entered into a $1.5 billion five-year revolving credit facility (the "fiscal 2019 revolving credit facility"), which is comprised of a $1.1 billion u.s. dollar tranche and a $400.0 million multicurrency tranche, and which replaced the $1.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility entered into during february 2017 (the "fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility"). borrowings under the fiscal 2019 revolving credit facility bear interest at libor plus 101.5 basis points. in addition, the fiscal 2019 revolving credit facility has an annual facility fee equal to 11.0 basis points on the entire facility.
at june 30, 2019, the carrying value of the company's outstanding long-term debt was $1,470.4 million, consisting of: (i) borrowings on the fiscal 2019 revolving credit facility of $575.7 million, (ii) senior notes of $399.2 million ($400.0 million principal amount less $0.1 million of unamortized bond discount and $0.7 million of unamortized debt issuance costs) due september 2020 and (iii) senior notes of $495.5 million ($500.0 million principal amount less $1.5 million of unamortized bond discount and $3.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs) due june 2026. the fiscal 2019 revolving credit facility and senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and are ranked equally in right of payment. interest on the senior notes due 2020 is payable semiannually on march 1st and september 1st of each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.95%. interest on the senior notes due june 2026 is payable semiannually on june 27th and december 27th of each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.40%.
our liquidity position may be negatively affected by changes in general economic conditions, regulatory requirements and access to the capital markets, which may be limited if we were to fail to renew any of the credit facilities on their renewal dates or if we were to fail to meet certain ratios.
please refer to note 12, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for a more detailed discussion.
cash flows fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018
years ended june 30,
2019                                                              2018                    $ change
(in millions)
net cash flows provided by operating activities   $617.0              $693.6              $(76.6      )
net cash flows used in investing activities       $(433.5     )       $(249.3     )       $(184.3     )
net cash flows used in financing activities       $(173.1     )       $(449.9     )       $276.8
the decrease in cash provided by operating activities of $76.6 million primarily reflects: (i) an increase in cash used in client implementations and related client contract payments, and (ii) an increase in cash used in working capital, partially offset by (iii) an increase in net earnings.
the increase in cash used in investing activities of $184.3 million primarily reflects (i) increased acquisitions driven primarily by the acquisition of rpm in fiscal year 2019, partially offset by (ii) lower purchases of intellectual property.
the decrease in cash used in financing activities of $276.8 million primarily reflects: (i) an increase in net proceeds from borrowings, partially offset by (ii) an increase in the repurchase of common stock, and (iii) an increase in dividends paid.
income taxes the company, headquartered in the u.s., is routinely examined by the irs and is also routinely examined by the tax authorities in the u.s. states and foreign countries in which it conducts business. the tax years under audit examination vary by tax jurisdiction. the company regularly considers the likelihood of assessments in each of the jurisdictions resulting from examinations. to the extent the company determines it has potential tax assessments in particular tax jurisdictions, the company has established tax reserves which it believes are adequate in relation to the potential assessments. once established, reserves are adjusted when there is more information available, when an event occurs necessitating a change to the reserves or the statute of limitations for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position has expired. the resolution of tax matters should not have a material effect on the financial condition of the company or on the company's consolidated statements of earnings for a particular future period.
defined benefit pension plans the company sponsors a supplemental officer retirement plan (the "broadridge sorp"). the broadridge sorp is a defined benefit plan pursuant to which the company will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key officers upon retirement based upon the officers' years of service and compensation. the broadridge sorp is currently unfunded. the broadridge sorp was closed to new participants beginning in fiscal year 2015.
the company also sponsors a supplemental executive retirement plan (the "broadridge serp"). the broadridge serp is a defined benefit plan pursuant to which the company will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key executives upon retirement based upon the executives' years of service and compensation. the broadridge serp is currently unfunded. the broadridge serp was closed to new participants beginning in fiscal year 2015.
the benefit obligation to the company under these plans at june 30, 2019 and 2018 was:
years ended june 30,
2019   2018
(in millions)
sorp          $45.5               $38.3
serp            5.4        4.5
total         $50.8               $42.8
other post-retirement benefit plan the company sponsors an executive retiree health insurance plan. it is a post-retirement benefit plan pursuant to which the company helps defray the health care costs of certain eligible key executive retirees and qualifying dependents, based upon the retirees' age and years of service, until they reach the age of 65. the plan is currently unfunded.
the benefit obligation to the company under this plan at june 30, 2019 and 2018 was:
years ended june 30,
2019               2018
(in millions)
executive retiree health insurance plan       $5.2                $5.3
other post-employment benefit obligations in accordance with the payment of gratuity act of 1972, the company sponsors a post-employment defined benefit plan (the "gratuity plan") covering all employees in india who are eligible under the terms of their employment. the gratuity plan is required by local law and provides a lump sum payment to vested employees upon retirement, death, incapacitation, or termination of employment based on the respective employee's salary and the tenure of employment. the gratuity plan is currently unfunded.
the benefit obligation to the company under this plan at june 30, 2019 and 2018 was:
years ended june 30,
2019               2018
(in millions)
the gratuity plan       $5.8                $5.0
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations to third parties as of june 30, 2019 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods:
payments due by period total             less than 1year                1-3 years             4-5 years       after 5years
(in millions)
debt(1)                                             $1,475.7                      $-                    $400.0                 $575.7             $500.0
interest and facility fee on debt(2)                   234.4                    53.2                      77.5                   69.7                    34.0
facility and equipment operating leases(3)             406.5                    46.8                      84.7                   70.6                   204.4
software licensing(4)                                    5.9                     4.3                       1.6                      -             -
purchase obligations(5)                                311.1                    66.5                     127.3                  117.3             -
capital commitment to fund investment(6)                 1.5                     1.5                         -                      -             -
acquisition deferred payments(7)                        39.6                    39.6                         -                      -             -
uncertain tax positions(8)                                 -                       -                         -                      -             -
total(9)                                            $2,474.8                  $212.0                    $691.1                 $833.3             $738.4
(1)   these amounts represent the principal repayments of long-term debt and are included on our consolidated balance sheets. see note 12, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our borrowings and related matters.
(2)   includes estimated future interest payments on our long-term debt and interest and facility fee on the revolving credit facility.
(3)   we enter into operating leases in the normal course of business relating to facilities and equipment. the majority of our lease agreements have fixed payment terms based on the passage of time. certain facility and equipment leases require payment of maintenance and real estate taxes and contain escalation provisions based on future adjustments in price indices. our future operating lease obligations could change if we exit certain contracts and if we enter into additional operating lease agreements.
(4)   we enter into various software licenses agreements in the normal course of business.
(5)   purchase obligations relate to payments to ibm related to the it services agreement entered into in march 2010 that expires in june 2024, the eu it services agreement entered into in march 2014 that expires in october 2023, and purchase and maintenance agreements on our software, equipment and other assets.
(6)   represents the company's funding commitment to an equity method investee. in addition, the company also has a future commitment to fund $4.3 million to an investee.
(7)   deferred payment obligation associated with the company's acquisition of rpm.
(8)   due to the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of uncertain tax positions, only uncertain tax benefits related to certain settlements have been provided in the table above. the company is unable to make reasonably reliable estimates related to the timing of the remaining gross unrecognized tax benefit liability of $43.8 million (inclusive of interest). see note 15, "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for further detail.
(9)   certain post-employment benefit obligations reported in our consolidated balance sheets in the amount of $61.9 million as of june 30, 2019 were not included in the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of these future payments.
data center agreements in march 2010, the company and international business machines corporation ("ibm") entered into an information technology services agreement (the "it services agreement"), under which ibm provides certain aspects of the company's information technology infrastructure. under the it services agreement, ibm provides a broad range of technology services to the company including supporting its mainframe, midrange, open systems, network and data center operations, as well as providing disaster recovery services. the company has the option of incorporating additional services into the agreement over time. the migration of the data center processing to ibm was completed in august 2012. the it services agreement expires on june 30, 2024. the company has the right to renew the initial term of the it services agreement for up to one additional
12-month term. commitments remaining under this agreement at june 30, 2019 are $290.8 million through fiscal year 2024, the final year of the contract.
in march 2014, the company and ibm united kingdom limited ("ibm uk") entered into an information technology services agreement (the "eu it services agreement"), under which ibm uk provides data center services supporting the company's technology outsourcing services for certain clients in europe and asia. the eu it services agreement expires in october 2023. the company has the right to renew the initial term of the eu it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month term or one additional 24-month term. commitments remaining under this agreement at june 30, 2019 are $20.4 million through fiscal year 2024, the final year of the contract.
the following table summarizes the capitalized costs related to these agreements as of june 30, 2019:
it services agreement                   eu it services agreement             total
(in millions)
capitalized costs, beginning balance          $62.3                                            $5.2                    $67.5
capitalized costs incurred                    -                                                   -                        -
impact of foreign currency exchange           -                                                (0.2          )          (0.2   )
total capitalized costs, ending balance   62.3                              5.0                                  67.3
total accumulated amortization                (35.8               )                            (2.5          )         (38.3   )
net deferred ibm costs                        $26.5                                            $2.5                    $29.0
other commercial commitments certain of the company's subsidiaries have unsecured, uncommitted lines of credit with banks. there were no outstanding borrowings under these lines of credit at june 30, 2019.
off-balance sheet arrangements it is not the company's business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. however, the company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. the company manages its exposure to these market risks through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. the company was not a party to any derivative financial instruments at june 30, 2019 and 2018. in the normal course of business, the company also enters into contracts in which it makes representations and warranties that relate to the performance of the company's products and services. the company does not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties, or collateral arrangements.
new accounting pronouncements and auditing standards please refer to note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 3 "revenue recognition" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion on the impact of the adoption of new accounting pronouncements.
on june 1, 2017, the public company accounting oversight board ("pcaob") issued auditing standard 3101, "the auditor's report on an audit of financial statements when the auditor expresses an unqualified opinion" ("as 3101"). as a result of as 3101, the most significant change to the auditor's report on the financial statements is a new requirement to describe critical audit matters arising from the audit of the current period's financial statements in the auditor's report. see the pcaob's "investor resource: critical audit matters (july 2019)" for additional information.
