item 1a.    risk factors.
in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below before deciding to invest in any of our securities. these risks and uncertainties, individually or in combination, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business is cyclical, resulting in periods of industry oversupply during which our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be negatively affected.
historically, selling prices for our products have fluctuated in response to periodic changes in supply and demand conditions. demand for nitrogen is affected by planted acreage, crop selection and fertilizer application rates, driven by population growth or changes in dietary habits and non-food use of crops, such as production of ethanol and other biofuels among other things. demand also includes industrial uses of nitrogen, for example chemical manufacturing and emissions reductants such as diesel exhaust fluid (def). supply is affected by available capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, government policies and global trade.
periods of strong demand, high capacity utilization and increasing operating margins tend to stimulate global investment in production capacity. in the last several years, fertilizer producers, including cf holdings, have built new production facilities or expanded capacity of existing production assets, or announced plans to do so. the construction of new nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing capacity in the industry, plus improvements to increase output from the existing production assets, increase nitrogen supply availability and affect the balance of supply and demand. in recent years, global nitrogen fertilizer capacity has increased faster than global nitrogen fertilizer demand, creating a surplus of global nitrogen fertilizer capacity, which led to lower nitrogen fertilizer selling prices in 2016 and 2017. for example, in the two-year period ended december 31, 2017, additional production capacity came on line and, at the same time, the average selling price for our products declined 34%, from $314 per ton in 2015 to $207 per ton in 2017.
additional production capacity is expected to come on line over the next 12 months outside of north america. we cannot predict the impact of this additional capacity. also, global or local economic and financial conditions or changes in such conditions, or other factors may cause acceleration of other announced and/or ongoing projects.
price fluctuations for our products result from changes in supply and demand. significant price fluctuations we experience could be symptoms of an oversupplied market in transition as new capacity ramps up, and production slows down or shuts down in high cost regions. additionally, trade flows adjust as imports into different regions of the world also impact the local supply and demand balances. if imports increase into an oversupplied region, lower prices in that region could result.
during periods of industry oversupply, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be affected negatively as the price at which we sell our products typically declines, resulting in possible reduced profit margins, write-downs in the value of our inventory and temporary or permanent curtailments of production. in 2016 and 2017, our financial performance, credit ratings and the trading price for our common stock were negatively impacted by the lower selling prices resulting from the global oversupply of nitrogen fertilizer. while the average selling price for our products has increased 3% in 2019 to $235 per ton compared to $229 per ton in 2018, the period of time that these oversupply conditions can persist and the degree to which they will impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is uncertain.
our products are global commodities, and we face intense global competition from other fertilizer producers.
we are subject to intense price competition from our competitors. most fertilizers are global commodities, with little or no product differentiation, and customers make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, customer service and product quality. as a consequence, conditions in the international market for nitrogen products significantly influence our operating results.
we compete with many producers, including state-owned and government-subsidized entities. some of our competitors have greater total resources and are less dependent on earnings from fertilizer sales, which make them less vulnerable to industry downturns and better positioned to pursue new expansion and development opportunities. furthermore, certain governments, in some cases as owners of some of our competitors, may be willing to accept lower prices and profitability on their products or subsidize production or consumption in order to support domestic employment or other political or social goals. our competitive position could suffer to the extent we are not able to expand our own resources, either through investments in new or existing operations or through acquisitions, joint ventures or partnerships.
china, the world's largest producer and consumer of nitrogen fertilizers, currently has significant capacity surplus and many high-cost plants. as a result, the domestic nitrogen industry in china is operating at less than full capacity. if chinese government policy, devaluation of the chinese renminbi, the relaxation of chinese environmental standards or decreases in cf industries holdings, inc.
chinese producers' underlying costs such as the price of chinese coal encourage increased production capacity utilization, any resulting export volume could adversely affect the balance between global supply and demand and may put downward pressure on global fertilizer prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our competitors in russia continue to benefit from non-market pricing of natural gas, allowing continued exports from the region, and have significant nitrogen fertilizer export capacity. the 2016 revocations of u.s. antidumping measures on solid urea and fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate from russia has allowed for increases in imports from that country in recent years.
we also face competition from other fertilizer producers in the middle east, europe, latin america and africa, who, depending on market conditions, fluctuating input prices, geographic location and freight economics, may take actions at times with respect to price or selling volumes that adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the international market for nitrogen products is influenced by such factors as currency exchange rates, including the relative value of the u.s. dollar and its impact upon the cost of importing of nitrogen products into the united states, foreign agricultural policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign markets and the laws and policies of the markets in which we operate, including the imposition of new duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade and investment. for example, the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas in a region can directly impact product pricing in that region, which can lead to changes in global trade flows and impact the global supply and demand balance and pricing. market participants customarily move product between regions of the world, or adjust trade flows, in response to these factors. north america, where we manufacture and sell most of our products, is one of the largest and most liquid nitrogen trading regions in the world. as a result, other manufacturers, traders and other market participants can move nitrogen products to north america when there is uncertainty over the supply and demand balance in other regions or when duties, tariffs or quotas impact prices or trade flows in other regions. as a result, duties, tariffs and quotas can lead to uncertainty in the global marketplace and impact the supply and demand balance in many regions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in april 2019, the european commission (the commission) published a regulation imposing provisional anti-dumping duties on imports to the european union of uan manufactured in russia, the republic of trinidad and tobago and the united states. the regulation included a rate of 22.6% for the provisional anti-dumping duty applicable to imports of uan manufactured in the united states. in july 2019, the commission announced its intention to impose definitive anti-dumping measures in the form of fixed duty rates. for imports of uan manufactured in the united states, the fixed duty rate is €29.48 per metric ton (or €26.74 per ton). on october 8, 2019, the commission confirmed this duty in a regulation imposing definitive measures, which became effective beginning october 9, 2019 for an initial five-year period, after which the measures may be renewed by the commission. the impact of this duty on the international market for nitrogen products, in the near and long term, is uncertain.
a decline in agricultural production or limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes could materially adversely affect the demand for our products.
conditions in the united states, europe, india, brazil, china and other global agricultural areas significantly impact our operating results. agricultural planted areas and production can be affected by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, crop disease and/or livestock disease, demand for agricultural products and governmental policies regarding production of or trade in agricultural products. these factors are outside of our control.
governmental policies, including farm and biofuel subsidies, commodity support programs and tariffs, as well as the prices of fertilizer products, may also directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops planted and the use of fertilizers for particular agricultural applications. ethanol production in the united states contributes significantly to corn demand, due in part to federal legislation mandating use of renewable fuels. an increase in ethanol production has led to an increase in the amount of corn grown in the united states and to increased fertilizer usage on both corn and other crops that have also benefited from improved farm economics. while the current renewable fuel standard encourages continued high levels of corn-based ethanol production, various interested parties have called to eliminate or reduce the renewable fuel mandate, or to eliminate or reduce corn-based ethanol as part of the renewable fuel mandate. this could have an adverse effect on corn-based ethanol production, planted corn acreage and fertilizer demand.
developments in crop technology, such as nitrogen fixation, the conversion of atmospheric nitrogen into compounds that plants can assimilate, or nitrogen-efficient varieties, or developments in alternatives to traditional animal feed or alternative proteins, could also reduce the use of chemical fertilizers and adversely affect the demand for our products. widespread adoption of emerging application technologies or alternative farming techniques could disrupt traditional application practices, affecting the volume or types of products used and timing of applications. in addition, from time to time various state cf industries holdings, inc.
legislatures have considered limitations on the use and application of chemical fertilizers due to concerns about the impact of these products on the environment. any reduction in the demand for chemical fertilizer products, including as a result of technological developments and/or limitations on the use and application of chemical fertilizers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business is dependent on natural gas, the prices of which are subject to volatility.
nitrogen from the atmosphere and hydrogen from natural gas, coal or other carbon energy feedstocks, are the fundamental building blocks of nitrogen fertilizers. our manufacturing processes utilize natural gas as the principal raw material used in our production of nitrogen fertilizers. we use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan), ammonium nitrate (an) and other nitrogen products.
most of our nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada. as a result, north american natural gas comprises a significant portion of the total production cost of our products. the price of natural gas in north america has been volatile in recent years. during 2019, the daily closing price at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america, reached a low of $1.82 per mmbtu on three consecutive days in december 2019 and a high of $4.12 per mmbtu on march 5, 2019. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2019, the daily closing price at the henry hub reached a low of $1.82 per mmbtu on three consecutive days in december 2019 and a high of $6.88 per mmbtu on january 4, 2018.
we also have manufacturing facilities located in the united kingdom. these facilities are subject to fluctuations associated with the price of natural gas in europe, which has also been volatile in recent years. the major natural gas trading point for the united kingdom is the national balancing point (nbp). during 2019, the daily closing price at nbp reached a low of $2.36 per mmbtu on september 4, 2019 and a high of $7.91 per mmbtu on january 17, 2019. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2019, the daily closing price at nbp reached a low of $2.36 per mmbtu on september 4, 2019 and a high of $31.74 per mmbtu on march 2, 2018.
changes in the supply of and demand for natural gas can lead to extended periods of higher natural gas prices. if high prices were to persist, especially during a period of low fertilizer selling prices, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the price of natural gas in north america and worldwide has been volatile in recent years and has declined on average due in part to the development of significant natural gas reserves, including shale gas, and the rapid improvement in shale gas extraction techniques, such as hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling. future production of natural gas from shale formations could be reduced by regulatory changes that restrict drilling or hydraulic fracturing or increase its cost or by reduction in oil exploration and development prompted by lower oil prices resulting in production of less associated gas.
certain of our operating facilities are located near natural gas hubs that have experienced increased natural gas development and have favorable basis differences as compared to other north american hubs. favorable basis differences in certain regions may dissipate over time due to increases in natural gas pipeline or storage capacity in those regions. additionally, basis differentials may become materially unfavorable due to a lack of inbound gas pipeline or storage capacity in other regions during periods of unusually high demand. increased demand for natural gas, particularly in the gulf coast region, due to increased industrial demand and increased natural gas exports could result in increased natural gas prices. if such reduced production, increased demand or changes in basis were to occur, or if other developments adversely impact the supply/demand balance for natural gas in north america or elsewhere, natural gas prices could rise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are dependent upon raw materials provided by third parties, and any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials may adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas and other raw materials in the manufacture of nitrogen products. we purchase the natural gas and other raw materials from third party suppliers. our natural gas is transported by pipeline to our facilities by third party transportation providers or through the use of facilities owned by third parties. delays or interruptions in the delivery of natural gas or other raw materials may be caused by, among other things, severe weather or natural disasters, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties, insolvency of our suppliers or their inability to meet existing contractual arrangements, deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents, or mechanical failures. in addition, the transport of natural gas by pipeline is subject to additional risks, including delays or interruptions caused by capacity constraints, leaks or ruptures. any delay or interruption in the delivery of natural gas or other raw materials, even for a limited period, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
our transportation and distribution activities rely on third party providers and are subject to environmental, safety and regulatory oversight. this exposes us to risks and uncertainties beyond our control that may adversely affect our operations and exposes us to additional liability.
we rely on natural gas pipelines to transport raw materials to our manufacturing facilities. in addition, we rely on railroad, truck, pipeline, barge and vessel companies, to coordinate and deliver finished products to our distribution system and to ship finished products to our customers. we also lease rail cars in order to ship raw materials and finished products. these transportation operations, equipment and services are subject to various hazards, including adverse operating conditions on the inland waterway system, extreme weather conditions, system failures, work stoppages, shutdowns, delays, accidents such as spills and derailments, vessel groundings and other accidents and operating hazards. additionally, due to the aging infrastructure of certain rail lines, bridges, roadways, pipelines, river locks, and equipment that our third party service providers utilize, we may experience delays in both the receipt of raw materials or the shipment of finished product while repairs, maintenance or replacement activities are conducted. also, certain third party service providers, such as railroads, have experienced periodic service delays or shutdowns due to capacity constraints in their systems, operational and maintenance difficulties, weather or safety-related embargoes and delays, and other events, which could impact the shipping of our products and cause disruption in our supply chain. for example, in september 2019, the portion of the magellan midstream partners lp (magellan) ammonia pipeline that connects to our verdigris, oklahoma complex was permanently shut down, resulting in the loss of future distribution of verdigris ammonia production through this pipeline. in addition, we expect that the portion of the magellan ammonia pipeline that connects to our port neal, iowa complex will permanently shut down in march 2020, which will result in the loss of future distribution of port neal ammonia production through this pipeline.
these transportation operations, equipment and services are also subject to environmental, safety, and regulatory oversight. due to concerns related to accidents, discharges or other releases of hazardous substances, terrorism or the potential use of fertilizers as explosives, governmental entities could implement new or more stringent regulatory requirements affecting the transportation of raw materials or finished products.
if shipping of our products is delayed or we are unable to obtain raw materials as a result of these transportation companies' failure to operate properly, or if new and more stringent regulatory requirements were implemented affecting transportation operations or equipment, or if there were significant increases in the cost of these services or equipment, our revenues and cost of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, increases in our transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in the united states and canada, the railroad industry continues various efforts to limit the railroads' potential liability stemming from the transportation of toxic inhalation hazard materials, such as the anhydrous ammonia we transport to and from our manufacturing and distribution facilities. for example, various railroads shift liability to shippers by contract, purport to shift liability to shippers by tariff, or otherwise seek to require shippers to indemnify and defend the railroads from and against liabilities (including in negligence, strict liability, or statutory liability) that may arise from certain acts or omissions of the railroads, third parties who may have insufficient resources, or the company, unknown causes or acts of god. these initiatives could materially and adversely affect our operating expenses and potentially our ability to transport anhydrous ammonia and increase our liability for releases of our anhydrous ammonia while in the care, custody and control of the railroads, third parties or us, for which our insurance may be insufficient or unavailable. new or more stringent regulatory requirements also could be implemented affecting the equipment used to ship our raw materials or finished products. restrictions on service, increases in transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, and any railroad industry initiatives that may impact our ability to transport our products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations and the production and handling of our products involve significant risks and hazards. we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. therefore, our insurance coverage may not adequately cover our losses.
our operations are subject to hazards inherent in the manufacture, transportation, storage and distribution of chemical products, including ammonia, which is highly toxic and corrosive. these hazards include: explosions; fires; severe weather and natural disasters; train derailments, collisions, vessel groundings and other transportation and maritime incidents; leaks and ruptures involving storage tanks, pipelines and rail cars; spills, discharges and releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents; mechanical failures; unscheduled plant downtime; labor difficulties and other risks. some of these hazards can cause bodily injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage, and may result in suspension of operations for an extended period of time and/or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities.
cf industries holdings, inc.
we maintain property, business interruption, casualty and liability insurance policies, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. if we were to incur significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we are subject to various self-retentions, deductibles and limits under these insurance policies. the policies also contain exclusions and conditions that could have a material adverse impact on our ability to receive indemnification thereunder. our policies are generally renewed annually. as a result of market conditions, our premiums, self-retentions and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. in addition, significantly increased costs could lead us to decide to reduce, or possibly eliminate, coverage. there can be no assurance that we will be able to buy and maintain insurance with adequate limits and reasonable pricing terms and conditions.
in april 2013, there was a fire and explosion at the west fertilizer co. fertilizer storage and distribution facility in west, texas. according to published reports, 15 people were killed and approximately 200 people were injured in the incident, and the fire and explosion damaged or destroyed a number of homes and buildings around the facility. various subsidiaries of cf industries holdings, inc. (the cf entities) were named as defendants along with other companies in lawsuits filed in 2013, 2014 and 2015 in the district court of mclennan county, texas by the city of west, individual residents of the county and other parties seeking recovery for damages allegedly sustained as a result of the explosion. the cases were consolidated for discovery and pretrial proceedings in the district court of mclennan county under the caption "in re: west explosion cases." the two-year statute of limitations expired on april 17, 2015. as of that date, over 400 plaintiffs had filed claims, including at least 9 entities, 325 individuals, and 80 insurance companies. plaintiffs allege various theories of negligence, strict liability, and breach of warranty under texas law. although we do not own or operate the facility or directly sell our products to west fertilizer co., products that the cf entities manufactured and sold to others were delivered to the facility and may have been stored at the west facility at the time of the incident. the court granted in part and denied in part the cf entities' motions for summary judgment in august 2015. over two hundred cases have been resolved pursuant to confidential settlements that have been or we expect will be fully funded by insurance. the remaining cases are in various stages of discovery and pre-trial proceedings. the next group of cases was reset for trial beginning on september 14, 2020. we believe we have strong legal and factual defenses and intend to continue defending the cf entities vigorously in the pending lawsuits. the increased focus on the risks associated with fertilizers as a result of the incident could impact the regulatory environment and requirements applicable to fertilizer manufacturing and storage facilities.
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our cash flow, prevent us from fulfilling our obligations and impair our ability to pursue or achieve other business objectives.
as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $4.0 billion of total funded indebtedness, consisting primarily of secured and unsecured senior notes with varying maturity dates between 2021 and 2044, or approximately 41% of our total capitalization, and an additional $750 million of senior secured borrowing availability (reflecting no outstanding borrowings and no outstanding letters of credit) for general corporate purposes under our senior secured revolving credit agreement (as amended, the revolving credit agreement). our substantial debt service obligations will have an impact on our earnings and cash flow for so long as the indebtedness is outstanding.
our substantial indebtedness could, as a result of our debt service obligations or through the operation of the financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under the agreements and instruments governing that indebtedness and otherwise, have important consequences. for example, it could:
•   make it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because any related decrease in revenues could cause us not to have sufficient cash flows from operations to make our scheduled debt payments;
•   cause us to be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions;
•   cause us to use a portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service, reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital and capital expenditures, and other business activities;
•   cause us to be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   expose us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, could be at variable rates of interest;
•   make us more leveraged than some of our competitors, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage;
•   restrict our ability to dispose of assets or otherwise restrict our use of funds from the disposal of assets;
•   restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or utilize excess cash to repurchase shares of our common stock;
cf industries holdings, inc.
•   limit our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; and
•   result in a downgrade in the credit rating of our indebtedness which could increase the cost of further borrowings.
we expect to consider options to refinance our outstanding indebtedness from time to time. our ability to obtain any financing, whether through the issuance of new debt securities or otherwise, and the terms of any such financing are dependent on, among other things, our financial condition, financial market conditions within our industry and generally, credit ratings and numerous other factors, including factors beyond our control. consequently, in the event that we need to access the credit markets, including to refinance our debt, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable timeframe, if at all. an inability to obtain financing with acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the terms of our existing indebtedness allow us to incur significant additional debt in the future. if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks that we face as a result of our leverage could intensify. if our financial condition or operating results deteriorate, our relations with our creditors, including the holders of our outstanding debt securities, the lenders under our revolving credit agreement and our suppliers, may be materially and adversely affected.
a failure to satisfy the financial maintenance covenants under our revolving credit agreement or a breach of the covenants under any of the agreements governing our indebtedness could limit the borrowing availability under our revolving credit agreement or result in an event of default under such agreements.
our ability to comply with the covenants in the agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness, including the consolidated interest coverage ratio and consolidated net leverage ratio maintenance covenants contained in our revolving credit agreement, will depend upon our future performance and various other factors, such as market prices for our nitrogen products, natural gas prices and other business, competitive and regulatory factors, many of which are beyond our control. we may not be able to maintain compliance with all of these covenants. in that event, we may not be able to access the borrowing availability under our revolving credit agreement and we would need to seek an amendment to our debt agreements or would need to refinance our indebtedness. there can be no assurance that we can obtain future amendments or waivers of our debt agreements and instruments, or refinance our debt, and, even if we were able to do so, such relief might only last for a limited period, potentially necessitating additional amendments, waivers or refinancings. any noncompliance by us with the covenants under our debt agreements and instruments could result in an event of default under those debt agreements and instruments. an event of default under an agreement or instrument governing any of our indebtedness may allow our creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. if our lenders or holders of our debt securities accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may be forced to liquidate certain assets to repay all or part of our indebtedness, which could materially and adversely impair our business operations. an event of default under our revolving credit agreement would permit the lenders thereunder to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under our revolving credit agreement. furthermore, our revolving credit agreement and senior secured notes provide for liens on specified collateral to secure our obligations thereunder, and if we were unable to repay amounts due and payable under our revolving credit agreement or the senior secured notes, our revolving credit agreement lenders or holders of the senior secured notes, as applicable, could proceed against the collateral granted to them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in the event our creditors accelerate the repayment of our indebtedness, we cannot assure that we would have sufficient assets to make such repayment.
potential future downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect our access to capital, cause vendors to change their credit terms for doing business with us, and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on us.
as of february 18, 2020, our corporate credit rating by s&p global ratings is bb+ with a positive outlook; our corporate credit rating by moody's investor services, inc. is ba1 with a stable outlook; and our corporate credit rating with fitch ratings, inc. is bb+ with a positive outlook.
these ratings and our current credit condition affect, among other things, our ability to access new capital, especially debt, as well as the payment terms that vendors are willing to provide us. negative changes in these ratings may result in more stringent covenants and higher interest rates under the terms of any new debt, and could cause vendors to shorten our payment terms, require us to pay in advance for materials or services, or provide letters of credit, security, or other credit enhancements in order to do business with us.
cf industries holdings, inc.
we are subject to risks relating to our information technology systems, and any technology disruption or cybersecurity incident could negatively affect our operations.
we rely on internal and third-party information technology and computer control systems in many aspects of our business, including internal and external communications, the management of our accounting, financial and supply chain functions and plant operations. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. in addition, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. security breaches of our systems (or the systems of our customers, suppliers or other business partners) could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, business partners, customers or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability.
as with most large systems, our information technology systems have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. to date, we are not aware of any significant impact on our operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could: interrupt our operations at one or more sites; delay production and shipments; result in the theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets; damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation; result in legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy or other laws, or increased costs for security and remediation; or raise concerns regarding our accounting for transactions. each of these consequences could adversely affect our business, reputation and our financial statements.
our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our employees, customers, and suppliers. the protection of such information, as well as our proprietary information, is critical to us. the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. we have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our employees, customers or suppliers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us or our employees, customers, suppliers or other individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. these events could also damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business.
adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations.
weather conditions that delay or disrupt field work during the planting, growing, harvesting or application periods may cause agricultural customers to use different forms of nitrogen fertilizer, which may adversely affect demand for the forms that we sell or may impede farmers from applying our fertilizers until the following application period, resulting in lower seasonal demand for our products.
adverse weather conditions during or following harvest may delay or eliminate opportunities to apply fertilizer in the fall. weather can also have an adverse effect on crop yields, which could lower the income of growers and impair their ability to purchase fertilizer from our customers. adverse weather conditions could also impact transportation of fertilizer, which could disrupt our ability to deliver our products to customers on a timely basis. our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather-related shifts in fertilizer applications, planting schedules and purchasing patterns. over the longer-term, changes in weather patterns may shift the periods of demand for products and even the regions to which our products are distributed, which could require us to evolve our distribution system.
in addition, we use the north american waterway system extensively to ship products from some of our manufacturing facilities to our distribution facilities and our customers, and we also export nitrogen fertilizer products via seagoing vessels from deep-water docking facilities at certain of our manufacturing sites. therefore, persistent significant changes in river or ocean water levels (either up or down, such as a result of flooding or drought for example), may require changes to our operating and distribution activities and/or significant capital improvements to our facilities.
cf industries holdings, inc.
weather conditions or, in certain cases, weather forecasts, also can disrupt our operations and can affect the price of natural gas, the principal raw material used to make our nitrogen fertilizer products. colder and/or longer than normal winters and warmer than normal summers increase the demand for natural gas for power generation and for residential and industrial use, which can increase the cost and/or decrease the availability of natural gas. in addition, adverse weather events can not only cause loss of power at our facilities disrupting our operations, but also can impact the supply of natural gas and utilities and cause prices to rise.
tax matters, including changes in tax laws or rates, adverse determinations by taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to taxes in (i) the united states, where most of our operations are located, and (ii) numerous foreign jurisdictions where our subsidiaries are organized or conduct business. tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may be subject to significant change. our future effective tax rate could also be affected by changes in our mix of earnings from countries with differing statutory tax rates and tax systems, changes in valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. we have certain net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards (collectively, the tax loss carryforwards) that are available to reduce taxable income and thereby, reduce cash taxes. as a result of the effective usage of certain of these tax loss carryforwards to offset current cash taxes payable, there are no u.s. federal tax loss carryforwards remaining as of december 31, 2019. as a result, we expect an increase in cash taxes in 2020, before taking into account income tax refunds related to the settlement of the terra industries inc. amended tax returns.
we are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the internal revenue service (irs) and other taxing authorities in jurisdictions where we conduct business. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties. there can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
we have used the cash we generate outside the united states primarily to fund development of our business in non-u.s. jurisdictions. if the funds generated by our u.s. business are not sufficient to meet our need for cash in the united states, we may need to repatriate a portion of our future international earnings to the united states. under the tax laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, those international earnings could be subject to withholding taxes when repatriated; therefore, the repatriation of those earnings could result in an increase in our worldwide effective tax rate and an increase in our use of cash to pay these taxes.
we also need to comply with other new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. the enactment of, or increases in, tariffs or value added taxes, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
on december 22, 2017, the president of the united states signed into law the tax cut and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act" or "tax reform"). the tax act significantly changes how the u.s. taxes corporations. the tax act requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required in u.s. tax law, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the tax act, significant estimates in these calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies are in the process of issuing guidance on how the provisions of the tax act will be applied or otherwise administered that could be different from the interpretation currently reflected in our financial statements or tax returns. some of this guidance could be retroactive back to the effective date of the tax act. as new or amended guidance is issued with respect to the tax act, we may need to record adjustments to amounts previously recorded for taxes and such adjustments could have a material impact on our provision for income taxes in the period in which such adjustments are made.
in addition, foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to the tax act that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
the united states and other countries in which we operate are in the process of implementing the organization for economic co-operation and development's (oecd) base erosion and profit shifting project (beps). beps is intended to improve tax disclosure and transparency and eliminate structures and activities that could be perceived by a particular country as resulting in tax avoidance. the oecd is currently developing a framework in order to assist member countries in adopting beps related legislation. each country is permitted to introduce its own legislation to implement beps legislation. as a number of our business operations do business across country lines, we are subject to beps. the implementation of beps could result in tax changes and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows. in cf industries holdings, inc.
some cases, beps legislation could result in double taxation in a portion of our profits without an appropriate mechanism to recover the incremental tax amount in another jurisdiction.
we are reliant on a limited number of key facilities.
our nitrogen fertilizer operations are located at nine separate nitrogen complexes, the largest of which is the donaldsonville complex, which represented approximately 40% of our ammonia production capacity as of december 31, 2019. the suspension of operations at any of these complexes could adversely affect our ability to produce our products and fulfill our commitments, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. operational disruptions could occur for many reasons, including natural disasters, weather, unplanned maintenance and other manufacturing problems, disease, strikes or other labor unrest or transportation interruptions. for example, our donaldsonville complex is located in an area of the united states that experiences a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity and several of our complexes are located in areas that experience severe weather. such storms, depending on their severity and location, have the potential not only to damage our facilities and disrupt our operations, but also to affect adversely the shipping and distribution of our products. moreover, our facilities may be subject to failure of equipment that may be difficult to replace or have long delivery lead times and could result in operational disruptions.
we are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements, as well as potential environmental liabilities, which may require us to make substantial expenditures.
we are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the united states, canada, the united kingdom, the european union, the republic of trinidad and tobago and other locations, including laws and regulations relating to the generation and handling of hazardous substances and wastes; the cleanup of hazardous substance releases; the discharge of regulated substances to air or water; and the demolition of existing plant sites upon permanent closure. in the united states, these laws include the clean air act, the clean water act, the resource conservation and recovery act, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla), the toxic substances control act and various other federal, state, provincial, local and international laws.
as a producer of nitrogen fertilizer products working with hazardous substances, our business faces risks of spills, discharges or other releases of those substances into the environment. certain environmental laws, including cercla, impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for cleanup costs on persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. given the nature of our business, we have incurred, are incurring currently, and are likely to incur periodically in the future, liabilities under cercla and other environmental cleanup laws at our current facilities or facilities previously owned by us or other acquired businesses, adjacent or nearby third-party facilities or offsite disposal locations. the costs associated with future cleanup activities that we may be required to conduct or finance may be material. additionally, we may become liable to third parties for damages, including personal injury and property damage, resulting from the disposal or release of hazardous substances into the environment.
violations of environmental, health and safety laws can result in substantial penalties, court orders to install pollution-control equipment, civil and criminal sanctions, permit revocations and facility shutdowns. environmental, health and safety laws change regularly and have tended to become more stringent over time. as a result, we have not always been and may not always be in compliance with all environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. we may be subject to more stringent enforcement of existing or new environmental, health and safety laws in the future. additionally, future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or reinterpretation of current laws and regulations may require us to make substantial expenditures. our costs to comply with, or any liabilities under, these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
from time to time, our production, distribution or storage of anhydrous ammonia has resulted in accidental releases that have temporarily disrupted our operations and/or resulted in liability for administrative penalties and/or claims for personal injury. to date, our costs to resolve these liabilities have not been material. however, we could incur significant costs if our liability coverage is not sufficient to pay for all or a large part of any judgments against us, or if our insurance carrier refuses coverage for these losses.
we hold numerous environmental and other governmental permits and approvals authorizing operations at each of our facilities. expansion or modification of our operations is predicated upon securing necessary environmental or other permits or approvals. a decision by a government agency to deny or delay issuing a new or renewed regulatory material permit or approval, or to revoke or substantially modify an existing permit or approval, or a determination that we have violated a law or permit as a result of a governmental inspection of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue operations at our facilities and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
future regulatory or legislative restrictions on greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions in the jurisdictions in which we operate could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to ghg regulations in the united kingdom, canada and the united states. in the united states, our existing facilities currently are only subject to ghg emissions reporting obligations, although new facilities that we build, or existing facilities that we modify in the future, could be subject to ghg emissions standards included in their air permits. our facilities in the united kingdom are subject to the european union emissions trading system (eu ets), which generally require us to hold or obtain emissions allowances to offset ghg emissions from those aspects of our operations that are subject to regulation under this program. the european union has announced changes to the eu ets to increase the pace of emissions cuts beginning in 2021. notwithstanding the exit of the united kingdom from the european union (brexit) on january 31, 2020, facilities in the united kingdom will remain subject to the eu ets at least through the end of 2020. although there is uncertainty about the ghg regulations that will apply thereafter, a framework similar to the eu ets is a likely outcome.
beginning in 2018, the medicine hat nitrogen complex, which had been subject to alberta's specified gas emitters regulation, became subject to alberta's new carbon competitiveness incentive regulation (ccir). this regulation established product-specific benchmarks based on the most efficient ghg emitting facilities in a sector. a facility with emissions that exceed the applicable benchmark was required to take action to reduce its ghg emissions intensity, purchase emissions offsets or performance credits, or make contributions to alberta's climate fund. in 2019, the new alberta government passed the technology innovation and emission reduction implementation act (tier), which replaced the ccir and went into effect on january 1, 2020. the tier requires large emitting facilities (other than electricity producers, who are subject to a different standard) to comply with the least stringent of a "facility-specific" benchmark of 90% of historical ghg emissions intensity from a three-year baseline, which intensity limit will be reduced by 1% a year beginning in 2021, or a benchmark reflecting the emissions intensity of the top 10% of facilities for a given sector. the compliance options under the tier are similar to the compliance options under ccir. the federal government had formally determined that alberta's ccir meets its stringency requirements and did not impose the output-based performance system (obps), also called the "federal backstop," which is being implemented by environment and climate change canada (eccc) pursuant to the federal greenhouse pollution pricing act (gppa) that came into effect in june 2018. in december 2019, the federal government announced that the tier meets federal stringency benchmarking criteria for 2020, so the obps will not be imposed in alberta. in addition, the tier set the price for payments into its carbon fund at $30 per ton (the same effective price as set in the ccir). this could also result in regulated facilities in alberta being subject to the obps beginning in 2021, when the effective price of carbon pursuant to the obps rises to $40 per ton of excess co2e.
the courtright nitrogen complex had been subject to ontario's ghg cap-and-trade program beginning in january 2017, but the conservative government elected in june 2018 rescinded that program in one of its first acts. because ontario no longer had a ghg regulatory regime, the federal government imposed the obps in the province beginning in 2019. in july 2019, the new ontario government enacted a new ghg regulation, called the emissions performance standards program (eps), which sets co2e emissions limits for nitrogen products based on a production-weighted sectoral average. for facilities whose carbon emissions exceed the applicable limits, compliance options include the purchase of emissions performance units for a fee of $20 per ton of excess co2e for calendar year 2020, which fee will rise by $10 per ton each year through 2023. except for registration and recordkeeping provisions, the eps will not go into effect until the federal government determines that the regulation satisfies the federal stringency requirements, at which time the eps would replace the opbs in ontario.
with respect to the obps, in june 2019 the eccc finalized the emissions limits for co2e emissions from nitrogen fertilizer products. these emission limits are based on 95% of the average emissions intensity for the production of such products from all canadian nitrogen fertilizer plants, reflecting that such products are deemed to be energy-intensive and trade-exposed and thus subject to a less stringent emissions reduction requirement. a facility whose carbon emissions exceed the applicable limits will be required to offset excess emissions by obtaining and retiring surplus emission credits; obtaining qualifying emission offsets; or paying a fee of $20 per ton of excess co2e for calendar year 2019, which fee will rise by $10 per ton each year through 2022. ontario and saskatchewan are challenging whether the federal government has jurisdiction to impose a federal carbon price on the provinces and territories. the saskatchewan court of appeal (in may 2019) and the ontario court of appeal (in june 2019) each held that the gppa was validly enacted under the canadian constitution. ontario and saskatchewan both appealed these decisions to the supreme court of canada and oral arguments are scheduled for march 2020. in june 2019, alberta filed a legal challenge to the constitutionality of the gppa, notwithstanding that the question will be resolved by the pending supreme court appeals.
there are substantial uncertainties as to the nature, stringency and timing of any future ghg regulations in other jurisdiction, including the united states. on december 12, 2015, 195 countries adopted by consensus a new international agreement known as the paris agreement. the paris agreement, which was accepted by the united states and ratified by canada and the united kingdom, went into effect in november 2016. in june 2017, the united states announced its intention to cf industries holdings, inc.
withdraw from the paris agreement, subject to renegotiation of the paris agreement on terms more favorable to the united states. on november 4, 2019, the united states submitted formal notice of its withdrawal from the paris agreement, which will become effective on november 4, 2020. to date, the united states is the only signatory to withdraw from the paris agreement. if the paris agreement remains in effect, it could result in more aggressive efforts to reduce ghg emissions in the jurisdictions in which we operate.
more stringent ghg regulations, if they are enacted, are likely to have a significant impact on us, because our production facilities emit ghgs such as carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide and because natural gas, a fossil fuel, is a primary raw material used in our nitrogen production process. regulation of ghgs may require us to make changes in our operating activities that would increase our operating costs, reduce our efficiency, limit our output, require us to make capital improvements to our facilities, increase our costs for or limit the availability of energy, raw materials or transportation, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, to the extent that ghg restrictions are not imposed in countries where our competitors operate or are less stringent than regulations that may be imposed in the united states, canada or the united kingdom, our competitors may have cost or other competitive advantages over us.
we may not be successful in the expansion of our business.
we routinely consider possible expansions of our business, both within the united states and elsewhere. major investments in our business, including as a result of acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments require significant managerial resources, the diversion of which from our other activities may impair the operation of our business. we may be unable to identify or successfully compete for certain acquisition targets, which may hinder or prevent us from acquiring a target or completing other transactions. the risks of any expansion of our business through investments, acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or business combination transactions are increased due to the significant capital and other resources that we may have to commit to any such expansion, which may not be recoverable if the expansion initiative to which they were devoted is ultimately not implemented. as a result of these and other factors, including general economic risk, we may not be able to realize our projected returns from any future acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments. among the risks associated with the pursuit and consummation of acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or other major investments or business combinations are those involving:
•   difficulties in integrating the parties' operations, systems, technologies, products and personnel;
•   incurrence of significant transaction-related expenses;
•   potential integration or restructuring costs;
•   potential impairment charges related to the goodwill, intangible assets or other assets to which any such transaction relates, in the event that the economic benefits of such transaction prove to be less than anticipated;
•   other unanticipated costs associated with such transactions;
•   our ability to achieve operating and financial efficiencies, synergies and cost savings;
•   our ability to obtain the desired financial or strategic benefits from any such transaction;
•   the parties' ability to retain key business relationships, including relationships with employees, customers, partners and suppliers;
•   potential loss of key personnel;
•   entry into markets or involvement with products with which we have limited current or prior experience or in which competitors may have stronger positions;
•   assumption of contingent liabilities, including litigation;
•   exposure to unanticipated liabilities;
•   differences in the parties' internal control environments, which may require significant time and resources to resolve in conformity with applicable legal and accounting standards;
•   increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations;
•   the tax effects of any such transaction; and
•   the potential for costly and time-consuming litigation, including stockholder lawsuits.
international acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, investments or business combinations and other international expansions of our business involve additional risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to:
•   the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;
•   challenges caused by distance and by language and cultural differences;
•   difficulties and costs of complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;
•   unexpected changes in regulatory environments;
cf industries holdings, inc.
•   political and economic instability, including the possibility for civil unrest;
•   nationalization of properties by foreign governments;
•   tax rates that may exceed those in the united states, and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements;
•   the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions; and
•   the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations.
if we finance acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted or we could face constraints under the terms of, and as a result of the repayment and debt-service obligations under, the additional indebtedness. a business combination transaction between us and another company could result in our stockholders receiving cash or shares of another entity on terms that such stockholders may not consider desirable. moreover, the regulatory approvals associated with a business combination may result in divestitures or other changes to our business, the effects of which are difficult to predict.
our operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. our inability to predict future seasonal fertilizer demand accurately could result in our having excess inventory, potentially at costs in excess of market value, or product shortages.
the fertilizer business is seasonal. the degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. the strongest demand for our products in north america occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall harvest. in contrast, we and other fertilizer producers generally manufacture and distribute products throughout the year. as a result, we and/or our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year to ensure timely product availability during the peak sales seasons. seasonality is greatest for ammonia due to the short application seasons and the limited ability of our customers and their customers to store significant quantities of this product. the seasonality of fertilizer demand generally results in our sales volumes and net sales being the highest during the spring and our working capital requirements being the highest just prior to the start of the spring planting season.
if seasonal demand is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory that will have to be stored (in which case our results of operations would be negatively affected by any related increased storage costs) or liquidated (in which case the selling price could be below our production, procurement and storage costs). the risks associated with excess inventory and product shortages are exacerbated by the volatility of nitrogen fertilizer prices and the relatively brief periods during which farmers can apply nitrogen fertilizers. if prices for our products rapidly decrease, we may be subject to inventory write-downs, adversely affecting our operating results. if seasonal demand is greater than we expect, we may experience product shortages, and customers of ours may turn to our competitors for products that they would otherwise have purchased from us.
a change in the volume of products that our customers purchase on a forward basis, or the percentage of our sales volume that is sold to our customers on a forward basis, could increase our exposure to fluctuations in our profit margins and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and delivery dates we propose. under our forward sales programs, customers generally make an initial cash down payment at the time of order and pay the remaining portion of the contract sales value in advance of the shipment date. forward sales improve our liquidity due to the cash payments received from customers in advance of shipment of the product and allow us to improve our production scheduling and planning and the utilization of our manufacturing and distribution assets.
any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until the related orders are shipped, which can take up to several months.
we believe the ability to purchase products on a forward basis is most appealing to our customers during periods of generally increasing prices for nitrogen fertilizers. our customers may be less willing or even unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis during periods of generally decreasing or stable prices or during periods of relatively high fertilizer prices due to the expectation of lower prices in the future or limited capital resources. in periods of rising fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in lower profit margins than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. conversely, in periods of declining fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in higher profit margins than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. in addition, fixing the selling prices of our products, often months in advance of their ultimate delivery to customers, typically causes our reported selling prices and margins to differ from spot market prices and margins available at the time of shipment.
cf industries holdings, inc.
our business is subject to risks involving derivatives and the risk that our hedging activities might not prevent losses.
we may utilize natural gas derivatives to hedge our financial exposure to the price volatility of natural gas, the principal raw material used in the production of nitrogen-based products. we have used natural gas futures, swaps and option contracts traded in over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. we have also used fixed-price, physical purchase and sales contracts to hedge our exposure to natural gas price volatility. in order to manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we may from time to time use foreign currency derivatives (primarily forward exchange contracts).
our use of derivatives can result in volatility in reported earnings due to the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments that occur from changes in the value of the derivatives that do not qualify for, or to which we do not apply, hedge accounting. to the extent that our derivative positions lose value, we may be required to post collateral with our counterparties, adversely affecting our liquidity.
hedging arrangements are imperfect and unhedged risks will always exist. in addition, our hedging activities may themselves give rise to various risks that could adversely affect us. for example, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk when our derivatives are in a net asset position. the counterparties to our derivatives are multi-national commercial banks, major financial institutions or large energy companies.
our liquidity could be negatively impacted by a counterparty default on settlement of one or more of our derivative financial instruments or by the triggering of any cross default provisions or credit support requirements against us. additionally, the international swaps and derivative association master netting arrangements for most of our derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features, such as cross default provisions and credit support requirements. in the event of certain defaults or a credit ratings downgrade, our counterparty may request early termination and net settlement of certain derivative trades or may require us to collateralize derivatives in a net liability position.
at other times we may not utilize derivatives or derivative strategies to hedge certain risks or to reduce the financial exposure of price volatility. as a result, we may not prevent certain material adverse impacts that could have been mitigated through the use of derivative strategies.
we are subject to risk associated with our strategic venture with chs inc. (chs).
we may not realize the full benefits from our strategic venture with chs that are expected. the realization of the expected benefits of the chs strategic venture depends on our ability to operate and manage the strategic venture successfully, and on the market prices of the nitrogen fertilizer products that are the subject of our supply agreement with chs over the life of the agreement, among other factors. additionally, any challenges related to the chs strategic venture could harm our relationships with chs or our other customers.
we are exposed to risks associated with our joint venture in point lisas nitrogen limited (plnl).
we have a 50% ownership interest in plnl, which owns and operates an ammonia production facility in the republic of trinidad and tobago. our joint venture partner shares a measure of control over the operations of our plnl joint venture. as a result, our investment in our plnl joint venture involves risks that are different from the risks involved in owning facilities and operations independently. these risks include the possibility that our plnl joint venture or our partner: have economic or business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent with our economic or business interests or goals; are in a position to take action contrary to (or have veto rights over) our instructions, requests, policies or objectives; subject our plnl joint venture to liabilities exceeding those contemplated; take actions that reduce our return on investment; or take actions that harm our reputation or restrict our ability to run our business.
in addition, we may become involved in disputes with our plnl joint venture partner, which could lead to impasses or situations that could harm the joint venture, which could reduce our revenues or increase our costs.
plnl's ammonia plant relies on natural gas supplied, under a gas sales contract (the ngc contract), by the national gas company of trinidad and tobago limited (ngc). the joint venture experienced past curtailments in the supply of natural gas from ngc, which reduced the ammonia production at plnl. the ngc contract had an initial expiration date of september 2018 and was extended on the same terms until september 2023. any ngc commitment to supply gas beyond 2023 will be based on new agreements. failure to secure a long-term gas supply from ngc after 2023 on a cost effective basis could adversely affect our ability to produce ammonia at the joint venture and could result in further impairment to the value of the joint venture, such as ceasing operations and writing off the remaining investment in plnl, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
cf industries holdings, inc.
in 2016 and 2015, we recognized impairment charges of $134 million and $62 million, respectively, related to plnl as part of our impairment assessments of our equity method investment in plnl. the carrying value of our equity method investment in plnl at december 31, 2019 is $88 million.
acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism could negatively affect our business.
like other companies with major industrial facilities, we may be targets of terrorist activities. many of our plants and facilities store significant quantities of ammonia and other materials that can be dangerous if mishandled. any damage to infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, or injury to employees, who could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism, may affect our operations. any disruption of our ability to produce or distribute our products could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
due to concerns related to terrorism or the potential use of certain fertilizers as explosives, we are subject to various security laws and regulations. in the united states, these security laws include the maritime transportation security act of 2002 and the chemical facilities anti-terrorism standards regulation. in addition, president obama issued in 2013 executive order 13650 improving chemical facility safety and security to improve chemical facility safety in coordination with owners and operators. governmental entities could implement new or impose more stringent regulations affecting the security of our plants, terminals and warehouses or the transportation and use of fertilizers. these regulations could result in higher operating costs or limitations on the sale of our products and could result in significant unanticipated costs, lower revenues and reduced profit margins. we manufacture and sell certain nitrogen products that can be used as explosives. it is possible that governmental entities in the united states or elsewhere could impose additional limitations on the use, sale or distribution of nitrogen products, thereby limiting our ability to manufacture or sell those products, or that illicit use of our products could result in liability for us.
in october 2016, the department of homeland security (dhs) released its new chemical security assessment tool (csat 2.0) surveys and enhanced risk tiering methodology. facilities that had previously submitted a survey response to the dhs were notified to resubmit responses to online questionnaires to be evaluated through the revised and enhanced risk tiering methodology. in april 2017, the dhs began sending tiering determination letters to chemical facilities based on the new methodology. we have submitted security plans to dhs for certain of our plants and terminals that have been identified as enhanced risks as a result of this process and anticipate based on comments received by dhs that we may be required to implement additional measures related to chemical security, beyond what we have implemented, at one or more of our facilities.
we are subject to risks associated with international operations.
our international business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; unexpected changes in regulatory environments; currency fluctuations; tax rates that may exceed those in the united states; earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements; and the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions.
changes in governmental trade policies can lead to the imposition of new duties, tariffs or quotas affecting agricultural commodities, fertilizer or industrial products. these can alter trade flows, access to supplies or demand, and regional balances for our products.
our principal reporting currency is the u.s. dollar and our business operations and investments outside the united states increase our risk related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. the main currencies to which we are exposed, besides the u.s. dollar, are the canadian dollar, the british pound and the euro. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change, including, for example, in response to sudden global economic conditions resulting from measures like the referendum in the united kingdom in june 2016, which resulted in a vote in favor of exiting the european union (brexit), which is further discussed below. we may selectively reduce some foreign currency exchange rate risk by, among other things, requiring contracted purchases of our products to be settled in, or indexed to, the u.s. dollar or a currency freely convertible into u.s. dollars, or hedging through foreign currency derivatives. these efforts, however, may not be effective and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
with regard to brexit, on january 31, 2020, the united kingdom left the european union (eu). while the united kingdom will no longer be a member of the eu, it will still be subject to eu rules and remain a member of the customs union for a period of time as it negotiates the rules to be applied to future trading, taxes, and other relationships. we operate two nitrogen manufacturing facilities in the united kingdom, which utilize foreign-sourced materials and equipment, and which also export products in addition to serving customers in the united kingdom. brexit, including its indirect effects, could impact cf industries holdings, inc.
us in the future. for example, the cost and availability of natural gas or other raw materials or equipment that we purchase and the demand or selling prices for the nitrogen products that we sell, could be impacted by additions, deletions or changes to tariffs, duties, trade restrictions or other factors. brexit could lead to changes in trade flows, trading relationships, the movement of production to alternative locations, or the curtailment of certain production at certain sites. it could also lead to changes in the regulatory environment in which we operate, including, as discussed above, the risk of more stringent restrictions on ghg emissions. brexit could also impact foreign exchange rates or u.k. interest rates, which could impact our operations or the valuation of our assets and liabilities. since the u.k. referendum in june 2016, the united kingdom has experienced increases in the volatility of foreign exchange rates, which impacts our operations as discussed above. as a result of the uncertainty of brexit, including its indirect effects, changes in the future profitability, asset utilization, or business valuation of our u.k. operations could negatively impact us and may result in an impairment of our long-lived assets or goodwill. as of december 31, 2019, long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, related to the united kingdom were $708 million, and goodwill was $275 million.
we are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations and economic sanctions programs in various jurisdictions, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, the united kingdom bribery act of 2010, the canadian corruption of foreign public officials act, and economic sanctions programs administered by the united nations, the european union and the office of foreign assets control of the u.s. department of the treasury, and regulations set forth under the comprehensive iran accountability divestment act. as a result of doing business internationally, we are exposed to a risk of violating anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations applicable in those countries where we, our partners or agents operate. violations of anti-corruption and sanctions laws and regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts (and termination of existing contracts) and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. the violation of applicable laws by our employees, consultants, agents or partners could subject us to penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to antitrust and competition laws in various countries throughout the world. we cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and enforcement will change over time. changes in antitrust laws globally, or in their interpretation, administration or enforcement, may limit our existing or future operations and growth.
deterioration of global market and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a slowdown of, or persistent weakness in, economic activity caused by a deterioration of global market and economic conditions could adversely affect our business in the following ways, among others: conditions in the credit markets could affect the ability of our customers and their customers to obtain sufficient credit to support their operations; the failure of our customers to fulfill their purchase obligations could result in increases in bad debts and impact our working capital; and the failure of certain key suppliers could increase our exposure to disruptions in supply or to financial losses. we also may experience declining demand and falling prices for some of our products due to our customers' reluctance to replenish inventories. changes in global economic conditions can arise suddenly and the full impact of such changes can be difficult to ascertain, resulting in anxiety among market participants that can persist for protracted periods. for example, concern and uncertainty over the impact of brexit on the global economy has resulted in increased volatility in global financial markets. the overall impact of changes in global economic conditions on us is difficult to predict, and our business could be materially adversely impacted.
cf industries holdings, inc.
forward looking statements from time to time, in this annual report on form 10-k as well as in other written reports and oral statements, we make forward-looking statements that are not statements of historical fact and may involve a number of risks and uncertainties. these statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. these statements may also relate to our prospects, future developments and business strategies. we have used the words "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "will" or "would" and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, to identify forward-looking statements in this document. these forward-looking statements are made based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data, our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industries and markets in which we operate and management's beliefs and assumptions concerning future events affecting us. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. therefore, our actual results may differ materially from what is expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements. we want to caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. we do not undertake any responsibility to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after the date of this document. additionally, we do not undertake any responsibility to provide updates regarding the occurrence of any unanticipated events which may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this document.
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed under "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. such factors include, among others:
•   the cyclical nature of our business and the impact of global supply and demand on our selling prices;
•   the global commodity nature of our fertilizer products, the conditions in the international market for nitrogen products, and the intense global competition from other fertilizer producers;
•   conditions in the united states, europe and other agricultural areas;
•   the volatility of natural gas prices in north america and europe;
•   difficulties in securing the supply and delivery of raw materials, increases in their costs or delays or interruptions in their delivery;
•   reliance on third party providers of transportation services and equipment;
•   the significant risks and hazards involved in producing and handling our products against which we may not be fully insured;
•   our ability to manage our indebtedness and any additional indebtedness that may be incurred;
•   our ability to maintain compliance with covenants under our revolving credit agreement and the agreements governing our indebtedness;
•   downgrades of our credit ratings;
•   risks associated with cyber security;
•   weather conditions;
•   risks associated with changes in tax laws and disagreements with taxing authorities;
•   our reliance on a limited number of key facilities;
•   potential liabilities and expenditures related to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and permitting requirements;
•   future regulatory restrictions and requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions;
•   risks associated with expansions of our business, including unanticipated adverse consequences and the significant resources that could be required;
•   the seasonality of the fertilizer business;
•   the impact of changing market conditions on our forward sales programs;
•   risks involving derivatives and the effectiveness of our risk measurement and hedging activities;
•   risks associated with the operation or management of the chs strategic venture, risks and uncertainties relating to the market prices of the fertilizer products that are the subject of our supply agreement with chs over the life of the supply agreement, and the risk that any challenges related to the chs strategic venture will harm our other business relationships;
•   risks associated with our plnl joint venture;
•   acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism;
•   risks associated with international operations; and
•   deterioration of global market and economic conditions.
cf industries holdings, inc.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
you should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. all references to "cf holdings," "we," "us," "our" and "the company" refer to cf industries holdings, inc. and its subsidiaries, except where the context makes clear that the reference is only to cf industries holdings, inc. itself and not its subsidiaries. all references to "cf industries" refer to cf industries, inc., a 100% owned subsidiary of cf industries holdings, inc. references to tons refer to short tons. notes referenced in this discussion and analysis refer to the notes to consolidated financial statements that are found in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-notes to consolidated financial statements. for a discussion and analysis of the year ended december 31, 2017, you should read item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2018 annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 22, 2019. the following is an outline of the discussion and analysis included herein:
•   overview of cf holdings
•   our company
•   industry factors
•   items affecting comparability of results
•   financial executive summary
•   results of consolidated operations
•   operating results by business segment
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   off-balance sheet arrangements
•   critical accounting policies and estimates
•   recent accounting pronouncements overview of cf holdings our company we are a leading global fertilizer and chemical company. our 3,000 employees operate world-class manufacturing complexes in canada, the united kingdom and the united states. our manufacturing network is among the most efficient and cost-advantaged in the world, as our facilities in canada and the united states have access to low-cost north american natural gas. our principal customers are cooperatives, independent fertilizer distributors, traders, wholesalers, farmers and industrial users. our principal nitrogen fertilizer products are anhydrous ammonia (ammonia), granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan) and ammonium nitrate (an). our other nitrogen products include diesel exhaust fluid (def), urea liquor, nitric acid and aqua ammonia, which are sold primarily to our industrial customers, and compound fertilizer products (npks), which are solid granular fertilizer products for which the nutrient content is a combination of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium. we serve our customers in north america through our production, storage, transportation and distribution network. we also reach a global customer base with exports from our donaldsonville, louisiana, facility, the world's largest and most flexible nitrogen complex. additionally, we move product to international destinations from our verdigris, oklahoma, facility, our yazoo city, mississippi, facility, and our billingham and ince facilities in the united kingdom, and from a joint venture ammonia facility in the republic of trinidad and tobago in which we own a 50 percent interest.
our principal assets as of december 31, 2019 include:
•   five u.s. nitrogen manufacturing facilities, located in donaldsonville, louisiana (the largest nitrogen complex in the world); port neal, iowa; yazoo city, mississippi; verdigris, oklahoma; and woodward, oklahoma. these facilities are wholly owned directly or indirectly by cf industries nitrogen, llc (cfn), of which we own approximately 89% and chs inc. (chs) owns the remainder. see note 17-noncontrolling interests for additional information on our strategic venture with chs;
•   two canadian nitrogen manufacturing facilities, located in medicine hat, alberta (the largest nitrogen complex in canada) and courtright, ontario;
•   two united kingdom nitrogen manufacturing facilities, located in billingham and ince;
cf industries holdings, inc.
•   an extensive system of terminals and associated transportation equipment located primarily in the midwestern united states; and
•   a 50% interest in point lisas nitrogen limited (plnl), an ammonia production joint venture located in the republic of trinidad and tobago that we account for under the equity method.
our nitrogen manufacturing facility in verdigris, oklahoma, is owned and operated by terra nitrogen, limited partnership (tnlp). prior to april 2, 2018, tnlp was a subsidiary of terra nitrogen company, l.p. (tnclp), which was a publicly traded limited partnership of which we were the sole general partner and the majority limited partner, and in which we owned an approximate 75.3% interest.
on february 7, 2018, we announced that, in accordance with the terms of tnclp's first amended and restated agreement of limited partnership (as amended by amendment no. 1 to the first amended and restated agreement of limited partnership, the tnclp agreement of limited partnership), terra nitrogen gp inc. (tngp), the sole general partner of tnclp and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of cf holdings, elected to exercise its right to purchase all of the 4,612,562 publicly traded common units of tnclp (the tnclp public units). on april 2, 2018, tngp completed its purchase of the tnclp public units (the purchase) for an aggregate cash purchase price of $388 million. we funded the purchase with cash on hand. upon completion of the purchase, cf holdings owned, through its subsidiaries, 100 percent of the general and limited partnership interests of tnclp.
industry factors we operate in a highly competitive, global industry. our operating results are influenced by a broad range of factors, including those outlined below.
global supply and demand factors our products are globally traded commodities and are subject to price competition. the customers for our products make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, on customer service and product quality. the selling prices of our products fluctuate in response to global market conditions, changes in supply and demand and cost factors.
historically, global fertilizer demand has been driven primarily by population growth, gross domestic product growth, changes in dietary habits, planted acreage, and application rates, among other things. we expect these key variables to continue to have major impacts on long-term fertilizer demand for the foreseeable future. short-term fertilizer demand growth may depend on global economic conditions, farm sector income, weather patterns, the level of global grain stocks relative to consumption, fertilizer application rates, and governmental regulations, including fertilizer subsidies or requirements mandating increased use of bio-fuels or industrial nitrogen products. other geopolitical factors like temporary disruptions in fertilizer trade related to government intervention or changes in the buying/selling patterns of key exporting/consuming countries such as china, india, russia and brazil, among others, often play a major role in shaping near-term market fundamentals. the economics of nitrogen-based fertilizer manufacturing play a key role in decisions to increase or reduce production capacity. supply of fertilizers is generally driven by available capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, government policies and global trade. raw materials are dependent on energy sources such as natural gas or coal; therefore, supply costs are affected by the supply of and demand for these commodities.
global trade in fertilizer in addition to the relationship between global supply and demand, profitability within a particular geographic region is determined by the supply/demand balance within that region. regional supply and demand can be influenced significantly by factors affecting trade within regions. some of these factors include the relative cost to produce and deliver product, relative currency values, the availability of credit and governmental trade policies, including the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade or investment. the development of additional natural gas reserves in north america over the last decade has decreased natural gas costs relative to the rest of the world, making north american nitrogen fertilizer producers more competitive. changes in currency values may also alter our cost competitiveness relative to producers in other regions of the world.
imports account for a significant portion of the nitrogen fertilizer consumed in north america. producers of nitrogen-based fertilizers located in the middle east, the republic of trinidad and tobago, north africa and russia have been major exporters to north america in recent years. as a result, the north american nitrogen fertilizer market is dependent on imports to balance supply and demand.
cf industries holdings, inc.
farmers' economics the demand for fertilizer is affected by the aggregate crop planting decisions and fertilizer application rate decisions of individual farmers. individual farmers make planting decisions based largely on prospective profitability of a harvest, while the specific varieties and amounts of fertilizer they apply depend on factors like their current liquidity, soil conditions, weather patterns, crop prices, fertilizer products used and timing of applications, expected yields and the types of crops planted.
items affecting comparability of results selling prices the u.s. gulf is a major global fertilizer pricing point due to the volume of nitrogen fertilizer that trades there. in 2018, higher energy costs in asia and europe, along with continued enforcement of environmental regulations in china, resulted in lower nitrogen production in these regions. in addition, plant outages impacted the global nitrogen supply and demand balance. these factors collectively drove global nitrogen prices higher in the second half of 2018.
upon entering the first quarter of 2019, our average selling prices were higher than the first quarter of 2018, driven by the continued impact of a tighter global nitrogen supply and demand balance experienced throughout late 2018. during the first half of 2019, our average selling prices for all fertilizer products remained strong due to the limited supply of fertilizer as high water levels and flooding impacted shipping and logistics on the u.s. inland rivers and limited access for imports. as we entered the third quarter of 2019, the fertilizer application season extended due to the late planting, resulting in continued in-season prompt sales, which favorably impacted our third quarter selling prices. however, as the third quarter continued, lower global energy prices resulted in higher nitrogen industry operating rates, which increased global fertilizer supply. this factor, in conjunction with the seasonally slow third quarter period, led to weakness in selling prices as the third quarter ended, which continued throughout the fourth quarter of 2019. in addition to low selling prices, the fourth quarter of 2019 experienced cold and wet weather, which limited fall ammonia application. these factors collectively led to lower nitrogen prices in the fourth quarter.
the average selling price for our products for 2019 and 2018 was $235 per ton and $229 per ton, respectively. the increase in average selling prices of 3% in 2019 from 2018 increased net sales by $62 million.
sales volume persistent cold and wet weather across most of north america early in 2019 delayed spring planting activity and fertilizer applications. in addition, high water levels impacted shipping and logistics on the u.s. inland rivers and delayed certain barge shipments, which caused delays in certain customers taking delivery of fertilizer and other customers delaying purchases. as a result, the spring application season extended into the third quarter of 2019 with some shipments that would typically occur in the second quarter being delayed into the third quarter. additionally, planned maintenance activity at our plants reduced production levels in the third quarter of 2019, reducing inventory availability. in the fourth quarter, shipping activity increased and full year sales volume for 2019 was 19.5 million tons, 1% higher than the 19.3 million tons in 2018.
sales volume for our products in 2019, 2018 and 2017 is shown in the table below.
2019                                                           2018                                                2017
sales volume (tons)              net sales          sales volume (tons)              net sales          sales volume (tons)              net sales
(tons in thousands; dollars in millions)
ammonia             3,516                       $1,113                  3,135                       $1,028                  4,105                       $1,209
granular urea       4,849                        1,342                  4,898                        1,322                  4,357                          971
uan                 6,807                        1,270                  7,042                        1,234                  7,093                        1,134
an                  2,109                          506                  2,002                          460                  2,353                          497
other               2,257                          359                  2,252                          385                  2,044                          319
total              19,538                       $4,590                 19,329                       $4,429                 19,952                       $4,130
the increase in total sales volume in 2019 from 2018 was due primarily to the impact of increased supply resulting from both higher inventory levels entering 2019 and higher production in 2019. the increase in sales volume increased net sales by $99 million in 2019.
34
cf industries holdings, inc.
natural gas prices natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce nitrogen fertilizers. we use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce nitrogen products. natural gas is a significant cost component of manufactured nitrogen products, representing approximately 35% of our production costs.
most of our nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada. as a result, the price of natural gas in north america directly impacts a substantial portion of our operating expenses. due to increases in natural gas production resulting from the rise in production from shale gas formations, natural gas prices in north america have declined over the last decade, but are subject to volatility. the average daily market price at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america, was $2.51 per mmbtu for 2019 compared to $3.12 per mmbtu for 2018, a decrease of 20%.
we also have manufacturing facilities located in the united kingdom. these facilities are subject to fluctuations associated with the price of natural gas in europe. the major natural gas trading point for the united kingdom is the national balancing point (nbp). the average daily market price at nbp was $4.44 per mmbtu for 2019 compared to $8.07 per mmbtu for 2018, a decrease of 45%. the price of natural gas in the united kingdom has declined as a result of increased production and availability of liquefied natural gas in the global market due to higher gas exports from exporting nations, including the united states.
natural gas costs in cost of sales, including the impact of realized natural gas derivatives, was $2.74 per mmbtu in 2019, a 13% decrease from $3.16 per mmbtu in 2018, which resulted in an increase in gross margin of approximately $153 million.
other items affecting comparability of results during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, certain items impacted our financial results. the following table and related discussion outline these items and how they impacted the comparability of our financial results during these periods. positive amounts in the table below are costs or expenses incurred, while negative amounts are income recognized in the periods presented.
2019                                                                                                          2018
pre-tax         after-tax(1)       pre-tax        after-tax(1)
(in millions)
unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives(2)       $14                $10              $(13      )    $(10          )
gain on foreign currency transactions including intercompany loans(3)          (1    )            (1      )       (5        )    (4            )
gain on sale of pine bend facility(3)                                         (45    )           (34      )       -              -
insurance proceeds(3)                                                         (37    )           (28      )       (10       )    (8            )
losses on debt extinguishment                                                  21                 16              -              -
income taxes:
settlement of terra industries inc. amended tax returns(4)                     (5    )           (14      )       -              -
louisiana incentive tax credit(5)                                               -                (30      )       -              -
impact of u.s. tax cuts and jobs act(5)                                         -                  -              -         16
plnl withholding tax charge(6)                                                 16                 16              -              -
plnl settlement income(6)                                                       -                  -              (19       )    (19           )
______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   the tax impact is calculated utilizing a marginal effective rate of 23.3% in 2019 and 22.9% in 2018.
(2)   included in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations.
(3)   included in other operating-net in our consolidated statements of operations.
(4)   included in interest income and income tax provision (benefit) in our consolidated statement of operations.
(5)   included in income tax provision (benefit) in our consolidated statement of operations.
(6)   included in equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliates in our consolidated statements of operations.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the following describes the significant items that impacted the comparability of our financial results in 2019 and 2018. descriptions of items below that refer to amounts in the table above, refer to the pre-tax amounts, except for the discussion under income taxes.
unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives natural gas is the largest and most volatile single component of the manufacturing cost for nitrogen-based products. at certain times, we have managed the risk of changes in natural gas prices through the use of derivative financial instruments. the derivatives that we may use for this purpose are primarily natural gas fixed price swaps, basis swaps and options. we use natural gas derivatives as an economic hedge of natural gas price risk, but without the application of hedge accounting. this can result in volatility in reported earnings due to the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments that occur from changes in the value of the derivatives, which is reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations. in 2019 and 2018, we recognized an unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives of $14 million and $(13) million, respectively.
gain on foreign currency transactions including intercompany loans in 2019 and 2018, we recognized gains of $1 million and $5 million, respectively, from the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on primarily canadian dollar and british pound denominated intercompany loans that were not permanently invested.
gain on sale of pine bend facility during the first quarter of 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell our pine bend dry bulk storage and logistics facility in minnesota. in april of 2019, we completed the sale, received proceeds of $55 million and recognized a pre-tax gain of $45 million. the gain is reflected in other operating-net in our consolidated statement of operations.
insurance proceeds in 2019 and 2018, we recognized income of $37 million and $10 million, respectively, related to insurance claims at one of our nitrogen complexes. the $37 million of income in 2019 consists of $22 million related to business interruption insurance proceeds and $15 million related to property insurance proceeds. the $10 million of income in 2018 is related to property insurance proceeds. these proceeds are reflected in other operating-net in our consolidated statements of operations.
losses on debt extinguishment on november 13, 2019, we redeemed all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 7.125% senior notes due may 2020 (the 2020 notes), in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2020 notes. on december 13, 2019, we redeemed $250 million principal amount, representing 50% of the $500 million outstanding principal amount, of the 3.400% senior secured notes due december 2021 (the 2021 notes), in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2021 notes. as a result of the early redemption of the 2020 notes and the 2021 notes, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $21 million, of which $12 million related to the 2020 notes and $9 million related to the 2021 notes.
income taxes
•   as more fully described under "liquidity and capital resources-settlement of terra amended tax returns," below, during the fourth quarter of 2019, the joint committee on taxation of the u.s. congress (the joint committee) approved the united states internal revenue service (irs) report and refund claim pertaining to certain amended tax returns related to terra industries inc. (terra). we acquired terra in april 2010 and filed amended tax returns to correct the manner in which terra reported the repatriation of foreign earnings during years back to 1999. as a result of the approval by the joint committee, we recognized in the fourth quarter of 2019 interest income of $5 million ($4 million after tax) and a reduction in income tax expense of $10 million related to the favorable settlement of certain uncertain tax positions. we expect to receive a cash refund of approximately $57 million in the first half of 2020 related to this matter.
•   for 2019, our income tax provision includes an incentive tax credit from the state of louisiana of $30 million, net of federal income tax, related to certain capital projects at our donaldsonville, louisiana complex.
•   on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act" or "tax reform") which included a number of changes to u.s. tax law that affect us. the most significant impact of tax reform was the reduction of the u.s. statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. this change necessitated the revaluation of all of cf industries holdings, inc.
our u.s. deferred tax balances, which resulted in an income tax benefit of $552 million that was recorded in 2017. in addition, tax reform required us to pay u.s. tax on our previously untaxed foreign earnings. foreign earnings held in the form of cash and cash equivalents are taxed at a 15.5% rate, and the remaining earnings are taxed at an 8% rate. we elected to pay the transition tax in installments through 2025. as a result, we recognized a provisional charge and liability of $57 million in 2017. a $16 million increase to the provisional amount of the transition tax liability was recorded in 2018.
plnl withholding tax charge the trinidadian tax authority (the board of inland revenue) issued a proposed tax assessment against plnl, our joint venture in the republic of trinidad and tobago, with respect to tax years 2011 and 2012 in the amount of approximately $12 million. the proposed assessment asserted that plnl should have withheld tax at a higher rate on dividends paid to its trinidadian owners. the board of inland revenue also would have assessed statutory interest and penalties on the amount of tax owed when a final assessment was issued for the tax years 2011 and 2012. as we own a 50% interest in plnl, our effective share of any assessment that is determined to be a liability of plnl would be 50%, which would be reflected as a reduction in our equity in earnings of plnl.
during the third quarter of 2019, the trinidadian government offered a tax amnesty period that provided taxpayers the opportunity to pay any prior year tax obligations and avoid accumulated interest or penalties. during the tax amnesty period, plnl evaluated the proposed assessment, including considering the outcome of certain recent legal cases involving other taxpayers. as a result of this evaluation, plnl paid withholding tax to the board of inland revenue under the amnesty program for tax years 2011 to the current period, and recognized a charge for $32 million in the third quarter of 2019. our 50% share of plnl's tax charge is $16 million, which reduced our equity in earnings of operating affiliates for 2019.
plnl settlement income plnl operates an ammonia plant that relies on natural gas supplied, under a gas sales contract (the ngc contract), by the national gas company of trinidad and tobago limited (ngc). plnl experienced past curtailments in the supply of natural gas, which reduced historical ammonia production at plnl. the ngc contract had an initial expiration date of september 2018 and was extended on the same terms until september 2023. any ngc commitment to supply gas beyond 2023 will be based on new agreements. in may 2018, the ngc and plnl reached a settlement of an arbitration proceeding regarding plnl's claims for damages due to natural gas supply curtailments. the net after-tax impact of the settlement reached between ngc and plnl that is recognized in our consolidated statement of operations for 2018 was an increase in our equity in earnings of operating affiliates of approximately $19 million.
financial executive summary we reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $493 million in 2019 compared to $290 million in 2018, an increase in net earnings of 70%, or $203 million. diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders was $2.23 in 2019 compared to $1.24 in 2018, an increase of 80%, or $0.99 per share. the increase in net earnings of $203 million was due primarily to the following:
•   gross margin increased by $257 million, or 28%, in 2019 to $1.17 billion as compared to $917 million in 2018. the increase in gross margin was primarily driven by a 13% decrease in natural gas costs, a 3% increase in average selling prices and a 1% increase in sales volume. these increases were partially offset by higher costs related to maintenance activity, the impact of an unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019 compared to a gain in 2018 and higher shipping and distribution costs.
•   other operating-net was $73 million of income in 2019 compared to $27 million of income in 2018, or an increase in income of $46 million. the increase was due primarily to a $45 million gain on the sale of our pine bend dry bulk storage and logistics facility and $37 million of insurance proceeds related to an insurance claim at one of our nitrogen complexes. both of these items are more fully described above under "items affecting comparability of results."
•   equity in earnings of operating affiliate represents the results of our 50% interest in plnl. equity in earnings decreased $41 million to a loss of $5 million in 2019 from $36 million of income in 2018 due to two significant events that impacted plnl's results. the loss in 2019 includes a $16 million withholding tax charge and the 2018 period includes $19 million of income pertaining to a settlement over the supply of natural gas. these events are more fully described above under "items affecting comparability of results."
cf industries holdings, inc.
•   in 2019, we recognized $21 million of losses on the early extinguishment of debt as we redeemed all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 2020 notes in november 2019 and $250 million principal amount of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 2021 notes in december 2019.
•   net interest expense decreased by $11 million to $217 million in 2019 from $228 million in 2018. the decrease was due to $5 million of interest income related to the settlement of the terra amended tax returns, which is more fully described under "liquidity and capital resources-settlement of terra amended tax returns," below. in addition, the decrease reflects our redemption in november 2019 of all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 2020 notes and the partial redemption in december 2019 of $250 million principal amount of the 2021 notes.
on february 13, 2019, our board of directors (the board) authorized the repurchase of up to $1 billion of cf holdings common stock through december 31, 2021 (the 2019 share repurchase program). under the 2019 share repurchase program, in 2019, we repurchased a total of 7.6 million shares for $337 million. in the second half of 2018, we repurchased 10.9 million shares for $500 million under the previous 2018 share repurchase program. see discussion under "liquidity and capital resources-share repurchase programs," below, for further information.
cf industries holdings, inc.
results of consolidated operations the following table presents our consolidated results of operations and supplemental data:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                   2018              2017(1)                          2019 v. 2018                          2018 v. 2017
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                    $4,590              $4,429              $4,130                 $161                4    %            $299                7   %
cost of sales (cos)                                                           3,416               3,512               3,696                  (96    )          (3   )%            (184    )          (5   )%
gross margin                                                                  1,174                 917                 434                  257               28    %             483              111   %
gross margin percentage                                                        25.6   %            20.7   %            10.5    %             4.9    %                             10.2    %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                    239                 214                 191                   25               12    %              23               12   %
other operating-net                                                             (73   )             (27   )              18                  (46    )        (170   )%             (45    )         n/m total other operating costs and expenses                                        166                 187                 209                  (21    )         (11   )%             (22    )         (11   )%
equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliates                                (5   )              36                   9                  (41    )         n/m                   27              n/m operating earnings                                                            1,003                 766                 234                  237               31    %             532              n/m interest expense-net                                                            217                 228                 303                  (11    )          (5   )%             (75    )         (25   )%
loss on debt extinguishment                                                      21                   -                  53                   21              n/m                  (53    )        (100   )%
other non-operating-net                                                          (7   )              (9   )               3                    2               22    %             (12    )         n/m earnings (loss) before income taxes                                             772                 547                (125    )             225               41    %             672              n/m income tax provision (benefit)                                                  126                 119                (575    )               7                6    %             694              n/m net earnings                                                                    646                 428                 450                  218               51    %             (22    )          (5   )%
less: net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                     153                 138                  92                   15               11    %              46               50   %
net earnings attributable to common stockholders                               $493                $290                $358                 $203               70    %            $(68    )         (19   )%
diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders            $2.23               $1.24               $1.53                $0.99               80    %          $(0.29    )         (19   )%
diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding                            221.6               233.8               233.9                (12.2    )          (5   )%            (0.1    )           -   %
dividends declared per common share                                           $1.20               $1.20               $1.20                   $-                -    %              $-                -   %
natural gas supplemental data (per mmbtu)
natural gas costs in cos(2)                                                   $2.75               $3.15               $3.33               $(0.40    )         (13   )%          $(0.18    )          (5   )%
realized derivatives (gain) loss in cos(3)                                    (0.01   )            0.01                0.07                (0.02    )         n/m                (0.06    )         (86   )%
cost of natural gas in cos                                                    $2.74               $3.16               $3.40               $(0.42    )         (13   )%          $(0.24    )          (7   )%
average daily market price of natural gas henry hub (louisiana)               $2.51               $3.12               $2.96               $(0.61    )         (20   )%           $0.16                5   %
average daily market price of natural gas national balancing point (uk)       $4.44               $8.07               $5.80               $(3.63    )         (45   )%           $2.27               39   %
unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives            $14                $(13   )             $61                  $27              n/m                 $(74    )         n/m depreciation and amortization                                                  $875                $888                $883                 $(13    )          (1   )%              $5                1   %
capital expenditures                                                           $404                $422                $473                 $(18    )          (4   )%            $(51    )         (11   )%
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                          19,538              19,329              19,952                  209                1    %            (623    )          (3   )%
production volume by product tons (000s):
ammonia(4)                                                                   10,246               9,805              10,295                  441                4    %            (490    )          (5   )%
granular urea                                                                 4,941               4,837               4,451                  104                2    %             386                9   %
uan (32%)                                                                     6,768               6,903               6,914                 (135    )          (2   )%             (11    )           -   %
an                                                                            2,128               1,731               2,127                  397               23    %            (396    )         (19   )%
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)   for a discussion and analysis of the year ended december 31, 2017, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2018 annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 22, 2019.
(2)   includes the cost of natural gas and related transportation that is included in cost of sales during the period under the first-in, first-out inventory cost method.
(3)   includes realized gains and losses on natural gas derivatives settled during the period. excludes unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on natural gas derivatives.
(4)   gross ammonia production, including amounts subsequently upgraded on-site into granular urea, uan, or an.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the following is a discussion and analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. for a discussion and analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2018 annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 22, 2019.
net sales our net sales are derived primarily from the sale of nitrogen fertilizers and are determined by the quantities of fertilizers we sell and the selling prices we realize. the volumes, mix and selling prices we realize are determined to a great extent by a combination of global and regional supply and demand factors. net sales also include shipping and handling costs that are billed to our customers. sales incentives are reported as a reduction in net sales.
our total net sales increased $161 million, or 4%, to $4.59 billion in 2019 compared to $4.43 billion in 2018 due to a 1% increase in sales volume, which increased net sales by $99 million, and a 3% increase in average selling prices, which increased net sales by $62 million.
average selling prices were $235 per ton in 2019 compared to $229 per ton in 2018, an increase of 3%, due primarily to higher average selling prices in our uan, granular urea and an segments, partially offset by lower average selling prices in our ammonia and other segments. the increase in average selling prices was driven by the impact of a tighter global nitrogen supply and demand balance. the increase in total sales volume of 1% was due primarily to higher sales volumes in our ammonia, an and other segments, partially offset by lower sales volumes in our uan and granular urea segments.
cost of sales our cost of sales includes manufacturing costs, purchased product costs, and distribution costs. manufacturing costs, the most significant element of cost of sales, consist primarily of raw materials, realized and unrealized gains and losses on natural gas derivative instruments, maintenance, direct labor, depreciation and other plant overhead expenses. purchased product costs primarily include the cost to purchase nitrogen fertilizers to augment or replace production at our facilities. distribution costs include the cost of freight required to transport finished products from our plants to our distribution facilities and storage costs incurred prior to final shipment to customers.
our cost of sales decreased $96 million, or 3%, in 2019 from 2018. the decrease in our cost of sales was due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs, partially offset by higher costs related to maintenance activity, higher distribution costs and an unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives of $14 million in 2019 compared to an unrealized net mark-to-market gain of $13 million in 2018. the cost of sales per ton averaged $175 in 2019, a 4% decrease from $182 per ton in 2018. realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, decreased 13% to $2.74 per mmbtu in 2019 from $3.16 per mmbtu in 2018.
selling, general and administrative expenses our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of corporate office expenses such as salaries and other payroll-related costs for our executive, administrative, legal, financial and marketing functions, as well as certain taxes and insurance and other professional service fees, including those for corporate initiatives.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $25 million to $239 million in 2019 from $214 million in 2018. the increase was due primarily to costs related to certain corporate office initiatives and certain equity award modifications.
other operating-net other operating-net includes administrative costs that do not relate directly to our central operations. costs included in "other operating costs" can include foreign exchange gains and losses, unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency derivatives, costs associated with our closed facilities, amounts recorded for environmental remediation for other areas of our business, litigation expenses and gains and losses on the disposal of fixed assets.
other operating-net was $73 million of income in 2019 compared to $27 million of income in 2018. the income in 2019 was due primarily to the $45 million pre-tax gain recognized on the sale of the pine bend facility and insurance proceeds of $37 million. see "items affecting comparability of results-gain on sale of pine bend facility and -insurance proceeds," above, for additional information. the income in 2018 was due primarily to the combination of changes in legal reserves, insurance proceeds of $10 million and a gain of $6 million from the recovery of certain precious metals used in the manufacturing process.
cf industries holdings, inc.
equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliates equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliates primarily consists of our 50% ownership interest in plnl. we include our share of the net earnings from our equity method investment in plnl as an element of earnings from operations because this investment provides additional production and is integrated with our other supply chain and sales activities. our share of the net earnings includes the amortization of certain tangible and intangible assets identified as part of the application of purchase accounting at acquisition.
equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliates was $5 million of losses in 2019 compared to $36 million of earnings in 2018. the loss in 2019 includes approximately $16 million related to a withholding tax charge recognized by plnl regarding a multi-year tax dispute. see "items affecting comparability of results-plnl withholding tax charge," above, for additional information.
earnings in 2018 includes approximately $19 million related to the net after-tax impact of a settlement reached between ngc and plnl of an arbitration proceeding regarding plnl's claims for damages due to historical natural gas supply curtailments. see "items affecting comparability of results-plnl settlement income," above, for additional information.
interest expense-net our interest expense-net includes the interest expense on our long-term debt, amortization of the related fees required to execute financing agreements, annual fees pursuant to our revolving credit agreement and interest on tax liabilities. capitalized interest relating to the construction of major capital projects reduces interest expense as the interest is capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the facility along with all other construction costs. interest expense-net also includes interest income, which includes amounts earned on our cash, cash equivalents and investments.
net interest expense decreased by $11 million to $217 million in 2019 from $228 million in 2018. the decrease was due to $5 million of interest income related to the settlement of the terra amended tax returns, which is more fully described under "liquidity and capital resources-settlement of terra amended tax returns," below. in addition, the decrease reflects our redemption in november 2019 of all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 2020 notes and the partial redemption in december 2019 of $250 million principal amount of the 2021 notes.
losses on debt extinguishment on november 13, 2019, we redeemed all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 2020 notes, in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2020 notes. on december 13, 2019, we redeemed $250 million principal amount, representing 50% of the outstanding principal amount, of the 2021 notes, in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2021 notes. as a result of the early redemption of the 2020 notes and the 2021 notes, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $21 million, of which $12 million related to the 2020 notes and $9 million related to the 2021 notes.
income tax provision our income tax provision for 2019 was $126 million on pre-tax income of $772 million, or an effective tax rate of 16.3% compared to an income tax provision of $119 million on pre-tax income of $547 million, or an effective tax rate of 21.7% in 2018.
our effective tax rate is impacted by earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest in cfn, and in the first quarter of 2018 by earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interests in tnclp, as our consolidated income tax provision does not include a tax provision on the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interests. our effective tax rate for 2019 of 16.3%, which is based on pre-tax income of $772 million, would be 20.3% exclusive of the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest of $153 million. our effective tax rate for 2018 of 21.7%, which is based on pre-tax income of $547 million, would be 29.1% exclusive of the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interests of $138 million.
for 2019, our income tax provision includes an incentive tax credit from the state of louisiana of $30 million, net of federal income tax, related to certain capital projects at our donaldsonville, louisiana complex, and an income tax benefit of $10 million related to the favorable settlement of certain uncertain tax positions related to the terra amended tax returns, which is more fully described under "liquidity and capital resources-settlement of terra amended tax returns," below.
our effective tax rate for 2018 was impacted by a $16 million increase to the provisional amount recorded in 2017 for the transition tax liability as result of the enactment of the tax act.
cf industries holdings, inc.
on april 2, 2018, we acquired the tnclp public units. our effective tax rate in 2018 was impacted by a $16 million reduction to our deferred tax liability due to the change in our effective state income tax rate resulting from the implementation of legal entity structure changes related to the acquisition.
both 2019 and 2018 were impacted by additional discrete tax items. see note 10-income taxes for additional information.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests includes the net earnings attributable to the approximately 11% chs minority equity interest in cfn, a subsidiary of cf holdings. prior to april 2, 2018, net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests also included the net earnings attributable to the 24.7% interest of the publicly held common units of tnclp. beginning in the second quarter of 2018, as a result of the april 2, 2018 acquisition of the tnclp public units, there are no longer earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in tnclp.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $15 million in 2019 compared to 2018 due to higher earnings from cfn driven by higher average selling prices due to the impact of a tighter global nitrogen supply and demand balance and lower realized natural gas costs, partially offset by the reduction in noncontrolling interests due to the april 2, 2018 purchase of the noncontrolling interests in tnclp. in 2018, earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in tnclp was $8 million.
diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders increased $0.99 to $2.23 per share in 2019 from $1.24 per share in 2018. this increase is due primarily to higher gross margin primarily driven by lower realized natural gas costs, higher average selling prices due to the impact of a tighter global nitrogen supply and demand balance, higher sales volume, and a 5% reduction in diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding due to repurchases made under our share repurchase programs.
cf industries holdings, inc.
operating results by business segment our reportable segment structure reflects how our chief operating decision maker, as defined in the accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (u.s. gaap), assesses the performance of our reportable segments and makes decisions about resource allocation. these segments are differentiated by products. our management uses gross margin to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. total other operating costs and expenses (consisting of selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating-net) and non-operating expenses (interest and income taxes), are centrally managed and are not included in the measurement of segment profitability reviewed by management.
the following table presents summary operating results by business segment:
ammonia            granular urea(1)               uan(1)             an(1)           other(1)             consolidated
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2019
net sales                         $1,113                   $1,342                  $1,270               $506              $359                 $4,590
cost of sales                        878                      861                     981                399               297                  3,416
gross margin                        $235                     $481                    $289               $107               $62                 $1,174
gross margin percentage             21.1    %                35.8       %            22.8    %          21.1   %          17.3    %              25.6      %
year ended december 31, 2018
net sales                         $1,028                   $1,322                  $1,234               $460              $385                 $4,429
cost of sales                        867                      889                   1,007                414               335                  3,512
gross margin                        $161                     $433                    $227                $46               $50                   $917
gross margin percentage             15.7    %                32.8       %            18.4    %          10.0   %          13.0    %              20.7      %
year ended december 31, 2017
net sales                         $1,209                     $971                  $1,134               $497              $319                 $4,130
cost of sales                      1,070                      855                   1,053                446               272                  3,696
gross margin                        $139                     $116                     $81                $51               $47                   $434
gross margin percentage             11.5    %                11.9       %             7.1    %          10.3   %          14.7    %              10.5      %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   the cost of ammonia that is upgraded into other products is transferred at cost into the upgraded product results.
the following is a discussion and analysis of our operating results by business segment for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. for a discussion and analysis of our operating results by business segment for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2018 annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 22, 2019.
43
cf industries holdings, inc.
ammonia segment our ammonia segment produces anhydrous ammonia (ammonia), which is our most concentrated nitrogen fertilizer as it contains 82% nitrogen. the results of our ammonia segment consist of sales of ammonia to external customers. in addition, ammonia is the "basic" nitrogen product that we upgrade into other nitrogen products such as granular urea, uan and an. we produce ammonia at all of our nitrogen manufacturing complexes.
the following table presents summary operating data for our ammonia segment:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                2018   2017                                    2019 v. 2018                       2018 v. 2017
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                 $1,113              $1,028              $1,209               $85               8   %          $(181    )        (15   )%
cost of sales                                                                878                 867               1,070                11               1   %           (203    )        (19   )%
gross margin                                                                $235                $161                $139               $74              46   %            $22              16   %
gross margin percentage                                                     21.1   %            15.7   %   11.5            %           5.4    %                   4.2            %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                        3,516               3,135               4,105               381              12   %           (970    )        (24   )%
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                    2,884               2,571               3,367               313              12   %           (796    )        (24   )%
average selling price per product ton                                       $317                $328                $295              $(11    )         (3   )%           $33              11   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                   $386                $400                $359              $(14    )         (4   )%           $41              11   %
gross margin per product ton                                                 $67                 $51                 $34               $16              31   %            $17              50   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                             $81                 $63                 $41               $18              29   %            $22              54   %
depreciation and amortization                                               $167                $155                $183               $12               8   %           $(28    )        (15   )%
unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives          $4                 $(4   )             $20                $8             n/m               $(24    )        n/m
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)   ammonia represents 82% nitrogen content. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
net sales. net sales in the ammonia segment increased by $85 million, or 8%, to $1.11 billion in 2019 from $1.03 billion in 2018 due primarily to a 12% increase in sales volume, partially offset by a 3% decrease in average selling prices. sales volume was higher in 2019 due to greater supply availability due to increased production. the decrease in average selling prices was due to increased global supply as a result of higher global operating rates driven by lower global energy prices.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our ammonia segment averaged $250 per ton in 2019, a 10% decrease from $277 per ton in 2018 due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs and lower costs associated with plant turnaround and maintenance activity, partially offset by the impact of a $4 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019 compared to a $4 million gain in 2018.
gross margin.  gross margin in our ammonia segment increased by $74 million to $235 million in 2019 from $161 million in 2018, and our gross margin percentage was 21.1% in 2019 compared to 15.7% in 2018. the increase in gross margin was due to a 12% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $60 million, a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $33 million, and a $31 million decrease in other manufacturing and distribution costs. these factors were partially offset by a 3% decrease in average selling prices, which reduced gross margin by $42 million, and the impact of a $4 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019 compared to a $4 million gain in 2018.
44
cf industries holdings, inc.
granular urea segment our granular urea segment produces granular urea, which contains 46% nitrogen. produced from ammonia and carbon dioxide, it has the highest nitrogen content of any of our solid nitrogen fertilizers. granular urea is produced at our donaldsonville, louisiana; medicine hat, alberta; and port neal, iowa nitrogen complexes.
the following table presents summary operating data for our granular urea segment:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                2018              2017                       2019 v. 2018                       2018 v. 2017
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                 $1,342              $1,322              $971               $20               2   %           $351              36   %
cost of sales                                                                861                 889               855               (28    )         (3   )%            34               4   %
gross margin                                                                $481                $433              $116               $48              11   %           $317             n/m gross margin percentage                                                     35.8   %            32.8   %          11.9   %   3.0            %                          20.9    %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                        4,849               4,898             4,357               (49    )         (1   )%           541              12   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                    2,231               2,253             2,004               (22    )         (1   )%           249              12   %
average selling price per product ton                                       $277                $270              $223                $7               3   %            $47              21   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                   $602                $587              $485               $15               3   %           $102              21   %
gross margin per product ton                                                 $99                 $88               $27               $11              13   %            $61             n/m gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                            $216                $192               $58               $24              13   %           $134             n/m depreciation and amortization                                               $264                $276              $246              $(12    )         (4   )%           $30              12   %
unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives          $4                 $(4   )           $16                $8             n/m               $(20    )        n/m
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)   granular urea represents 46% nitrogen content. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
net sales. net sales in the granular urea segment increased $20 million, or 2%, to $1.34 billion in 2019 compared to $1.32 billion in 2018 due primarily to a 3% increase in average selling prices, partially offset by a 1% decrease in sales volume. average selling prices increased to $277 per ton in 2019 compared to $270 per ton in 2018. the increase was due primarily to the impact of a tighter global nitrogen supply and demand balance and the impact high water levels and flooding had on the shipping and logistics on inland rivers, including limiting access to the u.s. gulf for imports, during the spring application season.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our granular urea segment averaged $178 per ton in 2019, a 2% decrease from $182 per ton in 2018. the decrease was due primarily to lower realized natural gas costs, partially offset by the impact of a $4 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019 compared to a $4 million gain in 2018.
gross margin.  gross margin in our granular urea segment increased by $48 million to $481 million in 2019 from $433 million in 2018, and our gross margin percentage was 35.8% in 2019 compared to 32.8% in 2018. the increase in gross margin was due to a 3% increase in average selling prices, which increased gross margin by $38 million, a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $21 million, and a $12 million decrease in other manufacturing and distribution costs. these factors were partially offset by a 1% decrease in sales volume, which reduced gross margin by $15 million, and the impact of a $4 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019 compared to a $4 million gain in 2018.
45
cf industries holdings, inc.
uan segment our uan segment produces urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan). uan, a liquid fertilizer product with a nitrogen content that typically ranges from 28% to 32%, is produced by combining urea and ammonium nitrate. uan is produced at our nitrogen complexes in courtright, ontario; donaldsonville, louisiana; port neal, iowa; verdigris, oklahoma; woodward, oklahoma; and yazoo city, mississippi.
the following table presents summary operating data for our uan segment:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                   2018                2017                                    2019 v. 2018                       2018 v. 2017
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                 $1,270              $1,234              $1,134               $36               3   %           $100               9   %
cost of sales                                                                981               1,007               1,053               (26    )         (3   )%           (46    )         (4   )%
gross margin                                                                $289                $227                 $81               $62              27   %           $146             180   %
gross margin percentage                                                     22.8   %   18.4            %   7.1             %   4.4            %                   11.3           %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                        6,807               7,042               7,093              (235    )         (3   )%           (51    )         (1   )%
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                    2,144               2,225               2,242               (81    )         (4   )%           (17    )         (1   )%
average selling price per product ton                                       $187                $175                $160               $12               7   %            $15               9   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                   $592                $555                $506               $37               7   %            $49              10   %
gross margin per product ton                                                 $42                 $32                 $11               $10              31   %            $21             191   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                            $135                $102                 $36               $33              32   %            $66             183   %
depreciation and amortization                                               $251                $270                $265              $(19    )         (7   )%            $5               2   %
unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives          $4                 $(4   )             $19                $8             n/m               $(23    )        n/m
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)   uan represents between 28% and 32% of nitrogen content, depending on the concentration specified by the customer. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
net sales. net sales in the uan segment increased $36 million, or 3%, to $1.27 billion in 2019 compared to $1.23 billion in 2018 due primarily to a 7% increase in average selling prices, partially offset by a 3% decrease in sales volume. average selling prices increased to $187 per ton in 2019 compared to $175 per ton in 2018, due primarily to the impact of a tighter global nitrogen supply and demand balance, the impact high water levels and flooding had on the shipping and logistics on inland rivers and an extended spring application season. the decrease in sales volume was due primarily to lower production due to higher granular urea production throughout most of 2019 and the impact of lower exports to europe.
in april 2019, the european commission (the commission) published a regulation imposing provisional anti-dumping duties on imports to the european union of uan manufactured in russia, the republic of trinidad and tobago and the united states. the regulation included a rate of 22.6% for the provisional anti-dumping duty applicable to imports of uan manufactured in the united states. in july 2019, the commission announced its intention to impose definitive anti-dumping measures in the form of fixed duty rates. for imports of uan manufactured in the united states, the fixed duty rate is €29.48 per metric ton (or €26.74 per ton). on october 8, 2019, the commission confirmed this duty in a regulation imposing definitive measures, which became effective beginning october 9, 2019 for an initial five-year period, after which the measures may be renewed by the commission.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our uan segment averaged $145 per ton in 2019, a 1% increase from $143 per ton in 2018. the increase was due primarily to higher costs related to maintenance activity, higher shipping and distribution costs due to the mix of transportation modes and the impact of a $4 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019 compared to a $4 million gain in 2018, mostly offset by lower realized natural gas costs.
gross margin.  gross margin in our uan segment increased by $62 million to $289 million in 2019 from $227 million in 2018, and our gross margin percentage was 22.8% in 2019 compared to 18.4% in 2018. the increase in gross margin was due to a 7% increase in average selling prices, which increased gross margin by $76 million, and a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $29 million. these factors were partially offset by a $24 million increase in other manufacturing and distribution costs and a 3% decrease in sales volume, which reduced gross margin by
46
cf industries holdings, inc.
$11 million, and the impact of a $4 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019 compared to a $4 million gain in 2018.
an segment our an segment produces ammonium nitrate (an). an, which has a nitrogen content between 29% and 35%, is produced by combining anhydrous ammonia and nitric acid. an is used as nitrogen fertilizer and is also used by industrial customers for commercial explosives and blasting systems. an is produced at our nitrogen complexes in yazoo city, mississippi and ince and billingham, united kingdom.
the following table presents summary operating data for our an segment:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                     2018              2017                       2019 v. 2018                        2018 v. 2017
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                          $506              $460              $497               $46              10   %           $(37    )          (7   )%
cost of sales                                                       399               414               446               (15    )         (4   )%           (32    )          (7   )%
gross margin                                                       $107               $46               $51               $61             133   %            $(5    )         (10   )%
gross margin percentage                                            21.1   %          10.0   %          10.3   %          11.1    %                          (0.3   )%
sales volume by product tons (000s)                               2,109             2,002             2,353               107               5   %           (351    )         (15   )%
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                             708               676               793                32               5   %           (117    )         (15   )%
average selling price per product ton                              $240              $230              $211               $10               4   %            $19                9   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                          $715              $680              $627               $35               5   %            $53                8   %
gross margin per product ton                                        $51               $23               $22               $28             122   %             $1                5   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                   $151               $68               $64               $83             122   %             $4                6   %
depreciation and amortization                                       $88               $85               $85                 $                   %             $-                -   %
unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives         $                $-                 $                $1             n/m                $(2    )        (100   )%
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)   nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
net sales. net sales in our an segment increased $46 million, or 10%, to $506 million in 2019 from $460 million in 2018 due primarily to a 5% increase in sales volume and a 4% increase in average selling prices. sales volume increased due primarily to higher sales in north america as a result of strong demand. average selling prices increased to $240 per ton in 2019 compared to $230 per ton in 2018 due primarily to the impact of a tighter global nitrogen supply and demand balance.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our an segment averaged $189 per ton in 2019, a 9% decrease from $207 per ton in 2018. the decrease was due primarily to lower realized natural gas costs, partially offset by higher costs for turnaround and maintenance activity and the cost to purchase ammonia for upgrading to an when certain ammonia plants were in turnaround.
gross margin.  gross margin in our an segment increased by $61 million to $107 million in 2019 from $46 million in 2018, and our gross margin percentage was 21.1% in 2019 compared to 10.0% in 2018. the increase in gross margin was due to a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $50 million, a 4% increase in average selling prices, which increased gross margin by $34 million, and a 5% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $12 million. these factors were partially offset by a $35 million increase in other manufacturing and distribution costs.
47
cf industries holdings, inc.
other segment our other segment primarily includes the following products:
•   diesel exhaust fluid (def) is an aqueous urea solution typically made with 32.5% or 50% high-purity urea and the remainder deionized water.
•   urea liquor is a liquid product that we sell in concentrations of 40%, 50% and 70% urea as a chemical intermediate.
•   nitric acid is a nitrogen-based industrial product.
•   compound fertilizer products (npks) are solid granular fertilizer products for which the nutrient content is a combination of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium.
the following table presents summary operating data for our other segment:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                            2018              2017                       2019 v. 2018                       2018 v. 2017
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                 $359              $385              $319              $(26    )         (7   )%           $66              21   %
cost of sales                                                              297               335               272               (38    )        (11   )%            63              23   %
gross margin                                                               $62               $50               $47               $12              24   %             $3               6   %
gross margin percentage                                                   17.3   %          13.0   %          14.7   %           4.3    %                          (1.7   )%
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                      2,257             2,252             2,044                 5               -   %            208              10   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                    444               439               397                 5               1   %             42              11   %
average selling price per product ton                                     $159              $171              $156              $(12    )         (7   )%           $15              10   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                 $809              $877              $804              $(68    )         (8   )%           $73               9   %
gross margin per product ton                                               $27                 $                 $                $5              23   %            $(1    )         (4   )%
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                          $140              $114              $118               $26              23   %            $(4    )         (3   )%
depreciation and amortization                                              $72               $67               $57                $5               7   %            $10              18   %
unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives        $1               $(1   )            $4                $2             n/m                $(5    )        n/m
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)   nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
net sales. net sales in our other segment decreased $26 million, or 7%, to $359 million in 2019 from $385 million in 2018 due to a 7% decrease in average selling prices. the decrease in average selling prices is due primarily to the mix of products sold and increased global supply as a result of higher global operating rates driven by lower global energy prices.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our other segment averaged $132 per ton in 2019, an 11% decrease from $149 per ton in 2018, due primarily to lower realized natural gas costs and lower costs associated with plant turnaround and maintenance activity.
gross margin.  gross margin in our other segment increased by $12 million to $62 million in 2019 from $50 million in 2018, and our gross margin percentage was 17.3% in 2019 compared to 13.0% in 2018. the increase in gross margin was due to a decrease in realized natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $20 million, a $10 million decrease in other manufacturing and distribution costs, and a shift in the mix of products sold within the segment which increased gross margin by $5 million. these factors were partially offset by a 7% decrease in average selling prices, which reduced gross margin by $21 million, and the impact of a $1 million unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives in 2019 compared to a $1 million gain in 2018.
cf industries holdings, inc.
liquidity and capital resources our primary uses of cash are generally for operating costs, working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, investments, taxes, share repurchases and dividends. our working capital requirements are affected by several factors, including demand for our products, selling prices, raw material costs, freight costs and seasonal factors inherent in the business. in addition, we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, in open market or privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
generally, our primary source of cash is cash from operations, which includes cash generated by customer advances. we may also from time to time access the capital markets or engage in borrowings under our revolving credit agreement.
we generated net cash from operating activities in 2019 of $1.51 billion. the primary uses of our cash in 2019 were for the following items:
•   on november 13, 2019, we redeemed all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 7.125% senior notes due may 2020 (the 2020 notes), in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2020 notes. on december 13, 2019, we redeemed $250 million principal amount, representing 50% of the outstanding principal amount, of the 3.400% senior secured notes due 2021 (the 2021 notes), in accordance with the optional redemption provisions provided in the indenture governing the 2021 notes. the total amount paid for the redemption of the 2020 notes and the partial redemption of the 2021 notes was $769 million. see discussion under "debt," below, for further information.
•   in 2019, we repurchased approximately 7.6 million shares of cf holdings common stock for $337 million. see discussion under "share repurchase programs," below, for further information.
•   capital expenditures were $404 million in 2019, dividends paid to common stockholders were $265 million and distributions to the noncontrolling interest were $186 million.
at december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all applicable covenant requirements under our revolving credit agreement, senior notes and senior secured notes. there were no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit agreement as of december 31, 2019 or december 31, 2018, or during 2019 or 2018. see discussion under "debt," below, for further information.
our cash and cash equivalents balance was $287 million at december 31, 2019, a decrease of $395 million from $682 million at december 31, 2018. total long-term debt was $3,957 million as of december 31, 2019, a decrease of $741 million from $4,698 million at december 31, 2018.
cash equivalents cash equivalents include highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash with original maturities of three months or less. under our short-term investment policy, we may invest our cash balances, either directly or through mutual funds, in several types of investment-grade securities, including notes and bonds issued by governmental entities or corporations. securities issued by governmental entities include those issued directly by the u.s. and canadian federal governments; those issued by state, local or other governmental entities; and those guaranteed by entities affiliated with governmental entities.
share repurchase programs on august 1, 2018, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of cf holdings common stock through june 30, 2020 (the 2018 share repurchase program). in 2018, we completed the 2018 share repurchase program with the repurchase of 10.9 million shares for $500 million, of which $33 million was accrued as of december 31, 2018 and paid in january 2019. in february 2019, we retired all 10.9 million shares that were repurchased under the 2018 share repurchase program.
on february 13, 2019, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $1 billion of cf holdings common stock through december 31, 2021 (the 2019 share repurchase program). repurchases under the 2019 share repurchase program may be made from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, block transactions or otherwise. the manner, timing and amount of repurchases will be determined by our management based on the evaluation of market conditions, stock price, and other factors. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased approximately 7.6 million shares of cf holdings common stock for $337 million. in june and december of 2019, we retired approximately 4.2 million and 3.4 million shares, respectively, that were repurchased under the 2019 share repurchase program.
cf industries holdings, inc.
capital spending we make capital expenditures to sustain our asset base, increase our capacity, improve plant efficiency and comply with various environmental, health and safety requirements. capital expenditures were $404 million in 2019 compared to $422 million in 2018.
capital expenditures in 2020 are estimated to be in the range of $400 to $450 million. planned capital expenditures are subject to change due to delays in regulatory approvals or permitting, unanticipated increases in cost, changes in scope and completion time, performance of third parties, delay in the receipt of equipment, adverse weather, defects in materials and workmanship, labor or material shortages, transportation constraints, acceleration or delays in the timing of the work and other unforeseen difficulties.
government policies the policies or laws of governments around the world can result in the imposition of taxes, duties, tariffs or other restrictions or regulatory requirements on imports and exports of raw materials, finished goods or services from a particular country or region of the world. the policies and laws of governments can also impact the subsidization of natural gas prices, and subsidies or quotas applied to domestic producers or farmers. due to the critical role that fertilizers play in food production, the construction and operation of fertilizer plants often are influenced by economic, political and social objectives. additionally, the import or export of fertilizer can be subject to local taxes imposed by governments which can have the effect of either encouraging or discouraging import and export activity. the impact of changes in governmental policies or laws or the political or social objectives of a country could have a material impact on fertilizer demand and selling prices and therefore could impact our liquidity.
ethanol industry and the renewable fuel standard corn used to produce ethanol accounts for approximately 38% of total u.s. corn demand. u.s. government policy, as expressed in the renewable fuel standard (rfs), is a major determinant for the ethanol market. the rfs establishes minimum volumes of various types of renewable fuels, including ethanol, that must be included in the united states' supply of fuel for transportation. in addition, the u.s. congress, at various times, has proposed legislation to either modify or eliminate the rfs. while past legislation proposing changes to the rfs has not been enacted into law, there can be no assurance that future legislation will not be enacted into law. other factors that drive the ethanol market include the prices of ethanol, gasoline and corn. lower gasoline prices and fewer aggregate miles, driven by increased automobile fuel efficiency, may put pressure on ethanol prices that could result in reduced profitability and lower production for the ethanol industry, which could impact the demand for corn and nitrogen fertilizer and therefore could impact our liquidity.
settlement of terra amended tax returns the company completed the acquisition of terra in april 2010. after the acquisition, the company determined that the manner in which terra reported the repatriation of cash from foreign affiliates to its u.s. parent for u.s. and foreign income tax purposes was not appropriate. as a result, in 2012 the company amended certain tax returns, including terra's income and withholding tax returns, back to 1999 (the amended tax returns) to correct these tax returns and paid additional income and withholding taxes, and related interest and penalties. in early 2013, the irs commenced an examination of the u.s. tax aspects of the amended tax returns. in 2017, the company also made a voluntary disclosure filing with the canadian revenue agency (cra) with respect to the canadian tax aspects of this matter and paid additional canadian taxes due.
in early 2019, the irs completed its examination of the amended tax returns and submitted its audit reports and related refund claims to the joint committee. for purposes of its review, the joint committee separated the irs audit reports into two separate matters: (i) an income tax related matter and (ii) a withholding tax matter.
in december 2019, we received notification that the joint committee had approved the irs audit reports relating to the income tax related matter. as a result, we expect to receive a cash refund in the first half of 2020 of approximately $57 million, including interest. as a result of the approval by the joint committee, the company recognized in the fourth quarter of 2019 interest income of $5 million ($4 million, net of tax) and a reduction in income tax expense of $10 million as a result of the favorable settlement of certain uncertain tax positions.
the joint committee has not yet approved the irs audit report relating to the withholding tax matter. if this approval is received, we expect to receive an additional tax refund of approximately $29 million, excluding related interest, and record a reduction in income tax expense of approximately $12 million.
the company previously recorded a tax receivable of cad $27 million (or $21 million) related to the canadian tax aspects of this matter, which continues to be under review by the cra.
cf industries holdings, inc.
as a result of the joint committee approval of the amended tax returns, the irs has now completed their examination of the company's u.s. income tax returns, including all u.s. predecessor company returns, through 2011.
repatriation of foreign earnings and income taxes we have operations in canada, the united kingdom and a 50% interest in a joint venture in the republic of trinidad and tobago. historically, the estimated additional u.s. and foreign income taxes due upon repatriation of the earnings of these foreign operations to the u.s. were recognized in our consolidated financial statements as the earnings were recognized, unless the earnings were considered to be permanently reinvested based upon our then current plans. however, the cash payment of the income tax liabilities associated with repatriation of earnings from foreign operations occurred at the time of the repatriation. as a result, the recognition of income tax expense related to foreign earnings, as applicable, and the payment of taxes resulting from repatriation of those earnings could occur in different periods.
in light of changes made by the tax act, commencing with the 2018 tax year, the united states no longer taxes earnings of foreign subsidiaries even when such earnings are earned or repatriated to the united states, unless such earnings are subject to u.s. rules on passive income or certain anti-abuse provisions. foreign subsidiary earnings may still be subject to withholding taxes when repatriated to the united states.
cash balances held by our joint venture are maintained at sufficient levels to fund local operations as accumulated earnings are repatriated from the joint venture on a periodic basis.
as of december 31, 2019, approximately $42 million of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents balance of $287 million was held by our canadian and united kingdom subsidiaries. historically, the cash balance held by the canadian subsidiaries represented accumulated earnings of our foreign operations that were not considered to be permanently reinvested. as of december 31, 2019, as a result of the amounts accrued in the transition tax liability recorded in 2017 and 2018 as a result of the tax act, we would not expect any additional cash tax cost to repatriate the canadian and united kingdom cash balances if we were to repatriate this cash in the future, other than foreign withholding tax.
net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards as of december 31, 2018, we had net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards (collectively, the tax loss carryforwards) of $271 million. these tax loss carryforwards are available to reduce taxable income and thereby, reduce cash taxes in the united states and other tax jurisdictions in which they can be applied. as a result of the effective usage of certain of these tax loss carryforwards to offset current cash taxes payable, there are no u.s. federal tax loss carryforwards remaining as of december 31, 2019. as a result, we expect an increase in cash taxes in 2020, before taking into account income tax refunds related to the settlement of the terra amended tax returns.
debt revolving credit agreement on december 5, 2019, cf holdings and cf industries entered into a senior secured fourth amended and restated credit agreement (the revolving credit agreement), which amended and restated our third amended and restated revolving credit agreement, as previously amended (referred to herein, as in effect from time to time, as the prior credit agreement), that was scheduled to mature september 18, 2020. the revolving credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of up to $750 million with a maturity of december 5, 2024. the revolving credit agreement includes a letter of credit sub-limit of $125 million.
borrowings under the revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases and other general corporate purposes. cf industries, the lead borrower under the revolving credit agreement, may designate as additional borrowers one or more of its wholly owned subsidiaries that are organized in the united states or any state thereof, or the district of columbia, england and wales or any other jurisdiction as mutually agreed to by all of the lenders party to the revolving credit agreement, the administrative agent under the revolving credit agreement and cf industries.
borrowings under the revolving credit agreement may be denominated in u.s. dollars, canadian dollars, euro and british pounds, and bear interest at a per annum rate equal to an applicable eurocurrency rate or base rate plus, in either case, a specified margin, and the borrowers are required to pay an undrawn commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the commitments under the revolving credit agreement and customary letter of credit fees. the specified margin and the amount of the commitment fee depend on cf holdings' credit rating at the time.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the borrowers and guarantors under the revolving credit agreement, which are currently comprised of cf holdings, cf industries and cf holdings' wholly owned subsidiaries cf industries enterprises, llc (cfe), cf industries sales, llc (cfs), cf usa holdings, llc (cf usa), and cf industries distribution facilities, llc (cfidf), are referred to together herein as the loan parties. subject to specified exceptions, the revolving credit agreement requires that each direct or indirect domestic subsidiary of cf holdings that guarantees debt for borrowed money of any loan party in excess of $150 million become a guarantor under the revolving credit agreement. subject to specified exceptions, the revolving credit agreement requires a grant of a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the loan parties, including a pledge by cf usa of its equity interests in cfn and mortgages over certain material fee-owned domestic real properties, to secure the obligations of the loan parties thereunder.
in addition to the obligations under the revolving credit agreement, the loan parties also guarantee the obligations under any (i) letter of credit facilities, letter of credit reimbursement agreements, letters of credit, letters of guaranty, surety bonds or similar arrangements, (ii) interest rate or other hedging arrangements and (iii) agreements to provide automated clearing house transactions, cash management services or foreign exchange facilities or other cash management arrangements in the ordinary course of business, in each case between cf holdings or certain of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any person that is a lender or the administrative agent under the revolving credit agreement or an affiliate of such person, on the other hand, that are designated by cf industries as secured bilateral lc facilities, secured swap agreements or secured cash management agreements (each as defined in the revolving credit agreement), as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the revolving credit agreement. obligations under secured bilateral lc facilities, secured swap agreements and secured cash management agreements are secured by the same security interest that secures the obligations under the revolving credit agreement.
at any time that (i) no default or event of default exists under the revolving credit agreement and related documentation and (ii) (a) cf holdings attains an investment-grade rating as set forth in the revolving credit agreement; (b) cf industries' senior secured notes due 2021 and senior secured notes due 2026, including all fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable thereunder, have been paid or defeased or (c) cf industries' senior secured notes due 2021 and senior secured notes due 2026 cease to be secured by the assets of the loan parties that secure obligations under the revolving credit agreement, cf industries will have the right to require that (a) the security interest securing obligations under the revolving credit agreement be terminated and released and (b) each guarantor under the revolving credit agreement other than cf holdings be released from its obligations under the revolving credit agreement and related documentation.
the revolving credit agreement contains representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants customary for a financing of this type. the financial covenants applicable to cf holdings and its subsidiaries in the revolving credit agreement:
(i)   require that the interest coverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) be not less than 2.75:1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter and
(ii)   require that the total net leverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) be not greater than 3.75:1.00 (the maximum total net leverage ratio) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, provided that, if any borrower or subsidiary consummates a material acquisition during any fiscal quarter, cf industries may elect to increase the maximum total net leverage ratio to 4.25:1.00 for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters commencing with such fiscal quarter (and no further such election may be made unless and until the maximum total net leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.75:1.00 as of the end of two consecutive fiscal quarters after the end of such period).
as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all covenants under the revolving credit agreement.
the revolving credit agreement contains events of default (with notice requirements and cure periods, as applicable) customary for a financing of this type, including, but not limited to, non-payment of principal, interest or fees; inaccuracy of representations and warranties in any material respect; and failure to comply with specified covenants. upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the revolving credit agreement and after any applicable cure period, subject to specified exceptions, the administrative agent may, and at the request of the requisite lenders is required to, accelerate the loans under the revolving credit agreement or terminate the lenders' commitments under the revolving credit agreement.
as of december 31, 2019, we had excess borrowing capacity under the revolving credit agreement of $750 million and no outstanding letters of credit. in addition, there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit agreement as of december 31, 2019 or during 2019, and there were no borrowings outstanding under the prior credit agreement as of december 31, 2018 or during 2019 or 2018.
cf industries holdings, inc.
letters of credit in addition to the letters of credit that may be issued under the revolving credit agreement, as described above, we have also entered into a bilateral agreement with capacity to issue letters of credit up to $145 million (reflecting an increase of $20 million in january 2019). as of december 31, 2019, approximately $129 million of letters of credit were outstanding under this agreement.
senior notes long-term debt presented on our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 consisted of the following debt securities issued by cf industries:
effective interest rate                                                  december 31, 2019                                                  december 31, 2018
principal outstanding             carrying amount (1)              principal outstanding             carrying amount (1)
(in millions)
public senior notes:
7.125% due may 2020                    7.529%                             -                               -                                500                             497
3.450% due june 2023                    3.562%                           750                             747                                750                             747
5.150% due march 2034                    5.279%                           750                             740                                750                             740
4.950% due june 2043                    5.031%                           750                             742                                750                             741
5.375% due march 2044                    5.465%                           750                             741                                750                             741
senior secured notes:
3.400% due december 2021                    3.782%                           250                             248                                500                             495
4.500% due december 2026                    4.759%                           750                             739                                750                             737
total long-term debt                                                  $4,000                          $3,957                             $4,750                          $4,698
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   carrying amount is net of unamortized debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs. total unamortized debt discount was $10 million and $11 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and total deferred debt issuance costs were $33 million and $41 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
public senior notes on november 13, 2019, we redeemed in full all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 7.125% senior notes due may 2020 (the 2020 notes), in accordance with the optional redemption provisions in the indenture governing the 2020 notes. the total aggregate redemption price, excluding accrued interest paid on the 2020 notes in connection with the redemption, was approximately $512 million. as a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $12 million, primarily consisting of premiums paid for the early retirement of debt for the 2020 notes.
under the indentures (including the applicable supplemental indentures) governing our senior notes due 2023, 2034, 2043 and 2044 identified in the table above (the public senior notes), each series of public senior notes is guaranteed by cf holdings. from november 21, 2016 to november 13, 2019, the public senior notes were guaranteed not only by cf holdings, but also by certain 100% owned subsidiaries of cf holdings. the guarantee of the public senior notes in the case of each of those subsidiaries was subject to automatic release upon specified events, including the release of such subsidiary's guarantee of the 2020 notes. on november 13, 2019, as a result of the release of all subsidiary guarantees of the 2020 notes upon the retirement of, and satisfaction and discharge of the indenture governing, the 2020 notes, all subsidiary guarantees of the public senior notes were automatically released.
interest on the public senior notes is payable semiannually, and the public senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at specified make-whole redemption prices.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the indentures governing the public senior notes contain covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of cf holdings and its subsidiaries, including cf industries, to incur liens on certain assets to secure debt, to engage in sale and leaseback transactions, to merge or consolidate with other entities and to sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of cf holdings and its subsidiaries to another entity. each of the indentures governing the public senior notes provides for customary events of default, which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest on the applicable public senior notes; failure to comply with other covenants or agreements under the indenture; certain defaults on other indebtedness; the failure of cf holdings' guarantee of the applicable public senior notes to be enforceable; and specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency. under each indenture governing the public senior notes, in the case of an event of default arising from one of the specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the applicable public senior notes would become due and payable immediately, and, in the case of any other event of default (other than an event of default related to cf industries' and cf holdings' reporting obligations), the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the applicable public senior notes then outstanding may declare all of such public senior notes to be due and payable immediately.
under each of the indentures governing the public senior notes, specified changes of control involving cf holdings or cf industries, when accompanied by a ratings downgrade, as defined with respect to the applicable series of public senior notes, constitute change of control repurchase events. upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event with respect to a series of public senior notes, unless cf industries has exercised its option to redeem such public senior notes, cf industries will be required to offer to repurchase them at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
senior secured notes on november 21, 2016, cf industries issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.400% senior secured notes due 2021 (the 2021 notes) and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.500% senior secured notes due 2026 (the 2026 notes, and together with the 2021 notes, the senior secured notes). on december 13, 2019, we redeemed $250 million principal amount of the 2021 notes in accordance with the optional redemption provisions in the indenture governing the 2021 notes. the total aggregate redemption price, excluding accrued interest paid on the 2021 notes redeemed in connection with the redemption, was approximately $257 million. as a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $9 million, primarily consisting of premiums paid for the early retirement of debt for the 2021 notes.
interest on the senior secured notes is payable semiannually, and the senior secured notes are redeemable at our option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at specified make-whole redemption prices.
under the terms of the applicable indenture, the senior secured notes of each series are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by cf holdings and each current and future domestic subsidiary of cf holdings (other than cf industries) that from time to time is a borrower, or guarantees indebtedness, under the revolving credit agreement. the requirement for any subsidiary of cf holdings to guarantee the senior secured notes of a series will apply only until, and the subsidiary guarantees of the senior secured notes of a series will be automatically released upon, cf holdings having an investment grade corporate rating, with a stable or better outlook, from two of three selected ratings agencies and there being no default or event of default under the applicable indenture. the subsidiary guarantors of the senior secured notes currently consist of cfe, cfs, cf usa and cfidf.
subject to certain exceptions, the obligations under each series of senior secured notes and each guarantor's related guarantee are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of cf industries, cf holdings and the subsidiary guarantors, including a pledge by cf usa of its equity interests in cfn and mortgages over certain material fee-owned domestic real properties (the collateral). the obligations under the revolving credit agreement, together with certain letter of credit, cash management, hedging and similar obligations and future pari passu secured indebtedness, are secured by the collateral on a pari passu basis with the senior secured notes. the liens on the collateral securing the obligations under the senior secured notes of a series and the related guarantees will be automatically released and the covenant under the applicable indenture limiting dispositions of collateral will no longer apply if cf holdings has an investment grade corporate rating, with a stable or better outlook, from two of three selected ratings agencies and there is no default or event of default under the applicable indenture.
under each of the indentures governing the senior secured notes, specified changes of control involving cf holdings or cf industries, when accompanied by a ratings downgrade, as defined with respect to the applicable series of senior secured notes, constitute change of control repurchase events. upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event with respect to the 2021 notes or the 2026 notes, as applicable, unless cf industries has exercised its option to redeem such senior secured notes, cf industries will be required to offer to repurchase them at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the indentures governing the senior secured notes contain covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of cf holdings and its subsidiaries, including cf industries, to incur liens on certain assets to secure debt, to engage in sale and leaseback transactions, to sell or transfer collateral, to merge or consolidate with other entities and to sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of cf holdings and its subsidiaries to another entity. each of the indentures governing the senior secured notes provides for customary events of default, which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest on the applicable senior secured notes; failure to comply with other covenants or agreements under the indenture; certain defaults on other indebtedness; the failure of cf holdings' or certain subsidiaries' guarantees of the applicable senior secured notes to be enforceable; lack of validity or perfection of any lien securing the obligations under the senior secured notes and the guarantees with respect to collateral having an aggregate fair market value equal to or greater than a specified amount; and specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency. under each indenture governing the senior secured notes, in the case of an event of default arising from one of the specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the applicable senior secured notes would become due and payable immediately, and, in the case of any other event of default (other than an event of default related to cf industries' and cf holdings' reporting obligations), the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the applicable senior secured notes then outstanding may declare all of such senior secured notes to be due and payable immediately.
forward sales and customer advances we offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and on delivery dates we propose. therefore, our reported fertilizer selling prices and margins may differ from market spot prices and margins available at the time of shipment.
customer advances, which typically represent a portion of the contract's value, are received shortly after the contract is executed, with any remaining unpaid amount generally being collected by the time control transfers to the customer, thereby reducing or eliminating the accounts receivable related to such sales. any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales contracts are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until control transfers and revenue is recognized. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had $119 million and $149 million, respectively, in customer advances on our consolidated balance sheets.
while customer advances are generally a significant source of liquidity, the level of forward sales contracts is affected by many factors including current market conditions and our customers' outlook of future market fundamentals. during periods of declining prices, customers tend to delay purchasing fertilizer in anticipation that prices in the future will be lower than the current prices. if the level of sales under our forward sales programs were to decrease in the future, our cash received from customer advances would likely decrease and our accounts receivable balances would likely increase. additionally, borrowing under the revolving credit agreement could become necessary. due to the volatility inherent in our business and changing customer expectations, we cannot estimate the amount of future forward sales activity.
under our forward sales programs, a customer may delay delivery of an order due to weather conditions or other factors. these delays generally subject the customer to potential charges for storage or may be grounds for termination of the contract by us. such a delay in scheduled shipment or termination of a forward sales contract due to a customer's inability or unwillingness to perform may negatively impact our reported sales.
natural gas prices natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce nitrogen fertilizers. we use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, uan, an and other nitrogen products. expenditures on natural gas represent a significant portion of our production costs. for example, natural gas costs, including realized gains and losses, comprised approximately 35% of our total production costs in 2019. as a result, natural gas prices have a significant impact on our operating expenses and can thus affect our liquidity.
because most of our nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada, the price of natural gas in north america directly impacts a substantial portion of our operating expenses. due to increases in natural gas production resulting from the rise in production from shale gas formations, natural gas prices in north america have declined in the last decade, but are subject to volatility. during 2019, the daily closing price at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america, reached a low of $1.82 per mmbtu on three consecutive days in december 2019 and a high of $4.12 per mmbtu on march 5, 2019. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2019, the daily closing price at the henry hub reached a low of $1.82 per mmbtu on three consecutive days in december 2019 and a high of $6.88 per mmbtu on january 4, 2018.
we also have manufacturing facilities located in the united kingdom. these facilities are subject to fluctuations associated with the price of natural gas in europe. the major natural gas trading point for the united kingdom is the national cf industries holdings, inc.
balancing point (nbp). during 2019, the daily closing price at nbp reached a low of $2.36 per mmbtu on september 4, 2019 and a high of $7.91 per mmbtu on january 17, 2019. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2019, the daily closing price at nbp reached a low of $2.36 per mmbtu on september 4, 2019, and a high of $31.74 per mmbtu on march 2, 2018.
natural gas costs in our cost of sales, including the impact of realized natural gas derivatives, decreased 13% per mmbtu in 2019 from 2018.
derivative financial instruments we may use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to changes in prices for natural gas that will be purchased in the future. natural gas is the largest and most volatile component of our manufacturing cost for nitrogen-based fertilizers. from time to time, we may also use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. volatility in reported quarterly earnings can result from the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments in the value of the derivatives. in 2019 and 2018, we recognized an unrealized net mark-to-market loss (gain) on natural gas derivatives of $14 million and $(13) million, respectively, which is reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations.
derivatives expose us to counterparties and the risks associated with their ability to meet the terms of the contracts. for derivatives that are in net asset positions, we are exposed to credit loss from nonperformance by the counterparties. we control our credit risk through the use of multiple counterparties that are multinational commercial banks, other major financial institutions or large energy companies, and the use of international swaps and derivatives association (isda) master netting arrangements. the isda agreements are master netting arrangements commonly used for over-the-counter derivatives that mitigate exposure to counterparty credit risk, in part, by creating contractual rights of netting and setoff, the specifics of which vary from agreement to agreement.
the isda agreements for most of our derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features, such as cross default provisions and credit support thresholds. in the event of certain defaults or a credit ratings downgrade, our counterparty may request early termination and net settlement of certain derivative trades or may require us to collateralize derivatives in a net liability position. the revolving credit agreement, at any time when it is secured, provides a cross collateral feature for those of our derivatives that are with counterparties that are party to, or affiliates of parties to, the revolving credit agreement so that no separate collateral would be required for those counterparties in connection with such derivatives. in the event the revolving credit agreement becomes unsecured, separate collateral could be required in connection with such derivatives.
as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the aggregate fair value of the derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features in net liability positions was $12 million and zero, respectively, which also approximates the fair value of the maximum amount of additional collateral that would need to be posted or assets needed to settle the obligations if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered at the reporting dates. as of december 31, 2019, our open natural gas derivative contracts consisted of natural gas fixed price swaps, basis swaps and options for 41.1 million mmbtus. as of december 31, 2018, we had open natural gas derivative contracts for 6.6 million mmbtus of natural gas basis swaps. at both december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had no cash collateral on deposit with counterparties for derivative contracts. the credit support documents executed in connection with certain of our isda agreements generally provide us and our counterparties the right to set off collateral against amounts owing under the isda agreements upon the occurrence of a default or a specified termination event.
embedded derivative liability under the terms of our strategic venture with chs, if our credit rating as determined by two of three specified credit rating agencies is below certain levels, we are required to make a non-refundable yearly payment of $5 million to chs. since 2016, our credit ratings have been below certain levels and, as a result, we made an annual payment of $5 million to chs in the fourth quarter of each year. these payments will continue on a yearly basis until the earlier of the date that our credit rating is upgraded to or above certain levels by two of three specified credit rating agencies or february 1, 2026.
this obligation is recognized on our consolidated balance sheet as an embedded derivative and its value is included in other liabilities. see note 9-fair value measurements for additional information.
defined benefit pension plans we contributed $61 million to our pension plans in 2019. we expect to contribute approximately $42 million to our pension plans in 2020.
cf industries holdings, inc.
distributions on noncontrolling interest in cfn the cfn board of managers approved semi-annual distribution payments for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, in accordance with cfn's limited liability company agreement, as follows:
approved and paid       distribution period                            distribution amount (in millions)
first quarter of 2020   six months ended december 31, 2019                             $88
third quarter of 2019   six months ended june 30, 2019                                 100
first quarter of 2019   six months ended december 31, 2018                              86
third quarter of 2018   six months ended june 30, 2018                                  79
first quarter of 2018   six months ended december 31, 2017                              49
third quarter of 2017   six months ended june 30, 2017                                  59
cash flows operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in 2019 was $1,505 million as compared to $1,497 million in 2018, an increase of $8 million. the increase was due primarily to an increase in cash earnings generated by the business, partially offset by changes in working capital. the increase in cash earnings is due primarily to the increase in net earnings of $218 million to $646 million in 2019 from $428 million in 2018. the increase in net earnings was due primarily to lower realized natural gas costs, higher average selling prices and higher sales volume. the amounts of cash used to fund working capital changed between 2019 and 2018. cash used for working capital purposes increased in 2019 as $112 million of cash was used primarily to fund an increase in inventory and accounts receivable, and to fund a decrease in accounts payable, accrued liabilities and customer advances. in 2018, $127 million of cash was provided due to lower working capital levels such as declines in accounts receivable and increases in customer advances, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. in addition, we contributed $61 million to our pension plans in 2019 compared to $39 million in 2018, an increase of $22 million.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $319 million in 2019 compared to $375 million in 2018. during 2019, capital expenditures totaled $404 million compared to $422 million in 2018. net cash used in investing activities in 2019 included proceeds of $55 million related to the sale of our pine bend facility and $15 million related to property insurance proceeds received. net cash used in investing activities in 2018 included $10 million related to property insurance proceeds received.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $1,583 million in 2019 compared to $1,270 million in 2018. in 2019, we paid $769 million in connection with the redemption of the 2020 notes and the partial redemption of the 2021 notes. dividends paid on common stock in 2019 and 2018 were $265 million and $280 million, respectively. the decrease in dividends was due to lower shares outstanding as a result of shares repurchased under our share repurchase programs in 2018 and 2019. in 2019, we spent $370 million to repurchase shares of common stock, which included approximately $33 million related to shares repurchased in late 2018 that were paid for in 2019. in 2019 and 2018, we distributed $186 million and $139 million, respectively, to the noncontrolling interests.
net cash used in financing activities in 2018 included $388 million related to our acquisition of all of the outstanding publicly traded common units of tnclp. in addition, we repurchased 10.9 million shares for $500 million under the 2018 share repurchase program in the second half of 2018, of which $33 million was accrued and unpaid as of december 31, 2018.
57
cf industries holdings, inc.
contractual obligations the following is a summary of our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019:
2020                                                                    2021              2022                2023              2024      after 2024                    total
(in millions)
debt long-term debt(1)                                   $-              $250                $-                $750                $-          $3,000                   $4,000
interest payments on long-term debt(1)             186               186               177                 164               151          1,908                     2,772
other obligations operating leases                                    92                73                50                  37                30                 36                   318
equipment purchases and plant improvements         120                 3                 3                   -                 -          -                           126
transportation(2)                                    6                 3                 -                   -                 -          -                             9
purchase obligations(3)(4)                         759               177                40                  36                35                 26                 1,073
contributions to pension plans(5)                   42                25                                                      13          -                           131
total(6)(7)(8)                                  $1,205              $717              $295              $1,013              $229          $4,970                   $8,429
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   based on debt balances before discounts, offering expenses and interest rates as of december 31, 2019. interest payments also include undrawn commitment fees for our revolving credit facility and fees on letters of credit.
(2)   includes anticipated expenditures under certain contracts to transport finished product to and from our facilities. the majority of these arrangements allow for reductions in usage based on our actual operating rates. amounts set forth in this table are based on projected normal operating rates and contracted or current spot prices, where applicable, as of december 31, 2019 and actual operating rates and prices may differ.
(3)   includes minimum commitments to purchase and transport natural gas based on prevailing market-based forward prices as of december 31, 2019 excluding reductions for plant maintenance and turnaround activities. purchase obligations do not include any amounts related to our natural gas derivatives. see note 15-derivative financial instruments for additional information.
(4)   includes a commitment to purchase ammonia from plnl at market-based prices under an agreement that expires in september 2020. the purchase commitment is $53 million based on market prices as of december 31, 2019. this agreement includes automatic consecutive one-year renewals, unless otherwise terminated by either party in advance. assuming the agreement is not terminated by either party and based on market prices as of december 31, 2019, the annual commitment would be $71 million.
(5)   represents, for 2020, the contributions we expect to make to our north america and u.k. pension plans and, for 2021 through 2024, contributions to our u.k. plans as agreed with the plans' trustees. our pension funding policy is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet minimum legal funding requirements plus discretionary amounts that we may deem to be appropriate.
(6)   excludes $137 million of unrecognized tax benefits, due to the uncertainty in the timing of potential tax payments, and the remaining transition tax liability of $42 million resulting from the enactment of the tax act. see note 10-income taxes for additional information.
(7)   excludes $8 million of environmental remediation liabilities due to the uncertainty in the timing of payments.
(8)   excludes $5 million annual payments to chs related to our embedded derivative due to uncertainty of future credit ratings, as this is only applicable until the earlier of the date that our credit rating is upgraded to or above certain levels by two of three specified credit rating agencies or february 1, 2026. see note 9-fair value measurements or note 17-noncontrolling interests for additional information.
cf industries holdings, inc.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. see "recent accounting pronouncements," below, for a discussion of our january 1, 2019 adoption of accounting standards update (asu) no. 2016-02, leases (topic 842).
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. u.s. gaap requires that we select policies and make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates. we base our estimates on historical experience, technological assessment, opinions of appropriate outside experts, and the most recent information available to us. actual results may differ from these estimates. changes in estimates that may have a material impact on our results are discussed in the context of the underlying financial statements to which they relate. the following discussion presents information about our most critical accounting policies and estimates.
income taxes we recognize expenses, assets and liabilities for income taxes based on estimates of amounts that ultimately will be determined to be taxable or deductible in tax returns filed in various jurisdictions. u.s. income taxes are provided on that portion of the earnings of foreign subsidiaries that is expected to be remitted to the u.s. and be taxable. the final taxes paid are dependent upon many factors and judgments, including negotiations with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and resolution of disputes arising from federal, state and international tax audits. the judgments made at any point in time may change from previous conclusions based on the outcome of tax audits, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of, tax laws and regulations. we adjust income tax expense in the period in which these changes occur.
income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are projected to be recovered or settled. realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient taxable income of an appropriate character in future periods. a valuation allowance is established if it is determined to be more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. significant judgment is applied in evaluating the need for and the magnitude of appropriate valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are reported as interest expense and income tax expense, respectively.
historically, a deferred income tax liability was recorded for income taxes that would result from the repatriation of the portion of the investment in our non-u.s. subsidiaries and joint venture that were considered to not be permanently reinvested. no deferred income tax liability was recorded for the remainder of our investment in non-u.s. subsidiaries and joint venture, which we believed to be permanently reinvested. in light of changes made by the tax act, the company continues to evaluate whether it will continue to treat foreign subsidiary earnings as being permanently reinvested.
as a large commercial enterprise with international operations, our income tax expense and our effective tax rate may change from period to period due to many factors. the most significant of these factors are changes in tax legislation in the countries in which we operate, changes in the geographic mix of earnings, the tax characteristics of our income, the ability to realize certain foreign tax credits and net operating losses, and the portion of the income of our foreign subsidiaries and foreign joint venture that could be subjected to u.s. taxation. it is reasonably likely that these items will impact income tax expense, net income and liquidity in future periods.
we operate in a number of countries and as a result have a significant amount of cross border transactions. the taxability of cross border transactions has received an increasing level of scrutiny among regulators in countries across the globe, including the countries in which we operate. the tax rules and regulations within the various countries in which we operate are complex and in many cases there is not symmetry between the rules of the various countries. as a result, there are instances where regulators within the countries involved in a cross border transaction may reach different conclusions regarding the taxability of the transaction in their respective jurisdictions based on the same set of facts and circumstances. we work closely with regulators to reach a common understanding and conclusion regarding the taxability of cross border transactions.  however, there are instances where reaching a common understanding is not possible or practical. as of december 31, 2019, we have recorded a reserve for unrecognized tax benefits, including penalties and interest, of $137 million, which includes certain potential tax exposures involving cross border transactions. this amount represents our best estimate of the potential amounts due based on our interpretations of the rules and the facts and circumstances of the transactions. differences in cf industries holdings, inc.
interpretation of the tax laws, including agreements between governments surrounding our cross border transactions, can result in differences in taxes paid which may be higher or lower than our estimates.
recoverability of long-lived assets, goodwill and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries we review the carrying values of our property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets, including our finite-lived intangible assets, goodwill and investments in affiliates including joint ventures in accordance with u.s. gaap in order to assess recoverability. factors that we must estimate when performing impairment tests include sales volume, selling prices, raw material costs, operating rates, operating expenses, inflation, discount rates, exchange rates, tax rates and capital spending. significant judgment is involved in estimating each of these factors, which include inherent uncertainties. the factors we use are consistent with those used in our internal planning process. the recoverability of the values associated with our goodwill, long-lived assets and investments in unconsolidated affiliates is dependent upon future operating performance of the specific businesses to which they are attributed. certain of the operating assumptions are particularly sensitive to the cyclical nature of the fertilizer business. adverse changes in demand for our products, increases in supply and the availability and costs of key raw materials could significantly affect the results of our review.
the recoverability and impairment tests of long-lived assets are required only when conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for goodwill, impairment tests are required at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that it may be impaired. our investments in unconsolidated affiliates are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. when circumstances indicate that the fair value of our investment in any such affiliate is less than its carrying value, and the reduction in value is other than temporary, the reduction in value is recognized immediately in earnings.
plnl is our joint venture investment in the republic of trinidad and tobago and operates an ammonia plant that relies on natural gas supplied, under the ngc contract, by ngc. the joint venture is accounted for under the equity method. the joint venture experienced past curtailments in the supply of natural gas from ngc, which reduced the ammonia production at plnl. the ngc contract had an initial expiration date of september 2018 and was extended on the same terms until september 2023. any ngc commitment to supply gas beyond 2023 will be based on new agreements. if ngc does not make sufficient quantities of natural gas available to plnl at prices that permit profitable operations, plnl may cease operating its facility and we would write off the remaining investment in plnl.
in 2016 and 2015, we recognized impairment charges of $134 million and $62 million, respectively, related to plnl as part of our impairment assessments of our equity method investment in plnl. the carrying value of our equity method investment in plnl at december 31, 2019 is $88 million.
the u.k. government held a referendum on the u.k.'s membership in the european union (eu) in june 2016, which resulted in the electorate voting in favor of the u.k. exit from the eu (brexit). on january 31, 2020, the united kingdom left the eu. while the united kingdom will no longer be a member of the eu, it will still be subject to eu rules and remain a member of the customs union for a period of time as it negotiates the rules to be applied to future trading, taxes, and other relationships. we operate two nitrogen manufacturing facilities in the united kingdom, which utilize foreign-sourced materials and equipment, and which also export products in addition to serving customers in the united kingdom. brexit, including its indirect effects, could impact us in the future. for example, the cost and availability of natural gas or other raw materials or equipment that we purchase and the demand or selling prices for the nitrogen products that we sell, could be impacted by additions, deletions or changes to tariffs, duties, trade restrictions or other factors. brexit could lead to changes in trade flows, trading relationships, the movement of production to alternative locations, or the curtailment of certain production at certain sites. brexit could also impact foreign exchange rates or u.k. interest rates, which could impact our operations or the valuation of our assets and liabilities. since the u.k. referendum in june 2016, the united kingdom has experienced increases in the volatility of foreign exchange rates, which impacted our operations. as a result of the uncertainty of brexit, including its indirect effects, changes in the future profitability, asset utilization, or business valuation of our u.k. operations could negatively impact us and may result in an impairment of our long-lived assets or goodwill. as of december 31, 2019, long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, related to the united kingdom was $708 million, and goodwill, primarily included in our an segment, was $275 million.
we evaluate goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter at the reporting unit level. our evaluation can begin with a qualitative assessment of the factors that could impact the significant inputs used to estimate fair value. if after performing the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, then no further analysis is necessary. however, if it is unclear based on the results of the qualitative test, we perform a quantitative test, which involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. we use an income-based valuation method, determining the present value of future cash flows, to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its positive carrying amount, goodwill of cf industries holdings, inc.
the reporting unit is considered not impaired, and no further testing is necessary. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill impairment would be recognized equal to the amount of the carrying value in excess of the reporting unit's fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. we identified no goodwill impairment in 2019, 2018 or 2017. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the carrying value of our goodwill was $2.37 billion and $2.35 billion, respectively.
intangible assets identified in connection with our 2010 acquisition of terra consist of customer relationships, which are being amortized over a period of 18 years. the intangible assets identified in connection with our 2015 acquisition of cf fertilisers uk consist of customer relationships and trade names which are being amortized over a period of approximately 20 years. our intangible assets are presented in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. see note 7-goodwill and other intangible assets for additional information regarding our goodwill and other intangible assets.
pension assets and liabilities pension assets and liabilities are affected by the fair value of plan assets, estimates of the expected return on plan assets, plan design, actuarial estimates and discount rates. actual changes in the fair value of plan assets and differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets affect the amount of pension expense ultimately recognized. key assumptions that affect our projected benefit obligation (pbo) are discount rates and, in addition for our united kingdom plans, an adjusted retail price index (rpi). key assumptions affecting pension expense include discount rates, the expected long-term rate of return on assets (eroa) and, in addition for our united kingdom plans, rpi.
the december 31, 2019 pbo was computed based on a weighted-average discount rate of 3.1% for our north america plans and 2.0% for our united kingdom plans, which were based on yields for high-quality (aa rated or better) fixed income debt securities that match the timing and amounts of expected benefit payments as of the measurement date of december 31. declines in comparable bond yields would increase our pbo. the weighted-average discount rate used to calculate pension expense in 2019 was 4.1% for north america plans and 2.9% for united kingdom plans. our net benefit obligation, after deduction of plan assets, could increase or decrease depending on the extent to which returns on pension plan assets are lower or higher than the discount rate. the 4.6% weighted-average eroa used to calculate pension expense in 2019 for our north america plans is based on studies of actual rates of return achieved by equity and non-equity investments, both separately and in combination over historical holding periods. the 4.4% weighted-average eroa used to calculate pension expense in 2019 for our united kingdom plans is based on expected long-term performance of underlying investments. the eroa for both north america and united kingdom plans are adjusted for expenses and diversification bonuses. for our united kingdom plans, the 3.0% rpi used to calculate our pbo and the 3.3% rpi used to calculate 2019 pension expense are developed using the bank of england implied retail price inflation curve, which is based on the difference between yields on fixed interest government bonds and index-linked government bonds.
for north america qualified pension plans, our pbo was $839 million as of december 31, 2019, which was $49 million higher than pension plan assets. for our united kingdom pension plans, our pbo was $597 million as of december 31, 2019 which was $179 million higher than pension plan assets. the tables below estimate the impact of a 50 basis point increase or decrease in the key assumptions on our december 31, 2019 pbo and 2019 pension expense:
north america plans increase/(decrease) in                        increase/(decrease) in december 31, 2019 pbo                         2019 pension expense assumption      +50 bps                 -50 bps               +50 bps                         -50 bps
(in millions)
discount rate   $(48        )           $54                   $-                             $1
eroa            n/a                     n/a                   (3          )     3
united kingdom plans increase/(decrease) in                        increase/(decrease) in december 31, 2019 pbo                         2019 pension expense assumption      +50 bps                 -50 bps               +50 bps                 -50 bps
(in millions)
discount rate   $(47        )           $55                   $                       $-
eroa            n/a                     n/a                   (2          )
rpi             32                      (29         )     1                           (1          )
see note 11-pension and other postretirement benefits for further discussion of our pension plans.
cf industries holdings, inc.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3-new accounting standards for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, including our january 1, 2019 adoption of asu no. 2016-02, leases (topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize the rights and obligations resulting from virtually all leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease) on their balance sheets as right-of-use assets with corresponding lease liabilities.
