item 1a.     risk factors.
risks related to our business we operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations and financial results.
the industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. in some instances, we compete against companies with fewer regulatory burdens, access to better financing, greater personnel resources, greater resources for marketing, greater and more favorable brand name recognition, and long-established relationships with regulatory authorities and customers. increasing consolidation in the telecommunications and content industries have provided additional benefits to certain of our competitors, either through access to financing, resources, or efficiencies of scale including the ability to launch new video services.
our video service faces competition from a number of sources, including dbs services, as well as other companies that deliver linear network programming, movies and television shows on demand and other video content over broadband internet connections to televisions, computers, tablets and mobile devices often with password sharing among multiple users and security that makes content susceptible to piracy. newer products and services, particularly alternative methods for the distribution, sale and viewing of content will likely continue to be developed, further increasing the number of competitors that we face.
the increasing number of choices available to audiences, including low-cost or free choices, could negatively impact not only consumer demand for our products and services, but also advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us. we compete for the sale of advertising revenue with television networks and stations, as well as other advertising platforms, such as radio, print and, increasingly, online media.
our internet service faces competition from the phone companies' ftth, fttn, dsl and wireless broadband offerings as well as from a variety of companies that offer other forms of online services, including fixed wireless and satellite-based broadband services. various mobile phone companies offer wireless internet services delivered over networks which they continue to enhance to deliver faster speeds and some began deploying 5g mobile services in 2019 with plans to expand 5g more broadly in the 2020. our voice and mobile services compete with wireless and wireline phone providers, as well as other forms of communication, such as text messaging on cellular phones, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. competition from these companies, including intensive marketing efforts with aggressive pricing, exclusive programming and increased hd broadcasting may have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain customers.
15
wireline and wireless overbuilds could also adversely affect our growth, financial condition, and results of operations, by creating or increasing competition. we are aware of traditional overbuild situations impacting certain of our service areas, however, we are unable to predict the extent to which additional overbuild situations may occur.
our services may not allow us to compete effectively. our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position with respect to the leisure time and discretionary spending of our customers and, as a result, affect our business and results of operations. competition may also reduce our expected growth of future cash flows which may contribute to future impairments of our franchises and goodwill and our ability to meet cash flow requirements, including debt service requirements. for additional information regarding the competition we face, see "item 1. business -competition" and "-regulation and legislation."
we face risks inherent in our commercial business.
we may encounter unforeseen difficulties as we increase the scale of our service offerings to businesses. we sell internet access, data networking and fiber connectivity to office buildings and cellular towers, and video and business voice services to businesses. in order to grow our commercial business, we expect to continue to invest in technology, equipment and personnel focused on the commercial business. commercial business customers often require service level agreements and generally have heightened customer expectations for reliability of services. if our efforts to build the infrastructure to scale the commercial business are not successful, the growth of our commercial services business would be limited. we depend on interconnection and related services provided by certain third parties for the growth of our commercial business. as a result, our ability to implement changes as the services grow may be limited. if we are unable to meet these service level requirements or expectations, our commercial business could be adversely affected. competition continues to increase as well, as more companies deploy more fiber to more buildings, which may negatively impact our growth and/or put pressure on margins. finally, we expect advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment. consequently, we are unable to predict the effect that ongoing or future developments in these areas might have on our commercial businesses and operations.
programming costs per video customer are rising at a much faster rate than wages or inflation, and we may not have the ability to reduce or moderate the growth rates of, or pass on to our customers, our increasing programming costs, which would adversely affect our cash flow and operating margins.
video programming has been, and is expected to continue to be, our largest operating expense item. in recent years, the cable industry has experienced a rapid escalation in programming rates. media corporation consolidation has resulted in fewer suppliers and additional selling power on the part of programming suppliers. we expect programming rates will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services. the inability to fully pass programming cost increases on to our customers has had, and is expected in the future to have, an adverse impact on our cash flow and operating margins associated with the video product. the contracts set to expire in any particular year vary. there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed on favorable or comparable terms. in addition, a number of programmers have begun to sell their services through alternative distribution channels, including ip-based platforms, which are less secure than our own video distribution platforms. there is growing evidence that these less secure video distribution platforms are leading to video product theft via password sharing among consumers. password sharing may drive down the number of customers who pay for certain programming, putting programmer revenues at risk, and which in turn may cause certain programmers to seek even higher programming fees from us. the ability for consumers to receive the same content for free through such unauthorized channels has devalued our video product which could impact sales, customer retention and our ability to pass through programming costs to consumers, which increases the risk of non-renewal when programmers seek increases. to the extent that we are unable to reach agreement with certain programmers on terms that we believe are reasonable, we have been, and may be in the future, forced to remove such programming channels from our line-up, which may result in a loss of customers. our failure to carry programming that is attractive to our customers could adversely impact our customer levels, operations and financial results. in addition, if our internet customers are unable to access desirable content online because content providers block or limit access by our customers as a class, our ability to gain and retain customers, especially internet customers, may be negatively impacted.
increased demands by owners of some broadcast stations for carriage of other services or payments to those broadcasters for retransmission consent are likely to further increase our programming costs. federal law allows commercial television broadcast stations to make an election between "must-carry" rights and an alternative "retransmission-consent" regime. when a station opts for the retransmission consent regime, we are not allowed to carry the station's signal without that station's permission. in some cases, we carry stations under short-term arrangements while we attempt to negotiate new long-term retransmission agreements. if negotiations with these programmers prove unsuccessful, they could require us to cease carrying their signals, possibly for an indefinite period. any loss of stations could make our video service less attractive to customers, which could result in less
16
subscription and advertising revenue. in retransmission-consent negotiations, broadcasters often condition consent with respect to one station on carriage of one or more other stations or programming services in which they or their affiliates have an interest. carriage of these other services, as well as increased fees for retransmission rights, may increase our programming expenses and diminish the amount of capacity we have available to introduce new services, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
our inability to respond to technological developments and meet customer demand for new products and services could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.
we operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. from time to time, we may pursue strategic initiatives, including, for example, our wireless strategy which includes the launch of our mobile product through an mvno and testing the deployment of unlicensed and licensed spectrum for fixed and mobile wireless services. our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. we may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new products and services. if we choose technologies or equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive to customers than those chosen by our competitors, if we offer services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or that do not function as expected, or we are not able to fund the expenditures necessary to keep pace with technological developments, our competitive position could deteriorate, and our business and financial results could suffer.
the ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in competitors' product and service offerings may require us in the future to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer, at no additional charge or at a lower price, certain products and services that we currently offer to customers separately or at a premium. in addition, the uncertainty of our ability, and the costs, to obtain intellectual property rights from third parties could impact our ability to respond to technological advances in a timely and effective manner.
our inability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services such as a state of the art user interface in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. in addition, as we launch our new mobile services using virtual network operator rights from a third party, we expect an initial funding period to grow a new product as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide the handset or tablet pursuant to equipment installation plans. consequently, our growth, financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially.
we depend on third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired, and our growth, operations, business, financial results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
we depend on a limited number of third-party service providers, suppliers and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide some of our services. some of our hardware, software and operational support vendors, and service providers represent our sole source of supply or have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a position of some exclusivity. if any of these parties breaches or terminates its agreement with us or otherwise fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner, demand exceeds these vendors' capacity, tariffs are imposed that impact vendors' ability to perform their obligations or significantly increase the amount we pay, they experience operating or financial difficulties, they significantly increase the amount we pay for necessary products or services, or they cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand, profitability or a change in ownership or are otherwise unable to provide the equipment or services we need in a timely manner, at our specifications and at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some services might be materially adversely affected, or the need to procure or develop alternative sources of the affected materials or services might delay our ability to serve our customers. in addition, the existence of only a limited number of vendors of key technologies can lead to less product innovation and higher costs. these events could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain and attract customers and our operations, business, financial results and financial condition.
our business may be adversely affected if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends.
we rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in our operations. also, because of the rapid pace of technological change, we both develop our own technologies, products and services and rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties. however, any of our intellectual property rights, or
17
the rights of our suppliers, could be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm. we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if at all. in addition, claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, which could require us to change our business practices or offerings and limit our ability to compete effectively. even unsuccessful claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management's attention and resources away from our business. infringement claims continue to be brought frequently in the communications and entertainment industries, and we are also often a party to such litigation alleging that certain of our services or technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
various events could disrupt or result in unauthorized access to our networks, information systems or properties and could impair our operating activities and negatively impact our reputation and financial results.
network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses, such as network management and supplying services to our customers, including customer service operations and programming delivery. network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking, phishing, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, "cyber attacks," process breakdowns, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity pose increasing risks. both unsuccessful and successful "cyber attacks" on companies have continued to increase in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. while we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as techniques used in such attacks become more sophisticated and change frequently. we, and the third parties on which we rely, may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. while from time to time attempts have been made to access our network, these attempts have not as yet resulted in any material release of information, degradation or disruption to our network and information systems.
our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters (including extreme weather arising from short-term or any long-term changes in weather patterns), terrorist attacks and similar events. our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities.
any of these events, if directed at, or experienced by, us or technologies upon which we depend, could have adverse consequences on our network, our customers and our business, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers, and damage to our or our customers' equipment and data. large expenditures may be necessary to repair or replace damaged property, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance that we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result. any such significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. any significant loss of customers or revenue, or significant increase in costs of serving those customers, could adversely affect our growth, financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, our operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors, including customer, personnel and vendor data. we provide certain confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with our business, and there is a risk that this information may be compromised.
we process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including the personal information of our customers. ongoing increases in the potential for mis-use of personal information, the public's awareness of the importance of safeguarding personal information, and the volume of legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy, and security of personal information have resulted in increases to our information-related risks. we could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation, credibility and business and have a negative impact on our revenue. we could be subject to regulatory actions and claims made by consumers in private litigations involving privacy issues related to consumer data collection and use practices. we also could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach.
18
our exposure to the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors and third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
we are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, the potential financial instability of our customers and their financial ability to purchase our products. if there were a general economic downturn, we may experience increased cancellations or non-payment by our customers or unfavorable changes in the mix of products purchased. this may include an increase in the number of homes that replace their video service with internet-delivered and/or over-air content, as well as an increase in the number of internet and voice customers substituting mobile data and voice products for wireline services, which would negatively impact our ability to attract customers, increase rates and maintain or increase revenue. in addition, our ability to gain new customers is dependent to some extent on growth in occupied housing in our service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on our advertising revenue. these events have adversely affected us in the past, and may adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition if a downturn were to occur.
in addition, we are susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors and third parties on which we rely to provide products and services or to which we outsource certain functions. the same economic conditions that may affect our customers, as well as volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, also could adversely affect vendors and third parties and lead to significant increases in prices, reduction in output or the bankruptcy of our vendors or third parties upon which we rely. any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operation and financial condition.
for tax purposes, charter could experience a deemed ownership change in the future that could limit its ability to use its tax loss carryforwards.
charter had approximately $7.5 billion of federal tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $1.6 billion as of december 31, 2019. these losses resulted from the operations of charter communications holding company, llc ("charter holdco") and its subsidiaries and from loss carryforwards received as a result of the merger with twc. federal tax net operating loss carryforwards expire in the years 2020 through 2035. in addition, charter had state tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset (net of federal tax benefit) of approximately $257 million as of december 31, 2019. state tax net operating loss carryforwards generally expire in the years 2020 through 2039.
in the past, charter has experienced ownership changes as defined in section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). in general, an ownership change occurs whenever the percentage of the stock of a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by 5-percent stockholders (within the meaning of section 382 of the code) increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock of such corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by such 5-percent stockholders at any time over the preceding three years. as a result, charter is subject to an annual limitation on the use of its loss carryforwards which existed at november 30, 2009 for the first ownership change, those that existed at may 1, 2013 for the second ownership change, and those created at may 18, 2016 for the third ownership change. the limitation on charter's ability to use its loss carryforwards, in conjunction with the loss carryforward expiration provisions, could reduce charter's ability to use a portion of its loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income, which could result in charter being required to make material cash tax payments. charter's ability to make such income tax payments, if any, will depend at such time on its liquidity or its ability to raise additional capital, and/or on receipt of payments or distributions from charter holdco and its subsidiaries.
if charter were to experience additional ownership changes in the future (as a result of purchases and sales of stock by its 5-percent stockholders, new issuances or redemptions of our stock, certain acquisitions of its stock and issuances, redemptions, sales or other dispositions or acquisitions of interests in its 5-percent stockholders), charter's ability to use its loss carryforwards could become subject to further limitations.
if we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to manage our business could be adversely affected.
our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. our ability to retain and hire new key employees for management positions could be impacted adversely by the competitive environment for management talent in the broadband communications industry. the loss of the services of key members of management and the inability or delay in hiring new key employees could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our future operational and financial results.
19
risks related to our indebtedness we have a significant amount of debt and expect to incur significant additional debt, including secured debt, in the future, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes in our business.
we have a significant amount of debt and expect to (subject to applicable restrictions in our debt instruments) incur additional debt in the future as we maintain our stated objective of 4.0 to 4.5 times adjusted ebitda leverage (our net debt divided by our last twelve months adjusted ebitda). as of december 31, 2019, our total principal amount of debt was approximately $78.4 billion with a leverage ratio of 4.5 times adjusted ebitda.
our significant amount of debt could have consequences, such as:
•   impact our ability to raise additional capital at reasonable rates, or at all;
•   make us vulnerable to interest rate increases, in part because approximately 14% of our borrowings as of december 31, 2019 were, and may continue to be, subject to variable rates of interest;
•   expose us to increased interest expense to the extent we refinance existing debt with higher cost debt;
•   require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operating activities to make payments on our debt, reducing our funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate expenses;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, the cable and telecommunications industries, and the economy at large;
•   place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have proportionately less debt; and
•   adversely affect our relationship with customers and suppliers.
to the extent our current debt amounts increase more than expected, our business results are lower than expected, or credit rating agencies downgrade our debt limiting our access to investment grade markets, the related risks that we now face will intensify. in addition, our variable rate indebtedness may use london interbank offering rate ("libor") as a benchmark for establishing the rate. the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, has announced that it intends to stop encouraging or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor rates after 2021 (the "fca announcement"). the fca announcement indicates that the continuation of libor on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021 and, based on the foregoing, it appears likely that libor will be discontinued or modified by 2021.  the effects of the fca announcement cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.
the agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity.
our credit facilities and the indentures governing our debt contain a number of significant covenants that could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our liquidity, and our results of operations. these covenants restrict, among other things, our and our subsidiaries' ability to:
•   incur additional debt;
•   repurchase or redeem equity interests and debt;
•   issue equity;
•   make certain investments or acquisitions;
•   pay dividends or make other distributions;
•   dispose of assets or merge;
•   enter into related party transactions; and
•   grant liens and pledge assets.
additionally, the charter communications operating, llc ("charter operating") credit facilities require charter operating to comply with a maximum total leverage covenant and a maximum first lien leverage covenant. the breach of any covenants or obligations in our indentures or credit facilities, not otherwise waived or amended, could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. in addition, the secured lenders under our notes and the charter operating credit facilities could foreclose on their collateral, which includes equity interests in our subsidiaries, and exercise other rights of secured creditors.
20
risks related to ownership position of liberty broadband corporation and advance/newhouse partnership liberty broadband and advance/newhouse partnership ("a/n") have governance rights that give them influence over corporate transactions and other matters.
liberty broadband currently owns a significant amount of charter class a common stock and is entitled to certain governance rights with respect to charter. a/n currently owns charter class a common stock and a significant amount of membership interests in our subsidiary charter communications holdings, llc ("charter holdings"), that are convertible into charter class a common stock and is entitled to certain governance rights with respect to charter. members of the charter board of directors include a director who is also an officer and director of liberty broadband and directors who are current or former officers and directors of a/n. mr. greg maffei is the president and chief executive officer of liberty broadband. steven miron is the chief executive officer of a/n and michael newhouse is an officer or director of several of a/n's affiliates. as of december 31, 2019, liberty broadband beneficially held approximately 25% of charter's voting stock (including shares owned by gci liberty, inc. ("gci liberty," formerly known as liberty interactive corporation) over which liberty broadband holds an irrevocable voting proxy) and a/n beneficially held approximately 13% of charter's voting stock. pursuant to the stockholders agreement between liberty broadband, a/n and charter, liberty broadband currently has the right to designate up to three directors as nominees for charter's board of directors and a/n currently has the right to designate up to two directors as nominees for charter's board of directors. each of a/n and liberty broadband is entitled to nominate at least one director to each of the committees of charter's board of directors, subject to applicable stock exchange listing rules and certain specified voting or equity ownership thresholds for each of a/n and liberty broadband, and provided that the nominating and corporate governance committee and the compensation and benefit committee each have at least a majority of directors independent from a/n, liberty broadband and charter (referred to as the "unaffiliated directors").
in connection with the merger with twc, liberty broadband and gci liberty entered into a proxy and right of first refusal agreement, pursuant to which gci liberty granted liberty broadband an irrevocable proxy to vote all charter class a common stock owned beneficially or of record by gci liberty, with certain exceptions. in addition, at the closing of the acquisition of bright house, a/n and liberty broadband entered into a proxy agreement pursuant to which a/n granted to liberty broadband a 5-year irrevocable proxy (which we refer to as the "a/n proxy") to vote, subject to certain exceptions, that number of shares of charter class a common stock and charter class b common stock, in each case held by a/n (such shares are referred to as the "proxy shares"), that will result in liberty broadband having voting power in charter equal to 25.01% of the outstanding voting power of charter, provided, that the voting power of the proxy shares is capped at 7.0% of the outstanding voting power of charter. in december of 2019, liberty broadband's voting power in charter exceeded 25.01% and, therefore, as of december 31, 2019, the a/n proxy had no impact on liberty broadband's voting power. the stockholders agreement and charter's amended and restated certificate of incorporation fixes the size of the board at 13 directors. liberty broadband and a/n are required to vote (subject to the applicable voting cap) their respective shares of charter class a common stock and charter class b common stock for the director nominees nominated by the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors, including the respective designees of liberty broadband and a/n, and against any other nominees, except that, with respect to the unaffiliated directors, liberty broadband and a/n must instead vote in the same proportion as the voting securities are voted by stockholders other than a/n and liberty broadband or any group which includes any of them are voted, if doing so would cause a different outcome with respect to the unaffiliated directors. in addition, because liberty broadband's voting power exceeds its voting cap of 25.01%, liberty broadband must vote and exercise rights to consent with respect to voting securities held in excess of the voting cap in the same proportion as all other votes cast by stockholders other than a/n and liberty broadband with respect to the applicable matter. as a result of their rights under the stockholders agreement and their significant equity and voting stakes in charter, liberty broadband and/or a/n, who may have interests different from those of other stockholders, will be able to exercise substantial influence over certain matters relating to the governance of charter, including the approval of significant corporate actions, such as mergers and other business combination transactions.
the stockholders agreement provides a/n and liberty broadband with preemptive rights with respect to issuances of charter equity in connection with certain transactions, and in the event that a/n or liberty broadband exercises these rights, holders of charter class a common stock may experience further dilution.
the stockholders agreement provides that a/n and liberty broadband will have certain contractual preemptive rights over issuances of charter equity securities in connection with capital raising transactions, merger and acquisition transactions, and in certain other circumstances. holders of charter class a common stock will not be entitled to similar preemptive rights with respect to such transactions. as a result, if liberty broadband and/or a/n elect to exercise their preemptive rights, (i) these parties would not experience the dilution experienced by the other holders of charter class a common stock, and (ii) such other holders of charter class a common stock may experience further dilution of their interest in charter upon such exercise.
21
risks related to regulatory and legislative matters our business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation, which could adversely affect our business.
regulation of the cable industry has increased cable operators' operational and administrative expenses and limited their revenues. cable operators are subject to numerous laws and regulations including those covering the following:
•   the provision of high-speed internet service, including net neutrality and transparency rules;
•   the provision of voice communications;
•   cable franchise renewals and transfers;
•   the provisioning and marketing of cable equipment;
•   customer and employee privacy and data security;
•   copyright royalties for retransmitting broadcast signals;
•   when a cable system must carry a particular broadcast station and when it must first obtain retransmission consent to carry a broadcast station;
•   the provision of video channel capacity to unaffiliated commercial leased access programmers;
•   limitations on our ability to enter into exclusive agreements with multiple dwelling unit complexes and control our inside wiring;
•   equal employment opportunity;
•   emergency alert systems, disability access, pole attachments, and technical standards;
•   marketing practices, customer service, and consumer protection; and
•   approval for mergers and acquisitions often accompanied by the imposition of restrictions and requirements on an applicant's business in order to secure approval of the proposed transaction.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones. any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses.
as a result of the closing of the 2016 merger with twc and acquisition of bright house, our businesses are subject to the conditions set forth in the fcc order and the doj consent decree and those imposed by state utility commissions and local franchise authorities, and there can be no assurance that these conditions will not have an adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations.
in connection with the transactions, the fcc order, the doj consent decree, and the approvals from state utility commissions and local franchise authorities incorporated numerous commitments and voluntary conditions made by the parties and imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the operation of our business and other matters. under federal approvals, among other things, (i) we are not permitted to charge usage-based prices or impose data caps and are prohibited from charging interconnection fees for qualifying parties; (ii) we are prohibited from entering into or enforcing any agreement with a programmer that forbids, limits or creates incentives to limit the programmer's provision of content to ovd and cannot retaliate against programmers for licensing to ovds; (iii) we are not able to avail ourself of other distributors' mfn provisions if they are inconsistent with this prohibition; (iv) we appointed an independent compliance monitor and comply with a broad array of reporting requirements; and (v) we must satisfy various other conditions relating to our internet services, including building out an additional two million locations with access to a high-speed connection of at least 60 megabits per second, and implementing a reduced price high-speed internet program for low income families. these and other conditions and commitments relating to the transactions are of varying duration, ranging from three to seven years. in light of the breadth and duration of the conditions and potential changes in market conditions during the time the conditions and commitments are in effect, there can be no assurance that our compliance, and ability to comply, with the conditions will not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our business.
there are ongoing efforts to amend or expand the federal, state, and local regulation of some of the services offered over our cable systems, which may compound the regulatory risks we already face. for example, with respect to our retail broadband internet access service, the fcc has reclassified the service twice in the last few years, with the first change adding federal regulatory obligations and the second change largely removing those new regulatory obligations. these changes reflect a lack of regulatory certainty in this business area, which may continue as a result of litigation, as well as future legislative or administrative changes.
other potential legislative and regulatory changes could adversely impact our business by increasing our costs and competition and limiting our ability to offer services in a manner that that would maximize our revenue potential. these changes could include,
22
for example, the adoption of new privacy restrictions on our collection, use and disclosure of certain customer information, new data security and cybersecurity mandates that could result in additional network and information security requirements for our business, new restraints on our discretion over programming decisions, including commercial leased access programming, new restrictions on the rates we charge for video programming and the marketing and packaging of that video programming and other services to consumers, changes to the cable industry's compulsory copyright license to carry broadcast signals, new requirements to assure the availability of navigation devices (such as set-top boxes) from third-party providers, new universal service fund obligations on our provision of internet service that would add to the cost of that service; increases in government-administered broadband subsidies to rural areas that could result in subsidized overbuilding of our more rural facilities, changes to the fcc's administration of spectrum, and changes in the regulatory framework for voip phone service, including the scope of regulatory obligations associated with our voip service and our ability to interconnect our voip service with incumbent providers of traditional telecommunications service.
if any of these such laws or regulations are enacted, they could affect our operations and require significant expenditures. we cannot predict future developments in these areas, and we are already subject to charter-specific conditions regarding certain internet practices as a result of the fcc's approval in 2016 of the merger with twc and acquisition of bright house, but any changes to the regulatory framework for our video, internet or voip services could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations.
it remains uncertain what rule changes, if any, will ultimately be adopted by congress and the fcc and what operating or financial impact any such rules might have on us, including on our programming agreements, customer privacy and the user experience. in addition, the fcc, the ftc, and various state agencies and attorney generals actively investigate industry practices and could impose substantial forfeitures for alleged regulatory violations.
our cable system franchises are subject to non-renewal or termination and are non-exclusive. the failure to renew a franchise or the grant of additional franchises in one or more service areas could adversely affect our business.
our cable systems generally operate pursuant to franchises, permits, and similar authorizations issued by a state or local governmental authority controlling the public rights-of-way. many franchises establish comprehensive facilities and service requirements, as well as specific customer service standards and monetary penalties for non-compliance. in many cases, franchises are terminable if the franchisee fails to comply with significant provisions set forth in the franchise agreement governing system operations. franchises are generally granted for fixed terms and must be periodically renewed. franchising authorities may resist granting a renewal if either past performance or the prospective operating proposal is considered inadequate. franchise authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition to renewal. in some instances, local franchises have not been renewed at expiration, and we have operated and are operating under either temporary operating agreements or without a franchise while negotiating renewal terms with the local franchising authorities.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all significant provisions of our franchise agreements and certain of our franchisers have from time to time alleged that we have not complied with these agreements. additionally, although historically we have renewed our franchises without incurring significant costs, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew, or to renew as favorably, our franchises in the future. a termination of or a sustained failure to renew a franchise in one or more service areas could adversely affect our business in the affected geographic area.
our cable system franchises are non-exclusive. consequently, local and state franchising authorities can grant additional franchises to competitors in the same geographic area or operate their own cable systems. in some cases, local government entities and municipal utilities may legally compete with us on more favorable terms.
tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to our tax and fee positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate cable systems in locations throughout the united states and, as a result, we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of federal, state and local governments. from time to time, various legislative and/or administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions. there can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. certain states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or additional taxes or fees on our services or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are computed. potential changes include additional taxes or fees on our services which could impact our customers, changes to income tax sourcing rules and other changes to general business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes and other matters that could increase our income, franchise, sales, use and/or property tax liabilities. for example, some local franchising authorities are seeking to impose franchise fee assessments on our broadband internet access service (in addition to our video service), and more may do so in the future. if they do so, and challenges to such assessments are unsuccessful, it could adversely impact our costs. although the fcc recently
23
issued a decision precluding the imposition of such duplicative fees, that favorable decision is currently subject to judicial review. in addition, federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. there can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
reference is made to "part i. item 1a. risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements," which describe important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations and non-historical information contained herein. in addition, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto of charter included in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
overview we are the second largest cable operator in the united states and a leading broadband communications services company providing video, internet and voice services to approximately 29.2 million residential and small and medium business customers at december 31, 2019. we also offer mobile service to residential customers and recently launched mobile service to small and medium business customers. in addition, we sell video and online advertising inventory to local, regional and national advertising customers and tailored communications and managed solutions to larger enterprise customers. we also own and operate regional sports networks and local sports, news and community channels. see "part i. item 1. business - products and services" for further description of these services, including customer statistics for different services.
in 2019, with the integration of twc and bright house substantially behind us, we are realizing the benefits of operating as one company, with a unified product, marketing and service infrastructure. we remain focused on driving customer relationship growth
26
by deploying superior products and services packaged with attractive pricing. we expect our insourced, high quality workforce will continue to drive an improved customer experience which will result in lower customer churn, longer customer lifetimes and, combined with our continued ramping of our self-installation program, improved productivity with fewer customer calls and truck rolls per customer relationship. with approximately 85% of our residential customer base now in spp packages, we expect additional benefits from lower legacy package migration activity, combined with spp customers rolling off introductory pricing and price increases. further, we expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of bundled services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. with the completion of our all-digital conversion, roll-out of docsis 3.1 technology across our footprint, and the integration of twc and bright house substantially complete, we have experienced a meaningful reduction in cable capital expenditures as a percent of revenue in 2019 and expect continued lower cable capital intensity in 2020.
we launched our mobile product, spectrum mobile, in the second half of 2018 under our mvno reseller agreement with verizon. our spectrum mobile service is offered to customers subscribing to our internet service and runs on verizon's mobile network combined with spectrum wifi. in the second quarter of 2019, we expanded our spectrum mobile bring-your-own-device program across all sales channels to include a broader set of devices which we believe lowers the cost for consumers of switching mobile carriers, and reduces the short-term working capital impact of selling new mobile devices on installment plans. we expect these developments, along with the launch of 5g service offerings in 2020, to contribute to the growth of our mobile business. we also continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. we plan to use our wifi network in conjunction with additional unlicensed, and potentially licensed, spectrum to improve network performance and expand capacity to offer consumers a superior mobile service at a lower total cost to us.   further, we have experimental wireless licenses from the fcc that we are utilizing to test next generation mobile services in several service areas around the country.
we believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives and increase profitability and cash flow over time. as a result of growth costs associated with our new mobile product line, we cannot be certain that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates. during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, our mobile product line increased revenues by $726 million and $106 million, respectively, reduced adjusted ebitda by approximately $520 million and $240 million, respectively, and reduced free cash flow by approximately $1.2 billion and $594 million, respectively. as we continue to grow our mobile service and scale the business, we expect continued negative impacts to adjusted ebitda, as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell the handset or tablet to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans.
the company realized revenue, adjusted ebitda and income from operations during the periods presented as follows (in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers. minor differences may exist due to rounding).
years ended december 31,
2019                                      2018                          2019 vs. 2018 growth revenues                   $45,764               $43,634                    4.9            %
adjusted ebitda            $16,855               $16,059                    5.0            %
income from operations      $6,511                $5,221                   24.7            %
adjusted ebitda is defined as net income attributable to charter shareholders plus net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, (gain) loss on financial instruments, net, other pension (benefits) costs, net, other (income) expense, net and other operating (income) expenses, net, such as merger and restructuring costs, special charges and (gain) loss on sale or retirement of assets. see "-use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow" for further information on adjusted ebitda and free cash flow.
growth in total revenue was primarily due to growth in our residential internet, mobile and commercial business customers. adjusted ebitda and income from operations growth was impacted by growth in revenue and increases in operating costs and expenses, primarily mobile, programming and regulatory, connectivity and produced content. income from operations was also affected by a decrease in depreciation and amortization expense.
approximately 91% of our revenues for each of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 are attributable to monthly subscription fees charged to customers for our video, internet, voice, mobile and commercial services. generally, these customer subscriptions may be discontinued by the customer at any time subject to a fee for certain commercial customers. the remaining 9% of revenue is derived primarily from advertising revenues, franchise and other regulatory fee revenues (which are collected
27
by us but then paid to local authorities), vod and pay-per-view programming, installation, processing fees or reconnection fees charged to customers to commence or reinstate service, revenue from regional sports and news channels and commissions related to the sale of merchandise by home shopping services.
critical accounting policies and estimates certain of our accounting policies require our management to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. management has discussed these policies with the audit committee of charter's board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the following disclosure. we consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the estimates, assumptions and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements, and the uncertainties that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows:
•   capitalization of labor and overhead costs
•   valuation and impairment of franchises and goodwill
•   income taxes
•   defined benefit pension plans capitalization of labor and overhead costs costs associated with network construction or upgrades, placement of the customer drop to the dwelling and the placement of outlets within a dwelling along with the costs associated with the deployment of new customer premise equipment necessary to provide video, internet or voice services, are capitalized.  costs capitalized include materials, direct labor and certain indirect costs. these indirect costs are associated with the activities of personnel who assist in installation activities, and consist of compensation and overhead costs associated with these support functions.  while our capitalization is based on specific activities, once capitalized, we track these costs on a composite basis by fixed asset category at the cable system level, and not on a specific asset basis.  for assets that are sold or retired, we remove the estimated applicable cost and accumulated depreciation.  the costs of disconnecting service and removing customer premise equipment from a dwelling and the costs to reconnect a customer drop or to redeploy previously installed customer premise equipment are charged to operating expense as incurred. costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to operating expense as incurred, while plant and equipment replacement, including replacement of certain components, betterments, and replacement of cable drops and outlets, are capitalized.
we make judgments regarding the installation and construction activities to be capitalized. we capitalized direct labor and overhead of $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. we capitalize direct labor and overhead using standards developed from actual costs and applicable operational data. we calculate standards annually (or more frequently if circumstances dictate) for items such as the labor rates, overhead rates, and the actual amount of time required to perform a capitalizable activity. for example, the standard amounts of time required to perform capitalizable activities are based on studies of the time required to perform such activities. overhead rates are established based on an analysis of the nature of costs incurred in support of capitalizable activities, and a determination of the portion of costs that is directly attributable to capitalizable activities. the impact of changes that resulted from these studies were not material in the periods presented.
labor costs directly associated with capital projects are capitalized. capitalizable activities performed in connection with installations include such activities as:
•   dispatching a "truck roll" to the customer's dwelling or business for service connection or placement of new equipment;
•   verification of serviceability to the customer's dwelling or business (i.e., determining whether the customer's dwelling is capable of receiving service by our cable network);
•   customer premise activities performed by in-house field technicians and third-party contractors in connection with the installation, replacement and betterment of equipment and materials to enable video, internet or voice services; and
•   verifying the integrity of the customer's network connection by initiating test signals downstream from the headend to the customer premise equipment, as well as testing signal levels at the utility pole or pedestal.
judgment is required to determine the extent to which overhead costs incurred result from specific capital activities, and therefore should be capitalized. the primary costs that are included in the determination of the overhead rate are (i) employee benefits and payroll taxes associated with capitalized direct labor, (ii) direct variable costs associated with capitalizable activities, (iii) the cost of support personnel, such as care personnel and dispatchers, who assist with capitalizable installation activities, and (iv) indirect costs directly attributable to capitalizable activities.
while we believe our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, a significant change in the nature or extent of our operating practices could affect management's judgment about the extent to which we should capitalize direct labor or overhead in the future.
28
we monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies, and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies.
valuation and impairment of franchises the net carrying value of franchises as of both december 31, 2019 and 2018 was approximately $67.3 billion (representing 45% and 46% of total assets, respectively). for more information and a complete discussion of how we value and test franchise assets for impairment, see note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
we perform an impairment assessment of franchise assets annually or more frequently as warranted by events or changes in circumstances. we performed a qualitative assessment in 2019. our assessment included consideration of a fair value appraisal performed for tax purposes in the beginning of 2019 as of a december 31, 2018 valuation date (the "appraisal") along with a multitude of factors that affect the fair value of our franchise assets. examples of such factors include environmental and competitive changes within our operating footprint, actual and projected operating performance, the consistency of our operating margins, equity and debt market trends, including changes in our market capitalization, and changes in our regulatory and political landscape, among other factors. based on our assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our franchise assets equals or exceeds their carrying values and that a quantitative impairment test is not required.
valuation and impairment of goodwill the net carrying value of goodwill as of both december 31, 2019 and 2018 was approximately $29.6 billion (representing 20% of total assets). we have determined that we have one reporting unit for purposes of the assessment of goodwill impairment. for more information and a complete discussion on how we test goodwill for impairment, see note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data." we perform our impairment assessment of goodwill annually as of november 30. as with our franchise impairment testing, we elected to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill in 2019 which included the appraisal and other factors described above. based on the appraisal, we determined that the fair value of the reporting unit significantly exceeded the net asset carrying value of the reporting unit. given the completion of the assessment and absence of significant adverse changes in factors impacting our fair value estimates, we concluded that it is more likely than not that our goodwill is not impaired.
income taxes as of december 31, 2019, charter had approximately $7.5 billion of federal tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $1.6 billion. these losses resulted from the operations of charter holdco and its subsidiaries and from loss carryforwards received as a result of the merger with twc in 2016. federal tax net operating loss carryforwards expire in the years 2020 through 2035. in addition, as of december 31, 2019, charter had state tax net operating loss carryforwards, resulting in a gross deferred tax asset (net of federal tax benefit) of approximately $257 million. state tax net operating loss carryforwards generally expire in the years 2020 through 2039.  such tax loss carryforwards can accumulate and be used to offset charter's future taxable income. after december 31, 2019, $905 million of charter's federal tax loss carryforwards are subject to section 382 and other restrictions. pursuant to these restrictions, charter estimates that approximately $226 million annually over each of the next four years of federal tax loss carryforwards, should become unrestricted and available for charter's use. charter's state tax loss carryforwards are subject to similar but varying restrictions.
in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management takes into account various factors, including the expected level of future taxable income, available tax planning strategies and reversals of existing taxable temporary differences. approximately $9 million of valuation allowance associated with federal capital loss carryforwards and approximately $37 million of valuation allowance associated with state tax loss carryforwards and other miscellaneous deferred tax assets remains on the december 31, 2019 consolidated balance sheet.
in determining our tax provision for financial reporting purposes, we establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless such positions are determined to be "more likely than not" of being sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits. in evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in our financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized when the position is ultimately resolved. there is considerable judgment involved in determining whether positions taken on the tax return are "more
29
likely than not" of being sustained. we adjust our uncertain tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations.
no tax years for charter are currently under examination by the irs for income tax purposes. charter's 2016 through 2019 tax years remain open for examination and assessment. charter's short period return dated may 17, 2016 (prior to the merger with twc and acquisition of bright house) remain subject to examination and assessment. years prior to 2016 remain open solely for purposes of examination of charter's loss and credit carryforwards. the irs is currently examining charter holdings' income tax return for 2016. charter holdings' 2017 through 2019 tax years remain open for examination and assessment. the irs is currently examining twc's income tax returns for 2011 through 2014. twc's tax year 2015 remains subject to examination and assessment. prior to twc's separation from time warner inc. ("time warner") in march 2009, twc was included in the consolidated u.s. federal and certain state income tax returns of time warner. the irs has examined time warner's 2008 through 2010 income tax returns and the results are under appeal. we do not anticipate that these examinations will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. in addition, we are also subject to ongoing examinations of our tax returns by state and local tax authorities for various periods. activity related to these state and local examinations did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations during the year ended december 31, 2019, nor do we anticipate a material impact in the future.
defined benefit pension plans we sponsor three qualified defined benefit pension plans and one nonqualified defined benefit pension plan that provide pension benefits to a majority of employees who were employed by twc before the merger with twc. as of december 31, 2019, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets was $3.4 billion and $3.2 billion, respectively, and the net underfunded liability was recorded as a $1 million noncurrent asset, $4 million current liability and $160 million long-term liability. as of december 31, 2018, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets was $3.0 billion and $2.9 billion, respectively, and the net underfunded liability was recorded as a $1 million noncurrent asset, $4 million current liability and $95 million long-term liability.
pension benefits are based on formulas that reflect the employees' years of service and compensation during their employment period. actuarial gains or losses are changes in the amount of either the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from changes in assumptions. we have elected to follow a mark-to-market pension accounting policy for recording the actuarial gains or losses annually during the fourth quarter, or earlier if a remeasurement event occurs during an interim period. we use a december 31 measurement date for our pension plans.
we recognized net periodic pension costs of $69 million and net periodic pension benefits of $192 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. net periodic pension benefit or expense is determined using certain assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate and mortality assumptions. we determined the discount rate used to compute pension expense based on the yield of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds with cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to settle projected future defined benefit payments. in developing the expected long-term rate of return on assets, we considered the current pension portfolio's composition, past average rate of earnings, and our asset allocation targets. we used a discount rate of 3.48% to determine the december 31, 2019 pension plan benefit obligation. a decrease in the discount rate of 25 basis points would result in a $157 million increase in our pension plan benefit obligation as of december 31, 2019 and net periodic pension expense recognized in 2019 under our mark-to-market accounting policy. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to determine net periodic pension benefit for the year ended december 31, 2020 is expected to be 5.00%. a decrease in the expected long-term rate of return of 25 basis points to 4.75%, while holding all other assumptions constant, would result in an increase in our 2020 net periodic pension expense of approximately $7 million. see note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for additional discussion on these assumptions.
30
results of operations a discussion of changes in our results of operations during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 has been omitted from this annual report on form 10-k, but may be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on january 31, 2019, which is available free of charge on the secs website at www.sec.gov and on our investor relations website at ir.charter.com.
the following table sets forth the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented (dollars in millions, except per share data):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                                  2018
revenues                                                                         $45,764                     $43,634
costs and expenses:
operating costs and expenses (exclusive of items shown separately below)          29,224                      27,860
depreciation and amortization                                                      9,926                      10,318
other operating expenses, net                                                        103                         235
39,253                      38,413
income from operations                                                             6,511                       5,221
other expenses:
interest expense, net                                                             (3,797     )                (3,540     )
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                       (25     )                     -
loss on financial instruments, net                                                   (54     )                  (110     )
other pension benefits (costs), net                                                  (69     )                   192
other expense, net                                                                  (135     )                   (77     )
(4,080     )                (3,535     )
income before income taxes                                                         2,431                       1,686
income tax expense                                                                  (439     )                  (180     )
consolidated net income                                                            1,992                       1,506
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                           (324     )                  (276     )
net income attributable to charter shareholders                                   $1,668                      $1,230
earnings per common share attributable to charter shareholders:
basic                                                                              $7.60                       $5.29
diluted                                                                            $7.45                       $5.22
weighted average common shares outstanding, basic                            219,506,735                 232,356,665
weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted                          223,786,380                 235,525,226
revenues.  total revenues grew $2.1 billion or 4.9% during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily due to increases in the number of residential internet and commercial business customers, price adjustments as well as the launch of our mobile service in the second half of 2018 offset by a decrease in video customers.
31
revenues by service offering were as follows (dollars in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers. minor differences may exist due to rounding):
years ended december 31,
2019                                                        2018            % growth video                         $17,607               $17,348               1.5      %
internet                       16,667                15,181               9.8      %
voice                           1,920                 2,114              (9.1     )%
residential revenue            36,194                34,643               4.5      %
small and medium business       3,868                 3,665               5.6      %
enterprise                      2,556                 2,528               1.1      %
commercial revenue              6,424                 6,193               3.7      %
advertising sales               1,568                 1,785             (12.1     )%
mobile                            726                   106                nm other                             852                   907              (6.2     )%
$45,764               $43,634               4.9      %
video revenues consist primarily of revenues from basic and digital video services provided to our residential customers, as well as franchise fees, equipment service fees and video installation revenue. the increase in video revenues was attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2019 compared to 2018
increase related to rate changes                               $758
decrease in average residential video customers                (412         )
decrease in vod and pay-per-view                                (87         )
$259
the increase related to rate changes was primarily due to price adjustments including annual increases and promotional roll-off. residential video customers decreased by 484,000 in 2019 compared to 2018.
the increase in internet revenues from our residential customers was attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2019 compared to 2018
increase in average residential internet customers                $790
increase related to rate changes                                   696
$1,486
residential internet customers grew by 1,283,000 in 2019 compared to 2018. the increase related to rate changes was primarily due to price adjustments including promotional roll-off.
the decrease in voice revenues from our residential customers was attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2019 compared to 2018
decrease in average residential voice customers   $(102               )
decrease related to rate changes                  (92                 )
$(194               )
32
the decrease related to rate changes was primarily due to value-based pricing. residential wireline voice customers decreased by 692,000 in 2019 compared to 2018.
the increase in small and medium business commercial revenues was attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2019 compared to 2018
increase in small and medium business customers                $317
decrease related to rate changes                               (114         )
$203
small and medium business psus increased by 237,000 in 2019 compared to 2018. the decrease related to rate changes was primarily due to value-based pricing related to spp, net of promotional roll-off and price adjustments.
enterprise revenues increased $28 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the corresponding period in 2018 primarily due to growth in customers offset by the sale of non-strategic assets. enterprise psus increased by 19,000 in 2019 compared to 2018.
advertising sales revenues consist primarily of revenues from commercial advertising customers, programmers and other vendors, as well as local cable and advertising on regional sports and news channels. advertising sales revenues decreased $217 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the corresponding period in 2018 primarily due to a decrease in political revenue.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, mobile revenues included approximately $488 million of device revenues and approximately $238 million of service revenues. during the year ended december 31, 2018, mobile revenues included approximately $97 million of device revenues and approximately $9 million of service revenues. as of december 31, 2019, we had 1,082,000 mobile lines compared to 134,000 mobile as of december 31, 2108.
other revenues consist of revenue from regional sports and news channels (excluding intercompany charges or advertising sales on those channels), home shopping, late payment fees, wire maintenance fees and other miscellaneous revenues. the decrease during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the corresponding period in 2018 was primarily due to a decrease in late payment fees and home shopping revenue offset by the sale of video devices.
operating costs and expenses. the increase in our operating costs and expenses, exclusive of items shown separately in the consolidated statements of operations, was attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2019 compared to 2018
programming                                                  $166
regulatory, connectivity and produced content                 156
costs to service customers                                    (50         )
marketing                                                       2
mobile                                                        900
other                                                         190
$1,364
programming costs were approximately $11.3 billion and $11.1 billion, representing 39% and 40% of operating costs and expenses for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. programming costs consist primarily of costs paid to programmers for basic, digital, premium, vod, and pay-per-view programming. the increase in programming costs is primarily a result of contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consents partly offset by lower video customers and pay-per-view.  we expect programming rates will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services. we have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers and do not expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers.
33
regulatory, connectivity and produced content increased $156 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the corresponding period in 2018 primarily due to higher costs of video devices sold to customers, regulatory pass-through fees and original programming costs.
costs to service customers decreased $50 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the corresponding period in 2018 primarily due to lower maintenance and labor costs driven by fewer customer calls and truck rolls with improved productivity and a higher number of self-installations.
mobile costs of $1.2 billion and $346 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, were comprised of mobile device costs and mobile service and operating costs.
the increase in other expense was attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2019 compared to 2018
corporate costs                            $80
property tax and insurance                  54
stock compensation expense                  30
sports and news                             26
advertising sales expense                  (32         )
other                                       32
$190
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $392 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the corresponding period in 2018 primarily due to certain assets acquired from twc and bright house becoming fully depreciated offset by an increase in depreciation as a result of more recent capital expenditures.
other operating expenses, net. the decrease in other operating expenses, net was attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2019 compared to 2018
merger and restructuring costs                $(87         )
loss on sale of assets, net                    (43         )
special charges, net                            (2         )
$(132         )
the decrease in merger and restructuring costs is primarily due to lower employee retention and employee termination costs incurred during 2019 as compared to 2018.
the decrease in loss on sale of assets, net for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 is primarily due to a $42 million impairment of non-strategic assets incurred during 2019 compared to a $75 million impairment of non-strategic assets incurred during 2018. for more information, see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
interest expense, net.  net interest expense increased by $257 million in 2019 from 2018 primarily due to an increase in weighted average debt outstanding of approximately $3.0 billion primarily as a result of the issuance of notes in 2019 and 2018 for general corporate purposes including stock buybacks and debt repayments offset by a decrease in weighted average interest rates.
loss on extinguishment of debt. loss on extinguishment of debt of $25 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily represents losses recognized as a result of the repurchase of cco holdings notes and amendments to charter operating's credit facilities. for more information, see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
34
loss on financial instruments, net. gains and losses on financial instruments are recognized due to changes in the fair value of our interest rate and our cross currency derivative instruments, and the foreign currency remeasurement of the fixed-rate british pound sterling denominated notes (the "sterling notes") into u.s. dollars. for more information, see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
other pension benefits (costs), net. other pension benefits (costs), net increased by $261 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the corresponding period in 2018 primarily due to a remeasurement loss recorded in 2019 versus a remeasurement gain in 2018. for more information, see note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
other expense, net. other expense, net includes impairments on equity investments of approximately $121 million and $58 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. for more information, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
income tax expense. we recognized income tax expense of $439 million and $180 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  income tax expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the corresponding period in 2018 primarily as a result of higher pretax income and lower benefit from state tax rate changes. for more information, see note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for financial reporting purposes represents a/n's portion of charter holdings' net income based on its effective common unit ownership interest and the preferred dividend of $150 million for each of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. for more information, see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to charter shareholders. net income attributable to charter shareholders was $1.7 billion and $1.2 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, primarily as a result of the factors described above.
use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow we use certain measures that are not defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to evaluate various aspects of our business. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are non-gaap financial measures and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income attributable to charter shareholders and net cash flows from operating activities reported in accordance with gaap. these terms, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are reconciled to net income attributable to charter shareholders and net cash flows from operating activities, respectively, below.
adjusted ebitda eliminates the significant non-cash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of our businesses as well as other non-cash or special items, and is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. however, this measure is limited in that it does not reflect the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues and our cash cost of financing. these costs are evaluated through other financial measures.
free cash flow is defined as net cash flows from operating activities, less capital expenditures and changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures.
management and charter's board of directors use adjusted ebitda and free cash flow to assess our performance and our ability to service our debt, fund operations and make additional investments with internally generated funds. in addition, adjusted ebitda generally correlates to the leverage ratio calculation under our credit facilities or outstanding notes to determine compliance with the covenants contained in the facilities and notes (all such documents have been previously filed with the sec). for the purpose of calculating compliance with leverage covenants, we use adjusted ebitda, as presented, excluding certain expenses paid by our operating subsidiaries to other charter entities. our debt covenants refer to these expenses as management fees, which fees were in the amount of $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
35
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                            2018
net income attributable to charter shareholders                 $1,668                  $1,230
plus: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest           324                     276
interest expense, net                                            3,797                   3,540
income tax expense                                                 439                     180
depreciation and amortization                                    9,926                  10,318
stock compensation expense                                         315                     285
loss on extinguishment of debt                                      25                       -
loss on financial instruments, net                                  54                     110
other pension (benefits) costs, net                                 69                    (192     )
other, net                                                         238                     312
adjusted ebitda                                                $16,855                 $16,059
net cash flows from operating activities                       $11,748                 $11,767
less: purchases of property, plant and equipment                (7,195     )            (9,125     )
change in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures          55                    (470     )
free cash flow                                                  $4,608                  $2,172
liquidity and capital resources overview we have significant amounts of debt.  the principal amount of our debt as of december 31, 2019 was $78.4 billion, consisting of $10.4 billion of credit facility debt, $45.9 billion of investment grade senior secured notes and $22.1 billion of high-yield senior unsecured notes. our business requires significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt.
our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results, and the timing and amount of our expenditures. as we continue to grow our new mobile services, we expect an initial funding period to grow a new product as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide the handset or tablet to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. free cash flow was $4.6 billion and $2.2 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. see table below for factors impacting free cash flow during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. as of december 31, 2019, the amount available under our credit facilities was approximately $4.7 billion and cash on hand was approximately $3.5 billion. we expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. the timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. additionally, we may, from time to time, and depending on market conditions and other factors, use cash on hand and the proceeds from securities offerings or other borrowings to retire our debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated purchases, tender offers or redemption provisions. we believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs.
we continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. charter's target leverage of net debt to the last twelve months adjusted ebitda remains at 4 to 4.5 times adjusted ebitda, and up to 3.5 times adjusted ebitda at the charter operating level. our leverage ratio was 4.5 times adjusted ebitda as of december 31, 2019. as adjusted ebitda grows, we expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within charter's target leverage range. during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, charter purchased approximately 16.7 million and 14.1 million shares, respectively, of charter class a common stock for approximately $6.7 billion and $4.3 billion, respectively.
in december 2017, charter and a/n entered into an amendment to the letter agreement (the "letter agreement") that requires a/n to sell to charter or to charter holdings, on a monthly basis, a number of shares of charter class a common stock or charter holdings common units that represents a pro rata participation by a/n and its affiliates in any repurchases of shares of charter class a common stock from persons other than a/n effected by charter during the immediately preceding calendar month, at a purchase price equal to the average price paid by charter for the shares repurchased from persons other than a/n during such immediately preceding calendar month. a/n and charter both have the right to terminate or suspend the pro rata repurchase arrangement on a prospective basis. charter holdings purchased from a/n 2.3 million and 2.1 million charter holdings common
36
units at an average price per unit of $388.72 and $308.90, or $885 million and $656 million, during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
as of december 31, 2019, charter had remaining board authority to purchase an additional $1.4 billion of charter's class a common stock and/or charter holdings common units. although charter expects to continue to buy back its common stock consistent with its leverage target range, charter is not obligated to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the timing of any purchases that may occur cannot be predicted and will largely depend on market conditions and other potential uses of capital. purchases may include open market purchases, tender offers or negotiated transactions.
as possible acquisitions, swaps or dispositions arise, we actively review them against our objectives including, among other considerations, improving the operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets, and we may participate to the extent we believe these possibilities present attractive opportunities. however, there can be no assurance that we will actually complete any acquisitions, dispositions or system swaps, or that any such transactions will be material to our operations or results.
recent events in december 2019, cco holdings and cco holdings capital corp. jointly issued an additional $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior unsecured notes due 2030 at a price of 101.125% of the aggregate principal amount. the net proceeds were or will be used to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, including to fund buybacks of charter class a common stock and charter holdings common units as well as repaying certain indebtedness.
in december 2019, charter operating and charter communications operating capital corp. jointly issued an additional $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.800% senior secured notes due 2050 at a price of 101.964% of the aggregate principal amount. the net proceeds were or will be used to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, including to fund buybacks of charter class a common stock and charter holdings common units as well as repaying certain indebtedness.
in addition to the debt issued in december 2019 as described above, cco holdings and cco holdings capital corp. jointly issued $3.35 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes at varying rates, prices and maturity dates in 2019, and charter operating and charter communications operating capital corp. jointly issued $4.75 billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes at varying rates, prices and maturity dates in 2019. the net proceeds were used to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, including funding buybacks of charter class a common stock and charter holdings common units as well as repaying certain indebtedness.
in 2019, charter operating also entered into an amendment to its credit agreement repricing $4.5 billion of its revolving loan and $4.0 billion of term loan a to libor plus 1.25% and its existing term loan b to libor plus 1.75%. in addition, $4.5 billion of the revolving loan and $4.0 billion of term loan a maturities were extended to 2025 and $3.8 billion of term loan b maturities were extended to 2027.
free cash flow free cash flow increased $2.4 billion during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the corresponding prior period due to the following.
2019 compared to 2018
decrease in capital expenditures                                             $1,930
increase in adjusted ebitda                                                     796
change in working capital, excluding change in accrued interest                (255         )
increase in cash paid for interest, net                                         (75         )
other, net                                                                       40
$2,436
free cash flow was reduced by $567 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the corresponding prior period due to mobile with impacts negatively affecting working capital, capital expenditures and adjusted ebitda.
37
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our payment obligations as of december 31, 2019 under our long-term debt and certain other contractual obligations and commitments (dollars in millions.)
payments by period total            less than 1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt principal payments (a)                   $78,416                  $3,777                  $6,504                $8,701                   $59,434
long-term debt interest payments (b)                     50,577                   3,924                   7,551                 6,635                    32,467
finance and operating lease obligations (c)               1,594                     272                     492                   360         470
programming minimum commitments (d)             276                                 216                      49                    11                         -
other (e)                                                12,658                   2,536                   3,034                   892                     6,196
$143,521                 $10,725                 $17,630               $16,599                   $98,567
(a)   the table presents maturities of long-term debt outstanding as of december 31, 2019. refer to notes 9 and 21 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a description of our long-term debt and other contractual obligations and commitments.
(b)   interest payments on variable debt are estimated using amounts outstanding at december 31, 2019 and the average implied forward libor rates applicable for the quarter during the interest rate reset based on the yield curve in effect at december 31, 2019. actual interest payments will differ based on actual libor rates and actual amounts outstanding for applicable periods.
(c)   we lease certain facilities and equipment under noncancelable finance and operating leases. finance lease obligations represented $95 million of total finance and operating lease obligations as of december 31, 2019. lease and rental costs charged to expense for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were $445 million and $382 million, respectively.
(d)   we pay programming fees under multi-year contracts typically based on a flat fee per customer, which may be fixed for the term, or may in some cases escalate over the term. programming costs included in the accompanying statement of operations were approximately $11.3 billion and $11.1 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. certain of our programming agreements are based on a flat fee per month or have guaranteed minimum payments. the table sets forth the aggregate guaranteed minimum commitments under our programming contracts.
(e)   "other" represents other guaranteed minimum commitments, including rights negotiated directly with content owners for distribution on company-owned channels or networks, commitments related to our role as an advertising and distribution sales agent for third party-owned channels or networks, commitments to our customer premise equipment and device vendors and contractual obligations related to third-party network augmentation.
the following items are not included in the contractual obligations table because the obligations are not fixed and/or determinable due to various factors discussed below. however, we incur these costs as part of our operations:
•   we rent utility poles used in our operations. generally, pole rentals are cancelable on short notice, but we anticipate that such rentals will recur. rent expense incurred for pole rental attachments for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $180 million and $171 million, respectively.
•   we pay franchise fees under multi-year franchise agreements based on a percentage of revenues generated from video service per year. we also pay other franchise related costs, such as public education grants, under multi-year agreements. franchise fees and other franchise-related costs included in the accompanying statement of operations were $750 million and $747 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•   we have $363 million in letters of credit, of which $36 million is secured under the charter operating credit facility, primarily to our various casualty carriers as collateral for reimbursement of workers' compensation, auto liability and general liability claims.
•   minimum pension funding requirements have not been presented in the table above as such amounts have not been determined beyond 2019. we made no cash contributions to the qualified pension plans in 2019; however, we are permitted to make discretionary cash contributions to the qualified pension plans in 2020. for the nonqualified pension plan, we contributed $4 million during 2019 and will continue to make contributions in 2020 to the extent benefits are paid.
see "part i. item 1. business - commitments related to the 2016 merger with twc and acquisition of bright house" for a listing of commitments as a result of the merger with twc and acquisition of bright house in 2016.
38
historical operating, investing, and financing activities cash and cash equivalents. we held $3.5 billion and $551 million in cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. we also held $66 million and $214 million in restricted cash as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, representing escrowed funds of a consolidated variable interest entity. see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "item 1. financial statements."
operating activities.  net cash provided by operating activities decreased $19 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily due to changes in working capital, excluding the change in accrued interest and accrued expenses related to capital expenditures, that used $780 million more cash and an increase in cash paid for interest, net of $75 million offset by an increase in adjusted ebitda of $796 million.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $7.3 billion and $9.7 billion, respectively. the decrease in cash used was primarily due to a decrease in capital expenditures and increase in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities decreased $254 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily due to an increase in the amount by which borrowings of long-term debt exceeded repayments offset by an increase in the purchase of treasury stock and noncontrolling interest.
capital expenditures we have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements.  capital expenditures were $7.2 billion and $9.1 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the decrease was primarily due to lower customer premise equipment expenditures as a result of the completion of our all-digital conversion and fewer spp migrations, lower scalable infrastructure as a result of the completion of the roll-out of docsis 3.1 technology across our footprint and lower support spending with the substantial completion of the integration of twc and bright house. see the table below for more details.
we currently expect 2020 cable capital expenditures to decline as a percentage of cable revenue versus 2019. the actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2020 will depend on a number of factors including further spend related to product development and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses.
our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. in addition, our accrued liabilities related to capital expenditures increased $55 million and decreased $470 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the following tables present our major capital expenditures categories in accordance with national cable and telecommunications association ("ncta") disclosure guidelines for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. these disclosure guidelines are not required disclosures under gaap, nor do they impact our accounting for capital expenditures under gaap (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                    2018
customer premise equipment (a)                          $2,070                  $3,124
scalable infrastructure (b)                              1,439                   2,227
line extensions (c)                                      1,444                   1,373
upgrade/rebuild (d)                                        634                     704
support capital (e)                                      1,608                   1,697
total capital expenditures                              $7,195                  $9,125
capital expenditures included in total related to:
commercial services                                     $1,314                  $1,313
all-digital transition                                      $-                    $344
mobile                                                    $432                    $242
(a)   customer premise equipment includes costs incurred at the customer residence to secure new customers and revenue generating units, including customer installation costs and customer premise equipment (e.g., set-top boxes and cable modems).
39
(b)   scalable infrastructure includes costs not related to customer premise equipment, to secure growth of new customers and revenue generating units, or provide service enhancements (e.g., headend equipment).
(c)   line extensions include network costs associated with entering new service areas (e.g., fiber/coaxial cable, amplifiers, electronic equipment, make-ready and design engineering).
(d)   upgrade/rebuild includes costs to modify or replace existing fiber/coaxial cable networks, including betterments.
(e)   support capital includes costs associated with the replacement or enhancement of non-network assets due to technological and physical obsolescence (e.g., non-network equipment, land, buildings and vehicles).
debt as of december 31, 2019, the accreted value of our total debt was approximately $79.1 billion, as summarized below (dollars in millions):
december 31, 2019
principal amount              accreted value (a)     interest payment dates   maturity date (b)
cco holdings, llc:
5.250% senior notes due 2022          $1,250                         $1,241                     3/30 &amp; 9/30           9/30/2022
5.125% senior notes due 2023           1,000                            995                     2/15 &amp; 8/15           2/15/2023
4.000% senior notes due 2023             500                            497                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            3/1/2023
5.125% senior notes due 2023           1,150                          1,145                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2023
5.750% senior notes due 2023             500                            497                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            9/1/2023
5.750% senior notes due 2024             150                            149                     1/15 &amp; 7/15           1/15/2024
5.875% senior notes due 2024           1,700                          1,690                      4/1 &amp; 10/1            4/1/2024
5.375% senior notes due 2025             750                            746                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2025
5.750% senior notes due 2026           2,500                          2,471                     2/15 &amp; 8/15           2/15/2026
5.500% senior notes due 2026           1,500                          1,491                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2026
5.875% senior notes due 2027             800                            796                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2027
5.125% senior notes due 2027           3,250                          3,222                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2027
5.000% senior notes due 2028           2,500                          2,469                       2/1 &amp; 8/1            2/1/2028
5.375% senior notes due 2029           1,500                          1,501                      6/1 &amp; 12/1            6/1/2029
4.750% senior notes due 2030           3,050                          3,041                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            3/1/2030
charter communications operating, llc:
3.579% senior notes due 2020           2,000                          1,997                     1/23 &amp; 7/23           7/23/2020
4.464% senior notes due 2022           3,000                          2,987                     1/23 &amp; 7/23           7/23/2022
senior floating rate notes due 2024             900                            902            2/1, 5/1, 8/1 &amp; 11/1            2/1/2024
4.500% senior notes due 2024           1,100                          1,093                       2/1 &amp; 8/1            2/1/2024
4.908% senior notes due 2025           4,500                          4,471                     1/23 &amp; 7/23           7/23/2025
3.750% senior notes due 2028           1,000                            987                     2/15 &amp; 8/15           2/15/2028
4.200% senior notes due 2028           1,250                          1,240                     3/15 &amp; 9/15           3/15/2028
5.050% senior notes due 2029           1,250                          1,241                     3/30 &amp; 9/30           3/30/2029
6.384% senior notes due 2035           2,000                          1,982                    4/23 &amp; 10/23          10/23/2035
5.375% senior notes due 2038             800                            786                      4/1 &amp; 10/1            4/1/2038
6.484% senior notes due 2045           3,500                          3,467                    4/23 &amp; 10/23          10/23/2045
5.375% senior notes due 2047           2,500                          2,506                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2047
5.750% senior notes due 2048           2,450                          2,391                      4/1 &amp; 10/1            4/1/2048
5.125% senior notes due 2049           1,250                          1,240                       1/1 &amp; 7/1            7/1/2049
4.800% senior notes due 2050           2,800                          2,798                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            3/1/2050
6.834% senior notes due 2055             500                            495                    4/23 &amp; 10/23          10/23/2055
credit facilities          10,427                         10,345                                                  varies time warner cable, llc:
5.000% senior notes due 2020           1,500                          1,503                       2/1 &amp; 8/1            2/1/2020
4.125% senior notes due 2021             700                            711                     2/15 &amp; 8/15           2/15/2021
4.000% senior notes due 2021           1,000                          1,021                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            9/1/2021
5.750% sterling senior notes due 2031 (c)             828                            886                                 6/2            6/2/2031
40
6.550% senior debentures due 2037       1,500           1,675     5/1 &amp; 11/1     5/1/2037
7.300% senior debentures due 2038       1,500           1,772      1/1 &amp; 7/1     7/1/2038
6.750% senior debentures due 2039       1,500           1,713   6/15 &amp; 12/15    6/15/2039
5.875% senior debentures due 2040       1,200           1,255   5/15 &amp; 11/15   11/15/2040
5.500% senior debentures due 2041       1,250           1,258      3/1 &amp; 9/1     9/1/2041
5.250% sterling senior notes due 2042 (d)         861   831                         7/15    7/15/2042
4.500% senior debentures due 2042       1,250           1,142    3/15 &amp; 9/15    9/15/2042
time warner cable enterprises llc:
8.375% senior debentures due 2023       1,000           1,148    3/15 &amp; 9/15    3/15/2023
8.375% senior debentures due 2033       1,000           1,284    7/15 &amp; 1/15    7/15/2033
$78,416         $79,078
(a)   the accreted values presented in the table above represent the principal amount of the debt adjusted for original issue discount or premium at the time of sale, deferred financing costs, and, in regards to the twc debt assumed, fair value premium adjustments as a result of applying acquisition accounting plus the accretion of those amounts to the balance sheet date. however, the amount that is currently payable if the debt becomes immediately due is equal to the principal amount of the debt. in regards to the sterling notes, the principal amount of the debt and any premium or discount is remeasured into us dollars as of each balance sheet date. we have availability under our credit facilities of approximately $4.7 billion as of december 31, 2019.
(b)   in general, the obligors have the right to redeem all of the notes set forth in the above table in whole or in part at their option, beginning at various times prior to their stated maturity dates, subject to certain conditions, upon the payment of the outstanding principal amount (plus a specified redemption premium) and all accrued and unpaid interest.
(c)   principal amount includes £625 million valued at $828 million as of december 31, 2019 using the exchange rate as of december 31, 2019.
(d)   principal amount includes £650 million valued at $861 million as of december 31, 2019 using the exchange rate as of december 31, 2019.
see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for further details regarding our outstanding debt and other financing arrangements, including certain information about maturities, covenants and restrictions related to such debt and financing arrangements. the agreements and instruments governing our debt and financing arrangements are complicated and you should consult such agreements and instruments which are filed with the sec for more detailed information.
at december 31, 2019, charter operating had a consolidated leverage ratio of approximately 2.9 to 1.0 and a consolidated first lien leverage ratio of 2.8 to 1.0. both ratios are in compliance with the ratios required by the charter operating credit facilities of 5.0 to 1.0 consolidated leverage ratio and 4.0 to 1.0 consolidated first lien leverage ratio. a failure by charter operating to maintain the financial covenants would result in an event of default under the charter operating credit facilities and the debt of cco holdings. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - the agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity."
recently issued accounting standards see note 23 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards.
