item 1a.    risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
we are conducting a formal internal review of our emission certification process and compliance with emission standards with respect to our pick-up truck applications and working with the epa and carb, as well as the department of justice (doj) and sec, to address their questions about these applications. the results of this formal review and regulatory and government agency processes, or the discovery of any noncompliance issues, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we previously announced that we are conducting a formal internal review of our emissions certification process and compliance with emission standards with respect to all of our pick-up truck applications, following conversations with the epa and carb regarding certification of our engines for model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks. during conversations with the epa and carb about the effectiveness of our pick-up truck applications, the regulators raised concerns that certain aspects of our emissions systems may reduce the effectiveness of our emissions control systems and thereby act as defeat devices. as a result, our internal review focuses, in part, on the regulators' concerns. we are working closely with the regulators to enhance our emissions systems to improve the effectiveness of all of our pick-up truck applications and to fully address the regulators' requirements. based on discussions with the regulators, we have developed a new calibration for the engines in model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks that has been included in all engines shipped since september 2019. during our discussions, the regulators have asked us to look at other model years and other engines, though the primary focus of our review has been the model year 2019 ram. we will continue to work together closely with the relevant regulators to develop and implement recommendations for improvement as part of our ongoing commitment to compliance. we are also fully cooperating with the doj's and the sec's information requests and inquiries.due to the continuing nature of the formal review, our ongoing cooperation with the regulators and other government agencies, and the presence of many unknown facts and circumstances, we are not yet able to estimate the financial impact of these matters. it is possible that the consequences of any remediation plans resulting from our formal review and these regulatory and agency processes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows in the periods in which these emissions certification issues are addressed.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the eu, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. the discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
developing engines and components to meet more stringent and changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive advantage in the engine markets we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.
in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. any delays in implementation or enforcement could result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
a sustained slowdown or significant downturn in our markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
many of our on- and off-highway markets are cyclical in nature and experience volatility in demand throughout these cycles. in the second half of 2019 we experienced slowing of demand growth in most of our north american on-highway and certain off-highway markets, while international sales declined in most markets, including china. if the north american or chinese markets suffer a significant downturn or if a slower pace of economic growth and weaker demand in our other significant international markets were to occur, depending upon the length, duration and severity of the slowdown, it could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our manufacturing and supply chain abilities may be adversely impacted by an extended shutdown of our operations in china due to the recent coronavirus outbreak.
in december 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus began to impact the population of wuhan, china, where several of our manufacturing and distribution facilities are located. in late january 2020, in an effort to contain the spread of the virus, maintain the wellbeing of our employees and in accordance with governmental requirements, we closed several production and distribution facilities in the hubei provence of china. we rely upon these facilities to support our business in china, as well as to export components for use in products in other parts of the world. while the closures and limitations on movement in the region are expected to be temporary, the duration of the production and supply chain disruption, and related financial impact, cannot be estimated at this time. should the production and distribution closures continue for an extended period of time, the impact on our supply chain in china and globally could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues.
our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see note 12, "product warranty liability" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services.
we are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, hydrogen generation and fuel cells, for planned introduction into certain existing and new markets.  given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to these planned products.  the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified powertrains and some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own electrified or alternate fuel powertrains, or source from other manufacturers, and any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we operate our business on a global basis and policy changes affecting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-u.s. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the new united states-mexico-canada agreement and the u.s. trade relationship with china, brazil and france and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs (including, but not limited to, additional tariffs on the import of steel or aluminum) import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
a slowdown in infrastructure development and/or depressed commodity prices could adversely affect our business.
infrastructure development and strong commodity prices have been significant drivers of our historical growth, but as the pace of investment in infrastructure slowed in recent years (especially in china and brazil), commodity prices were significantly lower and demand for our products in off-highway markets was weak. weakness in commodity prices, such as oil, gas and coal, adversely impacted mining industry participants' demand for vehicles and equipment that contain our engines and other products over the past several years. deterioration, or renewed weakness, in infrastructure and commodities markets could adversely affect our customers' demand for vehicles and equipment and, as a result, could adversely affect our business.
the u.k.'s exit from the european union (eu) could materially and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
on january 31, 2020, the u.k. exited from the eu (brexit). additionally, the results of the u.k.'s brexit has caused, and may continue to cause, volatility in global stock markets, currency exchange rate fluctuations and global economic uncertainty. although it is unknown what the terms of the u.k.'s future relationship with the eu will be, it is possible that there will be higher tariffs or greater restrictions on imports and exports between the u. k. and the eu and increased regulatory complexities. the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the u.k. makes to retain access to eu markets either during a transitional period or on a permanent basis. these measures could potentially disrupt our supply chain, including delays of imports and exports, limited access to human capital within some of the target markets and jurisdictions in which we operate and adverse changes to tax benefits or liabilities in these or other jurisdictions. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations, including with respect to emissions and similar certifications granted to us by the eu, as the u.k. determines which eu laws to replace or replicate. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services, including reductions in demand for diesel engines, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. offering engines and services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
we are vulnerable to supply shortages from single-sourced suppliers.
during 2019, we single sourced approximately 19 percent of the total types of parts in our product designs, compared to approximately 20 percent in 2018. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including capacity constraints, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit, the impaired financial condition), suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters or acts of war or terrorism. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our truck manufacturers and oem customers may discontinue outsourcing their engine supply needs.
several of our engine customers, including paccar, volvo, navistar, chrysler, daimler, dongfeng and tata, are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. in addition, increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional costs and risks.
part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions and/or divestitures to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. the successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. the exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management's attention from our existing business. strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.if required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. in addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in substantial costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate.
our information technology systems and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. we also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these systems and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. as we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. we face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. in addition, some of these systems are managed by third party service providers and are not under our direct control. if we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. as customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
the data handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. while we continually work to safeguard our systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that these actions will be sufficient to prevent information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, computer viruses and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. these threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. in addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex systems that control various processes and these systems are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. the impact of a significant information technology event on either of our information technology systems or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
we can experience idle capacity as economies slow or demand for certain products decline, while we can also experience capacity constraints and longer lead times for certain products in times of growing demand. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity have been, and will continue to be, important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to decrease our manufacturing capacity during market troughs, which could result in under-utilized manufacturing assets and unnecessary overhead costs or that we will be able to increase our manufacturing capacity to a level that meets demand for our products during market peaks, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and could harm our business. if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we may experience difficulties and delays or unexpected costs in completing our cost reduction actions and announced restructuring initiatives, including achieving any anticipated savings and other benefits of these initiatives.
during the fourth quarter of 2019 and the first quarter of 2020 we are undertaking cost reduction actions and announced restructuring initiatives to respond to the slowdown in our global markets. as we implement these initiatives, we may not realize anticipated savings or other benefits from one or more of the initiatives in the amounts or within the time periods we expect. other events or circumstances, such as implementation difficulties and delays or unexpected costs, may occur which could result in us not realizing our targeted cost reductions. we are also subject to the risks of negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives. if we are unable to realize the expected savings or benefits from these initiatives, certain aspects of our business may be adversely affected. if we experience any of these circumstances or otherwise fail to realize the anticipated savings or benefits from our restructuring and cost reduction initiatives, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
financial distress or a change-in-control of one of our large truck oem customers could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck oem customers in north america which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. if one of our large truck oem customers experiences financial distress, bankruptcy or a change-in-control, such circumstance could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we may fail to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flow from our investment in the eaton cummins automated transmission technologies joint venture.
our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, and cash flow from our 2017 investment in the eaton cummins automated transmission technologies joint venture will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully launch the automated transmission products in north america and china and achieve our projected market penetration in those regions. while we believe we will ultimately achieve these objectives, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve all of the goals within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. if we are not able to successfully complete our automated transmission strategy, the anticipated enhanced revenue, earnings, and cash flows resulting from this joint venture may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected. as part of the purchase accounting associated with the formation of the joint venture, significant goodwill and intangible asset balances were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. if cash flows from the joint venture fall short of our anticipated amounts, these assets could be subject to non-cash impairment charges, negatively impacting our earnings.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business.
our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•   the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;
•   trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•   the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•   the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•   difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations;
•   required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•   changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets.
as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
we face significant competition in the markets we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete in the market with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas, electrification and other technologies and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, emissions compliance, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into, and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate and other related risks.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. the u.s. dollar strengthened in recent years resulting in material unfavorable impacts on our revenues in those years. if the u.s. dollar continues strengthening against other currencies, we will experience additional volatility in our financial statements.while we customarily enter into financial transactions that attempt to address these risks and many of our supply agreements with customers include foreign currency exchange rate adjustment provisions, there can be no assurance that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows. in addition, while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. see management's discussion and analysis for additional information.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks (notably with respect to copper, platinum and palladium), there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, could result in declining margins.
we derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our china-based investees.
for 2019, we recognized $330 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $394 million in 2018. approximately half of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from four of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in china - beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd., chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. and dongfeng cummins emission solutions co. ltd. as a result, although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the european union general data protection regulation. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
our business is exposed to potential product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. at any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations.
our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.
future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term.
in an effort to limit greenhouse gas emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their cities or countries of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. these countries include china, india and germany. in addition, california government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of diesel-powered vehicles by 2040. to the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
we may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters.
at december 31, 2019, we employed approximately 61,615 persons worldwide. approximately 19,048 of our employees worldwide are represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2020 and 2024. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by our customers or suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•   executive summary and financial highlights
•   results of operations
•   operating segment results
•   2020 outlook
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   contractual obligations and other commercial commitments
•   application of critical accounting estimates
•   recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements the following is the discussion and analysis of changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018. the discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2017 and changes in the financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 that are not included in this form 10-k may be found in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 11, 2019.
executive summary and financial highlights we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel, natural gas, electric and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems, automated transmissions, electric power generation systems, batteries, electrified power systems, hydrogen generation and fuel cell products. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors, dealers and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, navistar international corporation, daimler trucks north america and fiat chrysler automobiles (chrysler). we serve our customers through a network of approximately 600 wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distributor locations and over 7,600 cummins certified dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories.
in november 2019, we renamed our electrified power segment as "new power" in order to better represent the incorporation of fuel cell and hydrogen production technologies resulting from our acquisition of hydrogenics corporation. the new power segment includes our electrified power, fuel cell and hydrogen production technologies.
our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems and new power. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the engine segment produces engines (15 liters and smaller) and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems and other off-highway applications. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, electronics, fuel systems and automated transmissions. the power systems segment is an integrated power provider, which designs, manufactures and sells engines (16 liters and larger) for industrial applications (including mining, oil and gas, marine and rail), standby and prime power generator sets, alternators and other power components. the new power segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid along with innovative components and subsystems, including battery, fuel cell and hydrogen production technologies. we continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our oem partners and end customers.
31
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels, production schedules and stoppages. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico, russia and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results.
worldwide revenues decreased 1 percent in 2019 compared to 2018, as higher sales in the distribution and new power segments were more than offset by lower sales in all other operating segments. international demand (excludes the u.s. and canada) declined by 6 percent compared to 2018, with lower sales in most regions (especially in europe, india, russia, asia pacific and latin america). the decrease in international sales was driven by lower on-highway demand (mainly in the light-commercial vehicle (lcv) market in china and russia, truck markets in western europe and india, which negatively impacted our emission solutions and turbo technologies businesses, the medium-duty truck market in brazil and the bus market in europe), unfavorable foreign currency impacts of 4 percent of international sales (primarily the chinese renminbi, euro, british pound, australian dollar, brazilian real and indian rupee) and decreased demand in industrial markets (especially construction markets in china, asia pacific and india and most international mining markets). these decreases were partially offset by increased demand in china for both engines for oil and gas customers and power generation equipment for data center customers. net sales in the u.s. and canada improved by 3 percent primarily due to increased demand in the pick-up truck and medium-duty truck markets and increased demand in most of our distribution product lines (largely related to power generation equipment for data center customers), partially offset by lower demand in heavy-duty truck and bus markets and decreased industrial demand (especially in the oil and gas market).
the following table contains sales and ebitda by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. see the section titled "operating segment results" for a more detailed discussion of net sales and ebitda by operating segment including the reconciliation of segment ebitda to net income attributable to cummins inc.
operating segments
2019   2018                                                                             percent change percentof total                                                    percentof total                                       2019 vs. 2018
in millions                            sales                       ebitda               sales                ebitda                    sales            ebitda engine                           $10,056                           %           $1,454             $10,566                             %           $1,446            (5   )%          1    %
distribution                       8,071                34         %              656               7,828                  33         %              563         3       %          17    %
components                         6,914                           %            1,097               7,166                             %            1,030            (4   )%          7    %
power systems                      4,460                19         %              512               4,626                  20         %              614            (4   )%        (17   )%
new power                             38                 -         %             (149   )   7                               -         %              (90     )      nm             (66   )%
intersegment eliminations         (5,968   )           (25        )%               42              (6,422    )            (27        )%              (87     )      (7   )%         nm total                            $23,571               100         %           $3,612             $23,771                 100         %           $3,476            (1   )%          4    %
_____________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information net income attributable to cummins inc. for 2019 was $2.3 billion, or $14.48 per diluted share, on sales of $23.6 billion, compared to 2018 net income attributable to cummins inc. of $2.1 billion, or $13.15 per diluted share, on sales of $23.8 billion. the increase in net income attributable to cummins inc. and earnings per diluted share was driven by increased gross margin, lower variable compensation expenses and gains on corporate owned life insurance, partially offset by restructuring actions, higher research, development and engineering expenses and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. the increase in gross margin and gross margin percentage was mainly due to lower warranty costs (due to the absence of the $368 million engine system charge recorded in 2018), favorable pricing and lower material costs, partially offset by lower volumes, unfavorable impacts from tariffs and unfavorable foreign currency impacts (primarily australian dollar, euro, canadian dollar and brazilian real). see note 12, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the engine system campaign. diluted earnings per common share for 2019 benefited $0.25 per share from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase program.
we generated $3.2 billion of operating cash flows in 2019, compared to $2.4 billion in 2018. see the section titled "cash flows" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
32
our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2019, was 21.9 percent, compared to 23.1 percent at december 31, 2018. the decrease was primarily due to a decline in outstanding commercial paper. at december 31, 2019, we had $1.5 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our $3.5 billion credit facilities, if necessary, to meet currently anticipated investment and funding needs.
on april 29, 2019, we announced that we were conducting a formal internal review of our emissions certification process and compliance with emission standards for our pick-up truck applications, following conversations with the u.s. environmental protection agency and the california air resources board regarding certification of our engines in the model year 2019 ram 2500 and 3500 trucks. we voluntarily disclosed our formal internal review to the regulators and to other government agencies, the department of justice and the sec. we are also fully cooperating with the government agencies' information requests and inquiries. due to the continuing nature of our formal review, our ongoing cooperation with the regulators and other government agencies, and the presence of many unknown facts and circumstances, we cannot predict the final outcome of this review and these regulatory and agency processes, and we cannot provide assurance that the matter will not have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. see note 15, "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in july 2019, our board of directors (the board) authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 15 percent from $1.14 per share to $1.311 per share.
on august 21, 2019, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to $1.5 billion of unsecured funds at any time through august 18, 2020. this credit agreement amends and restates the prior $1.5 billion 364-day credit facility that matured on august 21, 2019. see note 11, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on september 9, 2019, we acquired an 81 percent interest in hydrogenics corporation for total consideration of $235 million. the hydrogen company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of l'air liquide, s.a., will maintain a 19 percent noncontrolling interest in hydrogenics corporation. see note 21, "acquisitions," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. in november 2019, we announced our intentions to reduce our global workforce in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2019, as well as expected reductions in orders in most u.s. and international markets in 2020. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we began executing restructuring actions, primarily in the form of voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. we incurred a charge of $119 million ($90 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2019 for these actions which impacted approximately 2,300 employees. see note 4, "restructuring actions," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
in december 2019, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2018 repurchase plan. in 2019, we repurchased $1,271 million or 8.1 million shares of common stock under the 2018 authorization. see note 16, "cummins inc. shareholders' equity" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2019, the investment gain on our u.s. pension trust was 17.6 percent while our u.k. pension trust gain was 10.9 percent. our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 113 percent funded at december 31, 2019. our u.s. defined benefit plan, which represents approximately 53 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, was 133 percent funded, and our u.k. defined benefit plan was 109 percent funded. we expect to contribute approximately $100 million in cash to our global pension plans in 2020. in addition, we expect our 2020 net periodic pension cost to approximate $100 million. see application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note 13, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
33
results of operations favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2019 vs. 2018                         2018 vs. 2017
in millions (except per share amounts)                                           2019                  2018                  2017             amount          percent               amount          percent net sales                                                                $23,571               $23,771               $20,428              $(200    )         (1    )%          $3,343              16   %
cost of sales                                                             17,591                18,034                15,328                443               2     %          (2,706    )        (18   )%
gross margin                                                               5,980                 5,737                 5,100                243               4     %             637              12   %
operating expenses and income selling, general and administrative expenses                               2,454                 2,437                 2,429                (17    )         (1    )%              (8    )          -   %
research, development and engineering expenses                             1,001                   902                   754                (99    )        (11    )%            (148    )        (20   )%
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                           330                   394                   357                (64    )        (16    )%              37              10   %
restructuring actions                                                        119                     -                     -               (119    )         nm                     -               -   %
other operating (expense) income, net                                        (36    )               (6    )               60                (30    )         nm                   (66    )         nm operating income                                                           2,700                 2,786                 2,334                (86    )         (3    )%             452              19   %
interest income                                                               46                    35                    18                 11              31     %              17              94   %
interest expense                                                             109                   114                    81                  5               4     %             (33    )        (41   )%
other income, net                                                            197                    46                    94                151              nm                   (48    )        (51   )%
income before income taxes                                                 2,834                 2,753                 2,365                 81               3     %             388              16   %
income tax expense                                                           566                   566                 1,371                  -               -     %             805              59   %
consolidated net income                                                    2,268                 2,187                   994                 81               4     %           1,193              nm less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests               8                    46                    (5    )            38              83     %             (51    )         nm net income attributable to cummins inc.                                   $2,260                $2,141                  $999               $119               6     %          $1,142              nm diluted earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.            $14.48                $13.15                 $5.97              $1.33              10     %           $7.18              nm
______________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information favorable/(unfavorable) percentage points percent of sales                                        2019          2018          2017             2019 vs. 2018                    2018 vs. 2017
gross margin                                        25.4   %      24.1   %      25.0   %   1.3                                      (0.9   )
selling, general and administrative expenses        10.4   %      10.3   %      11.9   %           (0.1   )          1.6
research, development and engineering expenses       4.2   %       3.8   %       3.7   %           (0.4   )                         (0.1   )
2019 vs. 2018
net sales net sales decreased $200 million, primarily driven by the following:
•   engine segment sales decreased 5 percent, primarily due to lower demand across most markets, especially in global construction markets, lcv and bus markets, as well as the brazilian medium-duty truck market and the north american heavy-duty truck market.
•   unfavorable foreign currency impacts of 1 percent, mainly the chinese renminbi, euro, british pound, australian dollar, brazilian real and indian rupee.
•   components segment sales decreased 4 percent, primarily due to lower demand in western europe and india.
•   power systems segment sales decreased 4 percent, due to lower demand in all product lines, especially industrial, as demand declined in oil and gas markets in north america and the global mining market.
these decreases were partially offset by increased sales of 3 percent in the distribution segment, primarily due to higher demand in most geographic regions, especially in north america, driven by increased demand in power generation equipment for data center customers and improved aftermarket demand in china.
34
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 38 percent of total net sales in 2019, compared with 41 percent of total net sales in 2018. a more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
cost of sales the types of expenses included in cost of sales are the following: parts and material consumption, including direct and indirect materials; salaries, wages and benefits; depreciation on production equipment and facilities and amortization of technology intangibles; estimated costs of warranty programs and campaigns; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing, including receiving and inspection; engineering support costs; repairs and maintenance; production and warehousing facility property insurance; rent for production facilities and other production overhead.
gross margin gross margin increased $243 million and 1.3 points as a percentage of sales. the increase in gross margin was mainly due to lower warranty costs (due to the absence of the $368 million engine system charge recorded in 2018), favorable pricing and lower material costs, partially offset by lower volumes, unfavorable impacts from tariffs and unfavorable foreign currency impacts (primarily australian dollar, euro, canadian dollar and brazilian real). see note 12, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the engine system campaign. the provision for warranties issued, excluding campaigns, as a percentage of sales, was 1.9 percent in 2019 and 1.9 percent in 2018. a more detailed discussion of margin by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses increased $17 million, primarily due to higher compensation and consulting expenses, partially offset by lower variable compensation expenses. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 10.4 percent in 2019 from 10.3 percent in 2018.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses increased $99 million, primarily due to higher compensation expense driven by headcount growth, including increased staffing for the new power segment, decreased expense recovery and higher consulting expenses, partially offset by lower variable compensation expenses. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 4.2 percent in 2019 from 3.8 percent in 2018. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines and related components as well as development activities around fully electric, hybrid and hydrogen powertrain solutions.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased $64 million, mainly due to lower earnings in china and india, especially at tata cummins ltd., beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., chongqing cummins engine co., ltd. and dongfeng cummins emission solutions co., ltd. and an impairment of a joint venture in our power systems segment.
restructuring actions in november 2019, we announced our intentions to reduce our global workforce in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2019, as well as expected reductions in orders in most u.s. and international markets in 2020. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we began executing restructuring actions, primarily in the form of voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. we incurred a charge of $119 million ($90 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2019 for these actions which impacted approximately 2,300 employees. the voluntary actions were completed by december 31, 2019 and the majority of the involuntary actions were executed prior to january 31, 2020, with expected completion by march 31, 2020. due to the inherent uncertainty involved, actual amounts paid for such activities may differ from amounts initially recorded and we may need to revise previous estimates.
we expect to realize annualized savings from the restructuring and other actions of $250 million to $300 million. approximately 55 percent of the savings from our restructuring actions will be realized in cost of sales, 30 percent in selling, general and administrative expenses and 15 percent in research, development and engineering expenses. we expect the severance to be paid in cash which will be funded from operations. see note 4, "restructuring actions," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
35
other operating (expense) income, net other operating (expense) income, net was as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                            2019                    2018
loss on write off of assets (1)                  $(22     )              $(19     )
amortization of intangible assets                 (20     )               (20     )
gain (loss) on sale of assets, net                 (2     )                 2
royalty income, net                                14                      38
other, net                                         (6     )                (7     )
other operating (expense) income, net            $(36     )               $(6     )
____________________________________
(1) includes $19 million of the total $33 million charge related to ending production of the 5 liter isv engine for the u.s. pick-up truck market during 2019.
interest income interest income increased $11 million, primarily due to higher average balances and rates of return on cash and marketable securities.
interest expense interest expense decreased $5 million, primarily due to lower average short-term borrowings.
other income, net other income, net was as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                                                   2019                    2018
non-service pension and other postretirement benefits credit             $71                       $
gain (loss) on corporate owned life insurance                                                    (20     )
foreign currency gain (loss), net (1)                                     28                     (34     )
gain on marketable securities, net                                        11                       -
rental income                                                              8                       8
bank charges                                                             (11     )               (11     )
other, net                                                                29                      43
total other income, net                                                 $197                     $46
____________________________________
(1) includes $35 million in gains from unwinding derivative instruments not designated as hedges as a result of foreign dividends paid during the third quarter of 2019.
income tax expense our effective tax rate for 2019 was 20.0 percent compared to 20.6 percent for 2018.
the year ended december 31, 2019, contained $34 million of favorable net discrete tax items, primarily due to withholding taxes and provision to return adjustments.
the year ended december 31, 2018, contained $14 million of favorable net discrete tax items, primarily due to $26 million of other favorable discrete tax items, partially offset by $12 million of unfavorable discrete tax items related to the 2017 tax legislation.
the change in the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2019, versus 2018, was primarily due to increased favorable net discrete tax items.
the effective tax rate for 2020 is expected to be 22.0 percent, excluding any discrete items that may arise.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries decreased $38 million, mostly due to lower earnings at eaton cummins joint venture and cummins india limited, partially offset by the absence of a $24 million unfavorable tax legislation withholding tax adjustment in 2018.
net income attributable to cummins inc. and diluted earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. increased $119 million and $1.33 per share, respectively, primarily due to increased gross margin, lower variable compensation expenses and gains on corporate owned life insurance, partially offset by restructuring actions, higher research, development and engineering expenses and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. diluted earnings per common share for 2019 benefited $0.25 per share from fewer weighted-average shares outstanding, primarily due to the stock repurchase program.
2018 vs. 2017
for prior year results of operations comparisons to 2017 see the results of operations section of our 2018 form 10-k. comprehensive income - foreign currency translation adjustment the foreign currency translation adjustment was a net loss of $152 million and $356 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the details were as follows:
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                  2018
in millions                                                   translation adjustment             primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar                              translation adjustment             primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar wholly-owned subsidiaries                                     $(126               )              british pound, chinese renminbi, indian rupee, brazilian real        $(266               )              british pound, chinese renminbi, indian rupee, brazilian real equity method investments                                     (21                 )              chinese renminbi, british pound                                      (60                 )              chinese renminbi, indian rupee, british pound consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest      (5                  )              indian rupee                                                         (30                 )              indian rupee total                                                         $(152               )                                                                                   $(356               )
2018 vs. 2017
for prior year foreign currency translation adjustment comparisons to 2017 see the results of operations section of our 2018 form 10-k.
operating segment results our reportable operating segments consist of the engine, distribution, components, power systems and new power segments. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. we use segment ebitda as the primary basis for the chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable operating segments. we believe ebitda is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. see note 22, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in november 2019, we renamed our electrified power segment as "new power" in order to better represent the incorporation of fuel cell and hydrogen production technologies resulting from our acquisition of hydrogenics corporation. the new power segment includes our electrified power, fuel cell and hydrogen production technologies.
following is a discussion of results for each of our operating segments.
for all prior year segment results comparisons to 2017 see the results of operations section of our 2018 form 10-k.
engine segment results financial data for the engine segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                      2019 vs. 2018                         2018 vs. 2017
in millions                                                        2019                  2018                  2017            amount          percent               amount          percent external sales                                              $7,570                $8,002                $6,661             $(432    )         (5    )%          $1,341              20     %
intersegment sales                                           2,486                 2,564                 2,292               (78    )         (3    )%             272              12     %
total sales                                                 10,056                10,566                 8,953              (510    )         (5    )%           1,613              18     %
research, development and engineering expenses                 337                   311                   280               (26    )         (8    )%             (31    )        (11    )%
equity, royalty and interest income from investees             200                   238                   219               (38    )        (16    )%              19               9     %
interest income                                                 15                    11                     6                 4              36     %               5              83     %
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)             1,472                 1,446                 1,143                26               2     %             303              27     %
restructuring actions                                           18                     -                     -               (18    )         nm                     -               -     %
segment ebitda                                               1,454                 1,446                 1,143                 8               1     %             303              27     %
percentage points                     percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                 14.5    %             13.7    %             12.8    %                          0.8                                   0.9
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information sales for our engine segment by market were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                   2019 vs. 2018                         2018 vs. 2017
in millions                 2019                 2018                  2017                        amount          percent               amount          percent heavy-duty truck                   $3,555                $3,652                $2,840           $(97    )         (3   )%             $812              29     %
medium-duty truck and bus           2,707                 2,855                 2,513           (148    )         (5   )%              342              14     %
light-duty automotive               1,804                 1,819                 1,727            (15    )         (1   )%               92               5     %
total on-highway                    8,066                 8,326                 7,080           (260    )         (3   )%            1,246              18     %
off-highway                         1,990                 2,240                 1,873           (250    )        (11   )%              367              20     %
total sales                       $10,056               $10,566                $8,953          $(510    )         (5   )%           $1,613              18     %
38
unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to power systems and off-highway engine units included in their respective classification) were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                    2019 vs. 2018                        2018 vs. 2017
2019                2018                  2017                         amount          percent              amount          percent heavy-duty                 122,600               128,500                95,900          (5,900   )           (5   )%         32,600               34     %
medium-duty                283,400               311,100               268,100         (27,700   )           (9   )%         43,000               16     %
light-duty                 245,900               273,400               257,500         (27,500   )          (10   )%         15,900                6     %
total unit shipments       651,900               713,000               621,500         (61,100   )           (9   )%         91,500               15     %
2019 vs. 2018
sales engine segment sales decreased $510 million. the following were the primary drivers by market:
•   off-highway sales decreased $250 million, primarily due to lower demand in construction markets, especially in china, asia pacific and india.
•   medium-duty truck and bus sales decreased $148 million, principally due to decreased global bus sales and lower medium-duty truck demand in brazil, partially offset by increased medium-duty truck sales in north america.
•   heavy-duty truck engine sales decreased $97 million, mainly due to lower demand in the north american heavy-duty truck market with decreased shipments of 6 percent, partially offset by increased sales in china.
•   unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, primarily in the chinese renminbi, brazilian real and euro.
•   light-duty automotive sales decreased $15 million as lower lcv sales, mainly in china, were mostly offset by higher pick-up truck sales in north america.
total on-highway-related sales for 2019 were 80 percent of total engine segment sales, compared to 79 percent in 2018.
segment ebitda engine segment ebitda increased $8 million, primarily due to higher gross margin, partially offset by decreased equity, royalty and interest income from investees, a $33 million charge related to ending production of the 5 liter isv engine for the u.s. pick-up truck market, increased selling, general and administrative expenses, higher research, development and engineering expenses and restructuring actions. the increase in gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of sales was primarily due to favorable pricing and the absence of a $184 million engine system campaign charge recorded in 2018, partially offset by lower volumes. see note 12, "product warranty liability," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the engine system campaign. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was mainly due to higher consulting expenses and increased compensation costs, partially offset by lower variable compensation expenses. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was principally due to lower expense recovery and higher consulting expenses, partially offset by lower variable compensation expenses. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to lower earnings at tata cummins ltd. and beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd.
39
distribution segment results financial data for the distribution segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2019 vs. 2018                       2018 vs. 2017
in millions                                                        2019                  2018                  2017             amount          percent             amount          percent external sales                                              $8,040                $7,807                $7,029               $233               3     %          $778              11     %
intersegment sales                                              31                    21                    29                 10              48     %            (8    )        (28    )%
total sales                                                  8,071                 7,828                 7,058                243               3     %           770              11     %
research, development and engineering expenses                  28                    20                    19                 (8    )        (40    )%            (1    )         (5    )%
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              52                    46                    44                  6              13     %             2               5     %
interest income                                                 15                    13                     6                  2              15     %             7              nm segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)               693                   563                   500                130              23     %            63              13     %
restructuring actions                                           37                     -                     -                (37    )         nm                   -               -     %
segment ebitda                                                 656                   563                   500                 93              17     %            63              13     %
percentage points                   percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                  8.1    %              7.2    %              7.1    %                           0.9                                 0.1
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information sales for our distribution segment by region were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                      2019 vs. 2018                       2018 vs. 2017
in millions                            2019                  2018                  2017            amount          percent             amount          percent north america                   $5,533                $5,341                $4,733              $192               4     %          $608              13     %
asia pacific                       878                   856                   767                22               3     %            89              12     %
europe                             531                   538                   440                (7    )         (1    )%            98              22     %
china                              358                   320                   267                38              12     %            53              20     %
africa and middle east             235                   241                   327                (6    )         (2    )%           (86    )        (26    )%
india                              201                   194                   190                 7               4     %             4               2     %
latin america                      176                   169                   167                 7               4     %             2               1     %
russia                             159                   169                   167               (10    )         (6    )%             2               1     %
total sales                     $8,071                $7,828                $7,058              $243               3     %          $770              11     %
sales for our distribution segment by product line were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2019 vs. 2018                       2018 vs. 2017
in millions        2019                 2018                  2017                            amount          percent             amount          percent parts                     $3,290                $3,234                $3,040                $56               2     %          $194               6     %
power generation           1,784                 1,486                 1,337                298              20     %           149              11     %
engines                    1,518                 1,634                 1,369               (116    )         (7    )%           265              19     %
service                    1,479                 1,474                 1,312                  5               -     %           162              12     %
total sales               $8,071                $7,828                $7,058               $243               3     %          $770              11     %
2019 vs. 2018
sales distribution segment sales increased $243 million. the following were the primary drivers by region:
•   north american sales increased $192 million, representing 79 percent of the total change in distribution segment sales, largely due to increased demand across the power generation product line mostly for improved data center orders, partially offset by decreased engine sales in oil and gas markets.
•   chinese sales increased $38 million, primarily due to higher on-highway engine volumes and improved aftermarket mining demand.
these increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (mainly in the australian dollar, euro, chinese renminbi, canadian dollar and south african rand).
segment ebitda distribution segment ebitda increased $93 million, primarily due to higher gross margin and lower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the australian dollar and south african rand) and restructuring actions. the increase in gross margin was principally due to higher volumes, improved pricing, lower variable compensation expenses and favorable mix, partially offset by increased compensation expenses and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the australian dollar, south african rand and canadian dollar). the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was mainly due to lower variable compensation expenses, partially offset by increased compensation and consulting expenses.
components segment results financial data for the components segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                      2019 vs. 2018                        2018 vs. 2017
in millions                                                        2019                  2018                  2017            amount          percent             amount           percent external sales                                              $5,253                $5,331                $4,363              $(78    )         (1    )%          $968               22   %
intersegment sales                                           1,661                 1,835                 1,526              (174    )         (9    )%           309               20   %
total sales                                                  6,914                 7,166                 5,889              (252    )         (4    )%         1,277               22   %
research, development and engineering expenses                 300                   272                   241               (28    )        (10    )%           (31    )         (13   )%
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              40                    54                    40               (14    )        (26    )%            14               35   %
interest income                                                  8                     5                     3                 3              60     %             2               67   %
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)             1,117                 1,030                   917                87               8     %           113               12   %
restructuring actions                                           20                     -                     -               (20    )         nm                   -                -   %
segment ebitda                                               1,097                 1,030                   917                67               7     %           113               12   %
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                 15.9    %             14.4    %             15.6    %                          1.5                                 (1.2   )
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information sales for our components segment by business were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                      2019 vs. 2018                         2018 vs. 2017
in millions                                  2019                  2018                  2017            amount          percent               amount          percent emission solutions                    $3,122                $3,177                $2,675              $(55    )         (2   )%             $502              19     %
filtration                             1,281                 1,265                 1,153        16                       1   %               112              10     %
turbo technologies                     1,218                 1,343                 1,179              (125    )         (9   )%              164              14     %
electronics and fuel systems             759                   838                   718               (79    )         (9   )%              120              17     %
automated transmissions                  534                   543                   164                (9    )         (2   )%              379              nm total sales                           $6,914                $7,166                $5,889             $(252    )         (4   )%           $1,277              22     %
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
2019 vs. 2018
sales components segment sales decreased $252 million. the following were the primary drivers by business:
•   turbo technologies sales decreased $125 million, principally due to lower demand in western europe and north america.
•   unfavorable currency fluctuations mainly in the chinese renminbi, euro and british pound.
•   electronics and fuel systems sales decreased $79 million, primarily due to lower demand in north america and india.
•   emission solutions sales decreased $55 million, largely due to weaker market demand in asia pacific, western europe, india and china, mostly offset by stronger demand in north america.
42
segment ebitda components segment ebitda increased $67 million, as higher gross margin was partially offset by increased research, development and engineering expenses, restructuring actions, unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the chinese renminbi, brazilian real and mexican peso) and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to the absence of a $184 million engine system campaign charge recorded in 2018 and lower material costs, partially offset by lower volumes, reduced pricing and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the chinese renminbi, brazilian real, australian dollar and euro). see note 12, "product warranty liability," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the engine system campaign. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower expense recovery, higher compensation expenses and additional spending in the automated transmission business, partially offset by lower variable compensation expenses. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was mainly due to lower earnings at dongfeng cummins emission solutions co., ltd. and shanghai fleetguard filter co.
power systems segment results financial data for the power systems segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2019 vs. 2018                       2018 vs. 2017
in millions                                                        2019                  2018                  2017            amount           percent             amount          percent external sales                                              $2,670                $2,625                $2,375               $45                2   %            $250              11     %
intersegment sales                                           1,790                 2,001                 1,683              (211    )         (11   )%            318              19     %
total sales                                                  4,460                 4,626                 4,058              (166    )          (4   )%            568              14     %
research, development and engineering expenses                 230                   230                   214                 -                -   %             (16    )         (7    )%
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              38                    56                    54               (18    )         (32   )%              2               4     %
interest income                                                  8                     6                     3                 2               33   %               3             100     %
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)               524                   614                   411               (90    )         (15   )%            203              49     %
restructuring actions                                           12                     -                     -               (12    )          nm                   -               -     %
segment ebitda                                                 512                   614                   411              (102    )         (17   )%            203              49     %
percentage points                   percentage points segment ebitda as a percentage of total sales                 11.5    %             13.3    %             10.1    %                          (1.8   )                             3.2
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information sales for our power systems segment by product line were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,   2019 vs. 2018                                       2018 vs. 2017
in millions                            2019                  2018                  2017   amount                percent             amount          percent power generation                $2,518                $2,586                $2,305        $(68      )          (3   )%           $281              12     %
industrial                       1,576                 1,663                 1,399        (87       )          (5   )%            264              19     %
generator technologies             366                   377                   354        (11       )          (3   )%             23               6     %
total sales                     $4,460                $4,626                $4,058        $(166     )          (4   )%           $568              14     %
2019 vs. 2018
sales power systems segment sales decreased $166 million across all lines of business. the following were the primary drivers:
•   industrial sales decreased $87 million, primarily due to lower demand in oil and gas markets in north america and weaker demand in global mining markets, especially in europe and russia, partially offset by stronger demand in oil and gas markets in china.
43
•   unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations mainly in the british pound, indian rupee and chinese renminbi.
•   power generation sales decreased $68 million, principally due to lower demand in western europe, middle east and latin america, partially offset by higher demand in north america and china from data center customers.
segment ebitda power systems segment ebitda decreased $102 million, principally due to lower gross margin, decreased equity, royalty and interest income from investees and restructuring actions, partially offset by favorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the british pound, indian rupee and brazilian real), lower selling, general and administrative expenses and a gain on sale of assets. the decrease in gross margin was mainly due to decreased volumes and unfavorable mix, partially offset by improved pricing, decreased compensation expenses and favorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the british pound). the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower variable compensation expenses, partially offset by higher consulting expenses. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was largely due to impairment of a joint venture and lower earnings at chongqing cummins engine co., ltd.
new power segment results the new power segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid along with innovative components and subsystems, including battery, fuel cell and hydrogen production technologies. the new power segment is currently in the development phase with a primary focus on research and development activities for all of our power systems, components and subsystems. financial data for the new power segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2019 vs. 2018
in millions                                                       2019                    2018            amount         percent total external sales                                         $38                      $7               $31               nm research, development and engineering expenses               106                      69               (37     )         (54   )%
segment ebitda (excluding restructuring actions)            (148     )               (90     )         (58     )         (64   )%
restructuring actions                                          1                       -                (1     )         nm segment ebitda                                              (149     )               (90     )         (59     )         (66   )%
______________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
44
reconciliation of segment ebitda to net income attributable to cummins inc.
the table below reconciles the segment information to the corresponding amounts in the consolidated statements of net income.
years ended december 31, in millions                                                                      2019                  2018                  2017
total segment ebitda                                                      $3,570                $3,563                $2,971
intersegment elimination (1)                                                  42                   (87    )               55
total ebitda                                                               3,612                 3,476                 3,026
less:
interest expense                                                             109                   114                    81
depreciation and amortization (2)                                            669                   609                   580
income before income taxes                                                 2,834                 2,753                 2,365
less: income tax expense                                                     566                   566                 1,371
consolidated net income                                                    2,268                 2,187                   994
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests               8                    46                    (5    )
net income attributable to cummins inc.                                   $2,260                $2,141                  $999
____________________________________
(1) includes intersegment sales, intersegment profit in inventory eliminations and unallocated corporate expenses. the year ended december 31, 2019, includes a $31 million restructuring charge related to corporate functions. there were no significant unallocated corporate expenses for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017.
(2) depreciation and amortization, as shown on a segment basis, excludes the amortization of debt discount and deferred costs included in the consolidated statements of net income as "interest expense." the amortization of debt discount and deferred costs was $3 million, $2 million and $3 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
2020 outlook our outlook reflects the following positive trends and challenges to our business that could impact our revenue and earnings potential in 2020.
positive trends
•   we expect to realize annualized savings from restructuring and other actions of approximately $250 million to $300 million.
challenges
•   we may close or restructure additional manufacturing and distribution facilities as we evaluate the appropriate size and structure of our manufacturing and distribution capacity, which could result in additional charges.
•   industry production of heavy-duty and medium-duty trucks in north america is expected to decline.
•   north american pick-up truck demand should decline.
•   power generation markets are expected to decline.
•   demand in north american, chinese and european construction markets is expected to weaken.
•   weak economic conditions in india may continue to negatively impact demand across our businesses.
•   demand in chinese truck markets is expected to decline.
•   lower commodity prices and capital expenditures by mining companies could reduce demand for mining engines.
•   demand in oil and gas markets in north america should remain weak.
•   uncertainty in the u.k. surrounding its ability to negotiate trade agreements as a sovereign country could have material negative impacts on our european operations in the long-term.
liquidity and capital resources key working capital and balance sheet data we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management attention. working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table:
dollars in millions                                  december 31,             december 31,
2019                     2018
working capital (1)                                 $3,127                   $3,434
current ratio                                         1.50                     1.54
accounts and notes receivable, net                  $3,670                   $3,866
days' sales in receivables                              58
inventories                                         $3,486                   $3,759
inventory turnover                                     4.7                      4.9
accounts payable (principally trade)                $2,534                   $2,822
days' payable outstanding                                                        56
total debt                                          $2,367                   $2,476
total debt as a percent of total capital              21.9      %              23.1      %
____________________________________
(1) working capital includes cash and cash equivalents.
cash flows cash and cash equivalents were impacted as follows:
years ended december 31,                                       change in millions                                                    2019                 2018                                 2017        2019 vs. 2018           2018 vs. 2017
net cash provided by operating activities                             $3,181                $2,378                $2,277               $803                    $101
net cash used in investing activities                                 (1,150    )             (974    )           (1,052    )          (176      )   78
net cash used in financing activities                                 (2,095    )           (1,400    )           (1,074    )          (695      )             (326      )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents            (110    )              (70    )               98                (40      )             (168      )
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                   $(174    )             $(66    )             $249              $(108      )            $(315      )
2019 vs. 2018
net cash provided by operating activities increased $803 million, primarily due to lower working capital requirements of $516 million, increased other liabilities of $165 million, higher deferred tax expense of $93 million and higher consolidated net income of $81 million, partially offset by non-cash gains on corporate owned life insurance of $87 million and higher pension contributions of $83 million. during 2019, lower working capital requirements resulted in a cash outflow of $31 million compared to a cash outflow of $547 million in 2018, mainly due to lower inventory and lower accounts receivable levels, partially offset by lower accounts payable levels in 2019 as we adjusted for slowing market demand.
net cash used in investing activities increased $176 million, primarily due to higher acquisitions of $167 million and higher net investments in marketable securities of $69 million, partially offset by higher cash flows from derivatives not designated as hedges of $58 million.
net cash used in financing activities increased $695 million, principally due to the reduction of commercial paper borrowings of $602 million and higher common stock repurchases of $131 million, partially offset by increased borrowings under short-term credit agreements of $52 million.
the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents increased $40 million, primarily due to unfavorable fluctuations in the british pound of $55 million, partially offset by favorable fluctuations in the chinese renminbi and indian rupee.
2018 vs. 2017
for prior year liquidity comparisons see the liquidity and capital resources section of our 2018 form 10-k.
47
sources of liquidity we generate significant ongoing cash flow. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity with $3.2 billion provided in 2019. at december 31, 2019, our sources of liquidity included:
december 31, 2019
in millions                                                                  total              u.s.            international       primary location of international balances cash and cash equivalents                                               $1,129              $182                  $947              china, singapore, netherlands, mexico, belgium, australia marketable securities (1)                                        341                 74                            267              india total                                                                   $1,470              $256                $1,214
available credit capacity revolving credit facilities (2)                                         $2,840
international and other uncommitted domestic credit facilities            $204
____________________________________
(1) the majority of marketable securities could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
(2) the five-year credit facility for $2.0 billion and the 364-day credit facility for $1.5 billion, maturing august 2023 and august 2020, respectively, are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2019, we had $660 million of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced the available capacity under our revolving credit facilities to $2.8 billion.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities a significant portion of our cash flows is generated outside the u.s. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources.
debt facilities and other sources of liquidity on august 21, 2019, we entered into an amended and restated 364-day credit agreement that allows us to borrow up to $1.5 billion of unsecured funds at any time through august 18, 2020. this credit agreement amends and restates the prior $1.5 billion 364-day credit facility that matured on august 21, 2019.
we have access to committed credit facilities that total $3.5 billion, including the new $1.5 billion 364-day facility that expires august 19, 2020 and a $2.0 billion five-year facility that expires on august 22, 2023. we intend to maintain credit facilities of a similar aggregate amount by renewing or replacing these facilities before expiration. these revolving credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes. both credit agreements include a financial covenant requiring that the leverage ratio of net debt of the company and its subsidiaries to the consolidated total capital of the company and its subsidiaries may not exceed 0.65 to 1.0. at december 31, 2019, our leverage ratio was 0.12 to 1.0.
we can issue up to $3.5 billion of unsecured, short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) pursuant to the board authorized commercial paper programs. the programs facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term debt through third-party brokers. we intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper borrowings for general corporate purposes. the total combined borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs should not exceed $3.5 billion. see note 11, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the sec on february 13, 2019. under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units.
in july 2017, the u.k.'s financial conduct authority, which regulates the london interbank offered rate (libor), announced that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. various central bank committees and working groups continue to discuss replacement of benchmark rates, the process for amending existing libor-based contracts, and the potential economic impacts of different alternatives. the alternative reference rates committee has identified the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as its preferred alternative rate for usd libor. sofr is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions.
48
we are evaluating the potential impact of the replacement of the libor benchmark interest rate including risk management, internal operational readiness and monitoring the financial accounting standards board standard-setting process to address financial reporting issues that might arise in connection with transition from libor to a new benchmark rate.
supply chain financing we currently have supply chain financing programs with financial intermediaries, which provide certain vendors the option to be paid by financial intermediaries earlier than the due date on the applicable invoice. when a vendor utilizes the program and receives an early payment from a financial intermediary, they take a discount on the invoice. we then pay the financial intermediary the face amount of the invoice on the regularly scheduled due date. we do not reimburse vendors for any costs they incur for participation in the program and their participation is completely voluntary. as a result, all amounts owed to the financial intermediaries are presented as "accounts payable" in our consolidated balance sheets.
uses of cash stock repurchases in december 2019, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2018 repurchase plan. in october 2018, the board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock. for the year ended december 31, 2019, we made the following purchases under the 2018 stock repurchase program:
in millions, except per share amounts            shares              average cost            total cost of                remaining purchased                 per share              repurchases               authorized capacity (1)
march 31                                     0.7                   $137.80                     $100                   $1,806
june 30                                        -                         -                        -                    1,806
september 29                                 4.6                    152.57                      706                    1,100
december 31                                  2.8                    167.82                      465          635
total                                        8.1                    156.46                   $1,271
____________________________________
(1) the remaining authorized capacity under these plans was calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares but excludes commission expenses in accordance with the authorized plan.
we intend to repurchase outstanding shares from time to time during 2020 to enhance shareholder value and to offset the dilutive impact of employee stock-based compensation plans.
dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $761 million, $718 million and $701 million, respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by the board, who meet quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
•   in july 2019, the board authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 15 percent from $1.14 per share to $1.311 per share.
•   in july 2018, the board authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 5.6 percent from $1.08 per share to $1.14 per share.
•   in july 2017, the board authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 5.4 percent from $1.025 per share to $1.08 per share.
cash dividends per share paid to common shareholders for the last three years were as follows:
quarterly dividends
2019              2018                2017
first quarter          $1.14             $1.08              $1.025
second quarter          1.14              1.08               1.025
third quarter          1.311              1.14                1.08
fourth quarter         1.311              1.14                1.08
total                  $4.90             $4.44               $4.21
49
acquisition on september 9, 2019, we acquired an 81 percent interest in hydrogenics corporation for total consideration of $235 million. the hydrogen company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of l'air liquide, s.a., will maintain a 19 percent noncontrolling interest in hydrogenics corporation. see note 21, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
restructuring actions in november 2019, we announced our intentions to reduce our global workforce in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2019, as well as expected reductions in orders in most u.s. and international markets in 2020. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we began executing restructuring actions, primarily in the form of voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. we incurred a charge of $119 million ($90 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2019 for these actions which impacted approximately 2,300 employees. we expect to incur $116 million in cash payments in 2020. see note 4, "restructuring actions," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
capital expenditures capital expenditures, including spending on internal use software, were $775 million, $784 million and $587 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend an estimated $675 million to $700 million in 2020 on capital expenditures as we continue with product launches and facility improvements. approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures are expected to be invested outside of the u.s. in 2020. in addition, we plan to spend an estimated $70 million to $80 million on internal use software in 2020.
pensions the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2019, the investment gain on our u.s. pension trust was 17.6 percent while our u.k. pension trust gain was 10.9 percent. approximately 73 percent of our pension plan assets are held in highly liquid investments such as fixed income and equity securities. the remaining 27 percent of our plan assets are held in less liquid, but market valued investments, including real estate, private equity, venture capital, opportunistic credit and insurance contracts.
we sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans. contributions to the u.s. and u.k. plans were as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                         2019                2018                2017
defined benefit pension contributions          $121                 $37                $243
defined contribution pension plans              102                 104                  84
we anticipate making total contributions of approximately $100 million to our defined benefit pension plans in 2020. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2020 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
current maturities of short and long-term debt we had $660 million of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2019, that matures in less than one year. the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt does not require significant cash outflows until 2023 when our 3.65% senior notes are due. required annual long-term debt principal payments range from $5 million to $506 million over the next five years. see note 11, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
credit ratings our ratings and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below.
long-term            short-term credit rating agency (1)                senior debt rating   debt rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services   a+                   a1            stable moody's investors service, inc.         a2                   p1            stable
____________________________________
(1) credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
management's assessment of liquidity our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. we believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, debt service obligations and restructuring actions. we continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs as noted above.
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments a summary of our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at december 31, 2019, are as follows:
contractual cash obligations                                                                                      payments due by period in millions                                                       2020             2021-2022             2023-2024            after 2024               total long-term debt and finance lease obligations (1)              $124                $227                  $657                $2,206                $3,214
operating leases                                               143                 207                   107                    95                   552
capital expenditures                                           255                   -                     -                     -                   255
purchase commitments for inventory                             688                   1                     -                     -                   689
other purchase commitments                                     276                  19                     3                    12                   310
transitional tax liability                                       -                  38                   149                   106                   293
other postretirement benefits                                   22                  42                    38                    77                   179
international and other domestic letters of credit             134                  21                     3                     3                   161
performance and excise bonds                                    22                  61                    12                     1                    96
guarantees, indemnifications and other commitments              30                   4                    10                     9                    53
total                                                       $1,694                $620                  $979                $2,509                $5,802
___________________________________________________________
(1)   includes principal payments and expected interest payments based on the terms of the obligations.
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $77 million as of december 31, 2019. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 5, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap) which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of the board. we believe our critical accounting estimates include estimating liabilities for warranty programs, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits and assessing goodwill impairments.
52
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when it is announced. our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. we generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters, and new product specific experience thereafter. note 12, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2019, 2018 and 2017 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. future tax benefits of net operating loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2019, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $135 million. the assets included $364 million for the value of net operating loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $317 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets.
in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions. we have taken and we believe we have made adequate provisions for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 5, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans globally, with the majority of assets in the u.s. and the u.k. in the u.s. and the u.k., we have several major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension plans under gaap. gaap requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded passive fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of the value added by active investment management. at december 31, 2019, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 30-year projection period equal to or in excess of 6.25 percent, including the additional positive returns expected from active investment management.
53
the one-year return for our u.s. plans was 17.6 percent for 2019. our u.s. plan assets have averaged annualized returns of 9.77 percent over the prior ten years and resulted in approximately $490 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci) in the same period. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations as plan assets continue to be de-risked, consistent with our investment policy, we believe an investment return assumption of 6.25 percent per year in 2020 for u.s. pension assets is reasonable.
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. at december 31, 2019, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 4 percent. the one-year return for our u.k. plans was 10.9 percent for 2019. we have generated average annualized returns of 9.13 percent over ten years, resulting in approximately $580 million of actuarial gains in aoci. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations as the plan assets continue to be de-risked, we believe an investment return assumption of 4.0 percent in 2020 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable. our pension plan asset allocations at december 31, 2019 and 2018 and target allocation for 2020 are as follows:
u.s. plans                                                                             u.k. plans target allocation                   percentage of plan assets at december 31,          target allocation                   percentage of plan assets at december 31, investment description                       2020                       2019                             2018                       2020            2019                             2018
liability matching                72.0          %            69.2          %                  68.0          %            56.5          %            53.4          %                  56.5          %
risk seeking                      28.0          %            30.8          %                  32.0          %            43.5          %            46.6          %                  43.5          %
total                            100.0          %           100.0          %                 100.0          %           100.0          %           100.0          %                 100.0          %
the differences between the actual return on plan assets and expected long-term return on plan assets are recognized in the asset value used to calculate net periodic cost over five years. the table below sets forth the expected return assumptions used to develop our pension cost for the period 2017-2019 and our expected rate of return for 2020.
long-term expected return assumptions
2020              2019              2018              2017
u.s. plans       6.25     %        6.25     %        6.50     %        7.25     %
u.k. plans       4.00     %        4.00     %        4.00     %        4.50     %
gaap for pensions offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligations (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in accumulated other comprehensive loss (aocl) and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, gaap also allows immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $963 million ($762 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and under certain circumstances, such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation, the difference is amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. under gaap, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in aocl. at december 31, 2019, we had net pension actuarial losses of $611 million and $323 million for the u.s. and u.k. pension plans, respectively. as these amounts exceed 10 percent of their respective plan assets, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $85 million after-tax in 2019. the loss is primarily due to lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k, partially offset by strong asset returns in the u.s. and u.k.
the table below sets forth the net periodic pension cost for the years ended december 31 and our expected cost for 2020.
in millions                 2020              2019            2018            2017
net periodic pension cost          $100             $65             $86             $82
54
we expect 2020 net periodic pension cost to increase compared to 2019, primarily due to lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. the decrease in net periodic pension cost in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to higher discount rates and favorable actuarial experience in the u.s. and u.k., partially offset by a lower expected rate of return in the u.s. the increase in net periodic pension cost in 2018 compared to 2017 was due to a lower expected rate of return in the u.s. and u.k. as we de-risked plan trust assets, partially offset by reduced loss amortization in the u.s. and u.k.
the weighted-average discount rates used to develop our net periodic pension cost are set forth in the table below.
discount rates
2020          2019          2018          2017
u.s. plans      3.36   %      4.36   %      3.66   %      4.12   %
u.k. plans      2.00   %      2.80   %      2.55   %      2.70   %
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate are discussed in gaap which suggests the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) at december 31, 2019, by at least one of the bond rating agencies.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
the table below sets forth the estimated impact on our 2020 net periodic pension cost relative to a change in the discount rate and a change in the expected rate of return on plan assets.
in millions            impact on pension cost increase/(decrease)
discount rate used to value liabilities
0.25 percent increase                                 $(18                )
0.25 percent decrease                                   19
expected rate of return on assets
1 percent increase                                  (50                )
1 percent decrease                                   50
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 13, "pensions and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
goodwill impairment we are required to make certain subjective and complex judgments in assessing whether a goodwill impairment event has occurred, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of our reporting units. we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level and our reporting units are the operating segments or the components of operating segments that constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by management.
under gaap for goodwill, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform an annual quantitative goodwill impairment test. we have elected this option on certain reporting units. the following events and circumstances are considered when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount:
•   macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and/or other developments in equity and credit markets;
•   industry and market considerations, such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, material loss in market share and significant declines in product pricing;
•   cost factors, such as an increase in raw materials, labor or other costs;
•   overall financial performance, such as negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or forecasted revenue;
•   other relevant entity-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel and
•   events affecting a reporting unit, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of its net assets including acquisitions and dispositions.
the examples noted above are not all-inclusive, and we consider other relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value of a reporting unit in determining whether to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
our goodwill recoverability assessment is based on our annual strategic planning process. this process includes an extensive review of expectations for the long-term growth of our businesses and forecasted future cash flows.  our valuation method is an income approach using a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our current knowledge from our commercial relationships and available external information about future trends.
the discounted cash flow model requires us to make projections of revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, working capital investment and fixed asset additions for the reporting units over a multi-year period. additionally, management must estimate a weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects a market rate, for each reporting unit for use as a discount rate. the discounted cash flows are compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit and, if less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as a goodwill impairment loss. in addition, we also perform a sensitivity analysis to determine how much our forecasts can fluctuate before the fair value of a reporting unit would be lower than its carrying amount. we perform the required procedures as of the end of our fiscal third quarter. while none of our reporting units recorded a goodwill impairment in 2019, we determined the automated transmission business is our only reporting unit with material goodwill where the estimated fair value does not substantially exceed the carrying value. the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount of $1.2 billion by approximately 34 percent. total goodwill in this reporting unit is $544 million. this reporting unit is made up of only one business, our joint venture with eaton (eaton cummins automated transmission technologies), which was acquired and recorded at fair value in the third quarter of 2017. as a result, we did not expect the estimated fair value would exceed the carrying value by a significant amount. we valued this reporting unit primarily using an income approach based on its expected future cash flows. the critical assumptions that factored into the valuation are the projected future revenues and ebitda margins of the business as well as the discount rate used to present value these future cash flows. a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate would result in a 17 percent decline in the fair value of the reporting unit.
recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies", to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
