item 1a.   risk factors cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements we have made forward-looking statements in this report and make forward-looking statements in our press releases and conference calls that are subject to risks and uncertainties. forward-looking statements include information that is not purely historic fact and include, without limitation, statements concerning our financial outlook for 2020 and beyond, our possible or assumed future results of operations generally, and other statements and information regarding assumptions about our revenues, revenue growth rates, gross margin percentage, net income, net income per share, fully diluted net income per share, ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") net income, non-gaap net income per share, weighted-average outstanding shares, taxable income (loss), cash flow from operating activities, available cash, operating costs, amortization expense, intangible asset recovery, capital and other expenditures, legal proceedings and claims, legal costs, effective tax rate, equity compensation charges, future taxable income, pending acquisitions, the anticipated benefits of completed or proposed acquisitions, the anticipated timing of acquisition closings, the anticipated benefits of cross-selling efforts, product development and release, planned product enhancements, sales and marketing campaigns, product integrations, elimination and de-emphasizing of services, contract renewal rate, the timing of future payments of principal under our $750 million credit facility available to us under the amended and restated credit agreement dated october 19, 2017 (the "2017 credit agreement"), expectations regarding our compliance with financial and restrictive covenants in the 2017 credit agreement, financing plans, geographic expansion, development of new products and services, capital structure, contractual obligations, our database, database growth, services and facilities, employee relations, future economic performance, our ability to liquidate or realize our long-term investments, management's plans, goals and objectives for future operations and growth and markets for our stock. sections of this report which contain forward-looking statements include "business," "risk factors," "properties," "legal proceedings," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," "controls and procedures" and the financial statements and related notes.
our forward-looking statements are also identified by words such as "hope," "anticipate," "may," "believe," "expect," "intend," "will," "should," "plan," "estimate," "predict," "continue" and "potential" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. you should understand that these forward-looking statements are estimates reflecting our judgment, beliefs and expectations, not guarantees of future performance. they are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. the following important factors, in addition to those discussed or referred to under the heading "risk factors," and other unforeseen events or circumstances, could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: commercial real estate market conditions; general economic conditions, both domestic and international , including the impacts of "brexit" and uncertainty from the expected discontinuance of libor and the transition to any other interest rate benchmark; our ability to identify, acquire and integrate acquisition candidates; our ability to realize the expected benefits, cost savings or other synergies from acquisitions, including str and ocp, on a timely basis or at all; our ability to combine acquired businesses successfully or in a timely and cost-efficient manner; business disruption relating to integration of acquired businesses or other business initiatives; business disruption relating to acquisitions may be greater than expected; our ability to transition acquired service platforms to our model in a timely manner or at all; changes and developments in business plans; theft of any personally identifiable information we, or the businesses that we acquire, maintain or process; any actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy or data protection laws, regulations or standards; the amount of investment for sales and marketing and our ability to realize a return on investments in sales and marketing; our ability to effectively and strategically combine, eliminate or de-emphasize service offerings; reductions in revenues as a result of service changes; the time and resources required to develop upgraded or new services and to expand service offerings; changes or consolidations within the commercial real estate industry; customer retention; our ability to attract new clients; our ability to sell additional services to existing clients; our ability to successfully introduce and cross-sell new products or upgraded services in u.s. and foreign markets; our ability to attract consumers to our online marketplaces; our ability to increase traffic on our network of sites; the success of our marketing campaigns in generating brand awareness and site traffic; competition; foreign currency fluctuations; global credit market conditions affecting investments; our ability to continue to expand successfully, timely and in a cost-efficient manner, including internationally; our ability to effectively penetrate and gain acceptance in new sectors and geographies; our ability to control costs; litigation or government investigations in which we become involved; changes in accounting policies or practices; release of new and upgraded services or entry into new markets by us or our competitors; data quality; expansion, growth, development or reorganization of our sales force; employee retention; technical problems with our services; managerial execution; changes in relationships with real estate brokers, property managers and other strategic partners; legal and regulatory issues, including any actual or perceived failure to comply with u.s. or international laws, rules or regulations; and successful adoption of and training on our services.
accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of, and are based on information available to us on, the date of this report. all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. we do not undertake any obligation to update any such statements or release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect new information or events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
risk factors our revenues and financial position will be adversely affected if we are not able to attract and retain clients. our success and revenues depend on attracting and retaining subscribers to our information, analytics and online marketplaces. our subscription-based information, analytics and online marketplaces generate the largest portion of our revenues. however, we may be unable to attract new clients, and our existing clients may decide not to add, not to renew or to cancel subscription services. in addition, in order to increase our revenue, we must continue to attract new customers, continue to keep our cancellation rate low and continue to sell new services to our existing customers. we may not be able to continue to grow our customer base, keep the cancellation rate for customers and services low or sell new services to existing customers as a result of several factors, including without limitation: economic pressures; the business failure of a current client or clients; a decision that customers have no need for our services; a decision to use alternative services; customers' and potential customers' pricing and budgetary constraints; consolidation in the real estate and/or financial services industries; data quality; technical problems; or competitive pressures. we compete against many other commercial real estate information, analytics, and marketing service providers for business, including competitors that offer their services through rapidly changing methods of delivering real estate information. if clients cancel services or decide not to renew their subscription agreements, and we do not sell new services to our existing clients or attract new clients, then our renewal rate, net new sales and revenues may decline or fail to meet expectations.
we may not be able to successfully introduce new or upgraded information, analytics and online marketplace services or combine or shift focus from services with less demand, which could decrease our revenues and our profitability. our future business and financial success will depend on our ability to continue to anticipate the needs of customers and potential customers, and to successfully introduce new and upgraded services into the marketplace. to be successful, we must be able to quickly adapt to changes in the industry, as well as rapid technological changes by continually enhancing our information, analytics and online marketplace services. developing new services and upgrades to services, as well as integrating and coordinating current services, imposes heavy burdens on our systems department, product development team, management and researchers. the processes are costly, and our efforts to develop, integrate and enhance our services may not be successful. in addition, successfully launching and selling a new or upgraded service puts additional strain on our sales and marketing resources. if we are unsuccessful in obtaining greater market share or in obtaining widespread adoption of new or upgraded services, we may not be able to offset the expenses associated with the launch and marketing of the new or upgraded service, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. for example, to generate brand awareness and site traffic for our apartments.com network of rental websites, we invest significant resources in a multi-channel marketing campaign. if the marketing campaign does not continue to increase brand awareness, site traffic and/or revenues, it could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
if we are unable to develop new or upgraded services or decide to combine, shift focus from, or phase out a service, then our customers may choose a competitive service over ours and our revenues may decline and our profitability may be reduced. if we incur significant costs in developing new or upgraded services or combining and coordinating existing services, if we are not successful in marketing and selling these new services or upgrades, or if our customers fail to accept these new or combined and coordinating services, then there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations due to a decrease of our revenues and a reduction of our profitability. in addition, as we integrate acquired businesses, we continue to assess which services we believe will best meet the needs of our customers. if we eliminate or phase out a service and are not able to offer and successfully market and sell an alternative service, our revenue may decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
if we do not invest in product development and provide services that are attractive to our marketplace users and to our advertisers, our business could be adversely affected. our success depends on our continued improvements to provide services that make our marketplaces useful for users and attractive to our advertisers. as a result, we must continually invest resources in research and development to improve the appeal and comprehensiveness of our services and effectively incorporate new technologies. if we are unable to provide services that users want, then users may become dissatisfied and use competitors' websites. if we are unable to continue offering innovative services, we may be unable to attract additional users and advertisers or retain our current users and advertisers, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
a downturn or consolidation in the commercial real estate industry may decrease customer demand for our services. the commercial real estate market may be adversely impacted by many different factors, including lower than expected job growth or job losses resulting in reduced real estate demand; rising interest rates and slowing transaction volumes that negatively impact investment returns; excessive speculative new construction in localized markets resulting in increased vacancy rates and diminished rent growth; and unanticipated disasters and other adverse events such as slowing of the growth in the working age population resulting in reduced demand for all types of real estate. a reversal of improvements in the commercial real estate industry's leasing activity and absorption rates or a downturn in the commercial real estate market may affect our ability to generate revenues and may lead to more cancellations by our current or future customers, either of which could cause our revenues or our revenue growth rate to decline and reduce our profitability. a depressed commercial real estate market has a negative impact on our core customer base, which could decrease demand for our information, analytics and online marketplaces. also, companies in this industry may consolidate, often in order to reduce expenses. consolidation, or other cost-cutting measures by our customers, may lead to cancellations of our information, analytics and online marketplace services by our customers, reduce the number of our existing clients, reduce the size of our target market or increase our clients' bargaining power, all of which could cause our revenues to decline and reduce our profitability. if cancellations, reductions of services, and failures to pay increase, and we are unable to offset the resulting decrease in revenues by increasing sales to new or existing customers, our revenues may decline or grow at lower rates.
negative general economic conditions could increase our expenses and reduce our revenues. our business and the commercial real estate industry are particularly affected by negative trends in the general economy. the success of our business depends on a number of factors relating to general global, national, regional and local economic conditions, including perceived and actual economic conditions, recessions, inflation, deflation, exchange rates, interest rates, taxation policies, availability of credit, employment levels, wage and salary levels, and uncertainty from the expected discontinuance of libor and the transition to any other interest rate benchmark. negative general economic conditions could adversely affect our business by reducing our revenues and profitability. if we experience greater cancellations or reductions of services and failures to timely pay, and we do not acquire new clients or sell new services to our existing clients, our revenues may decline and our financial position would be adversely affected. adverse national and global economic events, as well as any significant terrorist attack, are likely to have a dampening effect on the economy in general, which could negatively affect our financial performance and our stock price. further actions or inactions of the u.s. or other major national governments, including "brexit", may also impact economic conditions, which could result in financial market disruptions or an economic downtown. market disruptions may also contribute to extreme price and volume fluctuations in the stock market that may affect our stock price for reasons unrelated to our operating performance. in addition, a significant increase in inflation could increase our expenses more rapidly than expected, the effect of which may not be offset by corresponding increases in revenue. conversely, deflation resulting in a decline of prices could reduce our revenues. in the current economic environment, it is difficult to predict whether we will experience significant inflation or deflation in the near future. a significant increase in either could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. see the risk factor below titled "the economic effects of "brexit" may affect relationships with existing and future customers and could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results" for further discussion of risks related to brexit.
if we are unable to hire qualified persons for, or retain and continue to develop, our sales force, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenues could be adversely affected. in order to support revenues and future revenue growth, we need to continue to develop, train and retain our sales force. our ability to build and develop a strong sales force may be affected by a number of factors, including: our ability to attract, integrate and motivate sales personnel; our ability to effectively train our sales force; the ability of our sales force to sell an increased number and different types of services; our ability to manage effectively an outbound telesales group; the length of time it takes new sales personnel to become productive; the competition we face from other companies in hiring and retaining sales personnel; our ability to effectively structure our sales force; and our ability to effectively manage a multi-location sales organization, including field sales personnel. if we are unable to hire qualified sales personnel and develop and retain the members of our sales force, including sales force management, or if our sales force is unproductive, our revenues or growth rate could decline and our expenses could increase.
we may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors in attracting advertisers, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. we compete to attract advertisers. our competition for advertisers may have significant brand recognition as well as greater numbers of direct sales personnel than we have and may generate more web traffic than we do, which may provide a competitive advantage. to compete successfully for advertisers against future and existing competitors, we must continue to invest resources in developing our advertising platform and proving the effectiveness and relevance of our advertising services. pressure from competitors seeking to acquire a greater share of our advertisers' overall marketing budget could adversely affect our pricing and margins, lower our revenue, and increase our research and development and marketing expenses. if we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or future competitors, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
we may be unable to increase awareness of our brands, including costar, loopnet, apartments.com, bizbuysell and landsofamerica, which could adversely affect our business. we rely heavily on our brands, which we believe are key assets of our company. awareness and differentiation of our brands are important for attracting and expanding the number of users of, and subscribers to, our online marketplaces, such as loopnet, the apartments.com network of rental websites, costar showcase, and the land.com network of rural lands for-sale. we expect to increase our investments in sales and marketing in 2020 as we seek to grow the numbers of subscribers to, and advertisers on, our marketplaces. our methods of advertising may not be successful in increasing brand awareness or, ultimately, be cost-effective. if we are unable to maintain or enhance user and advertiser awareness of our brands, or if we are unable to recover our marketing and advertising costs through increased usage of our services and increased advertising on our websites, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our internal and external investments may place downward pressure on our operating margins. we continue to invest in our business, including internal investments in product development to expand the breadth and depth of services we provide to our customers and external investments in sales and marketing to generate brand awareness. our investment strategy is intended to increase our revenue growth in the future. our operating margins may experience downward pressure in the short term as a result of these investments. furthermore, our investments may not have their intended effect or produce the expected results. in addition, our external investments, such as capitalized commissions, may lose value and we may incur impairment charges with respect to such investments. such impairment charges may negatively impact our profitability. if we are unable to successfully execute our investment strategy or if we fail to adequately anticipate and address potential problems, we may experience decreases in our revenues and operating margins.
we rely on internet search engines to drive traffic to our websites. if internet search engines do not prominently feature our websites on the search engine results page, traffic to our websites would decrease and our business could be adversely affected. google, bing, duckduckgo and other internet search engines drive traffic to our websites, including costar.com, the apartments.com network of rental websites, the loopnet.com network of commercial real estate websites, the bizbuysell.com network of business for-sale websites and the land.com network of land for-sale websites. for example, when a user enters in a search query for an apartment building name or address into an internet search engine, the internet search engine's ranking of our apartments.com webpages will determine how prominently such webpages are displayed on the search engine results page. our ability to maintain prominent search result rankings and positioning is not entirely within our control. our competitors' search engine optimization (seo) and search engine marketing (sem) efforts may result in webpages from their websites receiving higher rankings than the webpages from our websites. internet search engines could revise their algorithms and methodologies in ways that would adversely affect our search result rankings. internet search engine providers could form partnerships or enter into other business relationships with our competitors resulting in competitors' sites receiving higher search result rankings. internet search engines are increasingly placing alternative search features (such as featured snippets, local map results and other immersive experiences) on the search engine results page above or more prominently than search engine results. if our search result rankings are not prominently displayed, traffic to our websites may decline which could slow the growth of our user base. our websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations will occur in the future. if we experience a material reduction in the number of users directed to our websites through internet search engines, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
competition could render our services uncompetitive and reduce our profitability. the markets for information systems and services and for online marketplaces in general are highly competitive and rapidly changing. competition in these markets may increase further if economic conditions or other circumstances cause customer bases and customer spending to decrease and service providers to compete for fewer customer resources. our existing competitors, or future competitors, may have greater name recognition, larger customer bases, better technology or data, lower prices, easier access to data, greater user traffic or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we have. our competitors may be able to undertake more effective marketing campaigns, obtain more data, adopt more aggressive pricing policies, make more attractive offers to potential employees, subscribers, advertisers, distribution partners and content providers or may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in user requirements. if we are unable to retain customers or obtain new customers, our revenues could decline. increased competition could result in lower revenues and higher expenses, which would reduce our profitability.
if we are unable to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. our ability to generate revenues from our marketplace businesses depends, in part, on our ability to attract users to our websites. if we fail to maintain or increase traffic to our marketplaces, our ability to acquire additional subscribers or advertisers and deliver leads to and retain existing subscribers and advertisers could be adversely affected. our marketing expenses may increase in connection with our efforts to maintain or increase traffic to our websites. our efforts to maintain or generate additional traffic to our marketplaces may not be successful. even if we are able to attract additional users, increases in our operating expenses could negatively impact our operating results if we are unable to generate more revenues through increased sales of subscriptions to our marketplace products. we face competition to attract users to our marketplace websites. our existing and potential competitors include companies that could devote greater technical and other resources than we have available to provide services that users might view as superior to our offerings. any of our future or existing competitors may introduce different solutions that attract users away from our services or provide solutions similar to our own that have the advantage of better branding or marketing resources. if we are unable to increase traffic to our marketplaces, or if we are unable to generate enough additional revenues to offset increases in expenses related to increasing traffic to our marketplaces, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
if real estate professionals or other advertisers reduce or cancel their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our operating results would be harmed. our marketplace businesses, including loopnet, the apartments.com network of rental websites, and the land.com network of rural lands for-sale, depend on advertising revenues generated primarily through sales to persons in the real estate industry, including property managers and owners and other advertisers. our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately to generate advertising revenue, depends on a number of factors, including:
•   increasing the number of unique visitors to, and users of, our websites and mobile applications;
•   the quantity and quality of the leads that we provide to our advertisers;
•   the success of any marketing and product development efforts directed at attracting additional users and advertisers to our marketplaces;
•   keeping pace with changes in technology and with our competitors; and
•   offering an attractive return on investment to our advertisers for their advertising dollars spent with us.
further, with respect to the apartments.com network of rental websites, our ability to attract and retain advertisers also depends on the current apartment rental market and apartment vacancy rates. if vacancy rates are too high or too low, advertisers may not need to utilize our marketplace services.
many of the advertisers who advertise on our marketplaces do not have long-term contracts. these advertisers could choose to modify or discontinue their relationships with us with little or no advance notice. in addition, as existing subscriptions for advertising expire, we may not be successful in renewing these subscriptions or securing new subscriptions. we may not succeed in retaining existing advertisers' spending or capturing a greater share of such spending if we are unable to convince advertisers of the effectiveness of our services as compared to alternatives. in addition, future changes to our pricing methodology for advertising services may cause advertisers to reduce or discontinue their advertising with us. if current advertisers reduce or end their advertising spending with us and we are unable to attract new advertisers, our advertising revenues and business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we are not able to successfully identify, finance, integrate and/or manage costs related to acquisitions, our business operations and financial position could be adversely affected. we have expanded our markets and services in part through acquisitions of complementary businesses, services, databases and technologies, and expect to continue to do so in the future. our strategy to acquire complementary companies or assets depends on our ability to identify, and the availability of, suitable acquisition candidates. we are likely to incur costs in connection with proposed acquisitions, but may ultimately be unable or unwilling to consummate any particular proposed transaction for various reasons. in addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks, including risks that we will not be able to realize or capitalize on synergies created through combinations; manage the integration of personnel and products or services; manage the integration of acquired infrastructure and controls; control potential increases in operating costs; manage geographically remote operations; maintain management's attention on other business concerns and avoid potential disruptions in ongoing operations during an acquisition process or integration efforts; successfully enter markets and sectors in which we have either limited or no direct experience, including foreign markets whose practices, regulations or laws may pose increased risk; and retain key employees, clients or vendors and other business partners of the acquired companies. we may not successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets and may not achieve anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including expected synergies.  for example, we may be unable to close the rentpath acquisition when or as expected and we may be unable to fully integrate str with costar when and as expected.
we often incur severance costs and other integration costs post-acquisition, such as it integration expenses and costs related to the renegotiation of redundant vendor agreements. costs in connection with acquisitions and integrations may be higher than expected, and we may also incur unanticipated acquisition-related costs. these costs could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation or prospects of the combined business.
external factors, such as compliance with laws and regulations, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful integration of an acquired business.  an acquired business could strain our system of internal controls and diminish its effectiveness, including as a result of unsuccessful integration or because integration with our existing systems puts additional stress on our core infrastructure. acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, one-time write-offs of goodwill and substantial amortization expenses of other intangible assets. we may be unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, if necessary to finance future acquisitions, making it impossible or more costly to complete future acquisitions. if we are able to obtain financing, the terms may be onerous and restrict our operations. further, certain acquisitions may be subject to regulatory approval, which can be time consuming and costly to obtain or may be denied.  if regulatory approval is obtained, the terms of any such approval may impose limitations on our ongoing operations or require us to divest assets or lines of business.
if regulatory approval is denied, we may incur significant, additional costs payable to an acquisition target as a result of failure to close the transaction.
our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy laws and standards could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we depend on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate between our locations around the world and with our clients and vendors. we collect, use and disclose personally identifiable information, including among other things names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses. we collect, store and use biometric data and sensitive or confidential transaction and account information. in addition, we collect personal information from tenants and landlords, including social security numbers, state or federally issued identification numbers, dates of birth, financial information and documents, employment information, background checks and credit scores, to facilitate the apartment rental application and payment process between a renter and property manager. as a result, we are subject to a variety of state, national, and international laws and regulations that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data, including the fair credit reporting act, the general data protection regulation (gdpr) and california consumer privacy act (ccpa). laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection are evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations. for example, in 2016, the eu formally adopted the gdpr, which was implemented in all eu member states effective may 25, 2018 and replaced the eu data protection directive. the gdpr introduced new data protection requirements in the eu and imposes substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules. the gdpr increased our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process. we continue to assess our compliance with gdpr in light of guidance from data protection authorities, evolving best practices and evolving regulations and we may need to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the new eu data protection rules. the ccpa, which became effective on january 1, 2020, expands the rights of california residents to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. the ccpa also provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. any failure to comply with the rules arising from the gdpr and related national laws of eu member states, ccpa and other privacy or data protection laws adopted by other jurisdictions, could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. compliance with any of the foregoing laws and regulations can be costly, can delay or impede the development of new products, and may require us to change the way we operate. we may incur substantial fines if we violate any laws or regulations relating to the collection or use of personal information.
our actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable privacy or data security laws, regulations and policies, or to protect personal data, could result in enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, which could result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, subject us to claims or other remedies and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
because the interpretation and application of many privacy and data protection laws are uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our products. if so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims and penalties, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products, which could harm our business.
we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the united states and other jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. our policies concerning the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information are described on our websites. we could be subject to legal claims, government action, harm to our reputation or incur significant remediation costs if we experience a security breach or our practices fail, or are seen as failing, to comply with our policies or with applicable laws concerning personally identifiable information.
concern regarding our use of the personal information collected on our websites or collected when performing our services could keep prospective customers from subscribing to our services. industry-wide incidents or incidents with respect to our websites, including misappropriation of third-party information, security breaches or changes in industry standards, regulations or laws, could deter people from using the internet or our websites to conduct transactions that involve the transmission of confidential information, which could harm our business.
cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition. as stated above, our business involves the collection, storage, processing and transmission of customers' personal data. we also collect, store and process employee personal data. an increasing number of organizations, including large merchants, businesses, technology companies and financial institutions, as well as government institutions, have disclosed breaches of their information security systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks, including on their websites, mobile applications, and infrastructure.
the techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper or illegal access to a target's systems, data or customers' data, disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and have become increasingly complex and sophisticated, may be difficult to detect quickly and often are not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. we expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through various means, including hacking into our systems or facilities or those of our customers or vendors, or attempting to fraudulently induce (for example, through spear phishing attacks or social engineering) our employees, customers, vendors or other users of our systems into disclosing user names, passwords, or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems. numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced and persisting cyberattacks, phishing and social engineering schemes, could compromise the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the data in our systems. our cybersecurity programs and efforts to protect our systems and data, and to prevent, detect and respond to data security incidents, may not prevent these threats or provide security. further, the security measures and procedures our customers, vendors and other users of our systems have in place to protect sensitive consumer data and other information may not be successful or sufficient to counter all data breaches, cyberattacks or system failures.
our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyberattacks or security breaches, and third parties may be able to access our customers' or employees' personal or proprietary information that is stored on or accessible through those systems. we have experienced from time to time, and may experience in the future, breaches of our security measures due to human error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities or other irregularities. actual or perceived breaches of our security could, among other things:
•interrupt our operations,
•result in our systems or services being unavailable,
•result in improper disclosures of data,
•materially harm our reputation and brands,
•result in significant regulatory scrutiny and legal and financial exposure,
•cause us to incur significant remediation costs,
•lead to loss of customer confidence in, or decreased use of, our products and services,
•divert the attention of management from the operation of our business,
•result in significant contractual penalties or other payments as a result of third-party losses or claims, and
•adversely affect our business and result of operations.
in addition, any cyberattacks or data security breaches affecting companies that we acquire or our customers or vendors (including data center and cloud computing providers) could have similar negative effects on our business. the coverage under our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches.
we are subject to a number of risks related to acceptance of credit cards and debit cards for customer payments. we accept payments for our services through credit and debit card transactions. for credit and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. an increase in those fees may require us to increase the prices we charge and would increase our cost of revenues, either of which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we depend on processing vendors to complete credit and debit card transactions. if we or our processing vendors fail to maintain adequate systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions, it could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their payment products. we could lose customers if we are not able to continue to use payment products of the major credit card companies. in addition, if the systems for the authorization and processing of credit card transactions fail to work properly and, as a result, we do not charge our customers' credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, revenue, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed.
we are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted in ways that make it more difficult for us to comply. we are required to comply with payment card industry security standards. failing to comply with those standards may violate payment card association operating rules, federal and state laws and regulations, and the terms of our contracts with payment processors. any failure to comply also may subject us to fines, penalties, damages and civil liability, and may result in the loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments. further, there is no guarantee that such compliance will prevent illegal or improper use of our payment systems or the theft, loss, or misuse of data pertaining to credit and debit cards, cardholders and transactions. if we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures and significantly higher credit card-related costs, each of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate or refund rates at acceptable levels, our processing vendors may increase our transaction fees or terminate their relationships with us. any increases in our credit and debit card fees could harm our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our rates for our services to offset the increase. the termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit card would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.
technical problems or disruptions that affect either our customers' ability to access our services, or the software, internal applications, database and network systems underlying our services, could damage our reputation and brands and lead to reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services, lower revenues and increased costs. our business, brands and reputation depend upon the satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our websites, the internet and our service providers. interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, software errors, physical or electronic break-ins, or malicious hacks or attacks on our systems (such as denial of service attacks), could affect the security and availability of our services on our mobile applications and our websites and prevent or inhibit the ability of users to access our services. our operations also depend on our ability to protect our databases, computers and software, telecommunications equipment and facilities against damage from potential dangers such as fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, computer viruses, earthquakes and similar events. our users rely on our services when conducting their own businesses. disruptions in, or reductions in ability to access, our services for whatever reason could damage our users' businesses, harm our reputation, result in additional costs or result in reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services, any of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, the software, internal applications and systems underlying our services are complex and may not be error-free. our careful development and testing may not be sufficient to ensure that we will not encounter technical problems when we attempt to enhance our software, internal applications and systems. any inefficiencies, errors or technical problems with our software, internal applications and systems could reduce the quality of our services or interfere with our customers' access to our information, analytics and online marketplaces, which could reduce the demand for our services, lower our revenues and increase our costs.
the majority of the communications, network and computer hardware used to operate our mobile applications and websites are located at facilities in virginia and california. we do not own or control the operation of certain of these facilities. our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, earthquakes and similar events. these risks may be increased with respect to operations housed at facilities we do not own or control. the occurrence of any of the foregoing events could result in damage to our systems and hardware or could cause them to fail completely, and our insurance may not cover such events or may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur.
a failure of our systems at any site could result in reduced functionality for our users, and a total failure of our systems could cause our mobile applications or websites to be inaccessible. problems faced or caused by our information technology service providers, including content distribution service providers, private network providers, internet providers and third-party web-hosting providers, or with the systems by which they allocate capacity among their customers (as applicable), could adversely affect the experience of our users. any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy reorganization, faced by these third-party service providers or any of the service providers with whom they contract may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. if our third-party service providers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, our business could be harmed. in addition, if distribution channels for our mobile applications experience disruptions, such disruptions could adversely affect the ability of users and potential users to access or update our mobile applications, which could harm our business.
our business interruption insurance may not cover certain events or may be insufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business, which may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures or malicious attacks. any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our services could harm our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are not able to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive or reliable data, we could experience reduced demand for our information, analytics and online marketplace services. our success depends on our clients' confidence in the comprehensiveness, accuracy and reliability of the data and analysis we provide. the task of establishing and maintaining accurate and reliable data and analysis is challenging. if our data, including the data we obtain from third parties or directly from brokers through the marketing center feature on costar and loopnet, or analysis is not current, accurate, comprehensive or reliable, we could experience reduced demand for our services or legal claims by our customers, which could result in lower revenues and higher expenses.
market volatility may have an adverse effect on our stock price. the trading price of our common stock has fluctuated widely in the past, and we expect that it will continue to fluctuate in the future. the price could fluctuate widely based on numerous factors, including: economic factors or conditions; quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating results; changes in analysts' estimates of our earnings; announcements by us or our competitors of technological innovations, new services, or other significant or strategic information; general conditions in the commercial real estate industry; general conditions of local, national or global economies; developments or disputes concerning copyrights or proprietary rights or other legal proceedings; and regulatory developments. in addition, the stock market in general, and the shares of internet-related and other technology companies in particular, have historically experienced extreme price fluctuations. this volatility has had a substantial effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies and may have the same effect on the market price of our common stock.
if we are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of intellectual property, our business, brands, competitive position and operating results could be harmed. the success of our business depends in large part on our intellectual property, including intellectual property involved in our methodologies, database, services and software. we rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, patent, copyright and other laws, nondisclosure and noncompetition provisions, license agreements and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights. however, current law may not provide for adequate protection of our databases and the actual data. in addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of proprietary rights in internet-related businesses are uncertain and evolving, and changes in these standards may adversely impact the viability or value of our proprietary rights. we find our proprietary content on competitors' sites. if we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property, including our content, our brands and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. the same would be true if a court found that our services infringe other persons' intellectual property rights. any intellectual property lawsuits or threatened lawsuits in which we are involved, either as a plaintiff or as a defendant, could cost us a significant amount of time and money and distract management's attention from operating our business. in addition, if we do not prevail on an intellectual property claim, this could result in a change to our methodology or information, analytics and online marketplace services and could reduce our profitability.
effective trademark, trade secret, patent, and copyright protection may not be available in every country in which our services may be provided. the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states and, therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could harm our competitive position.
we seek to enforce our rights against people and entities that infringe our intellectual property, including through legal action. taking such action may be costly, and we cannot ensure that such actions will be successful. any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive for us to do business and harm our results of operations or financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully halt the operation of websites that aggregate our data, as well as data from other companies, such as copycat websites that may misappropriate our data. third parties may misappropriate our data through website scraping, robots or other means and aggregate this data on their websites with data from other companies. in addition, "copycat" websites may misappropriate data on our website and attempt to imitate our brands or the functionality of our website. we may not be able to detect all such websites in a timely manner and, even if we could, technological and legal measures may be insufficient to stop their operations. in some cases, particularly in the case of websites operating outside of the u.s., our available remedies may not be adequate to protect us against the misappropriation of our data. regardless of whether we can successfully enforce our rights against the operators of these websites, any measures that we may take could require us to expend significant financial or other resources.
third party claims, litigation or government investigations to which we are subject or in which we become involved, regardless of their merit, may significantly increase our expenses and adversely affect our stock price. we could be subject to third party claims, lawsuits, or government investigations into whether our business practices comport with applicable law, including antitrust law. regardless of the merit of such claims or investigations, defending against them could cost us a significant amount of time and money, result in negative publicity, and/or adversely affect our stock price. in addition, if any claims are decided against us or if a settlement requires us to pay a large monetary amount or take other action that materially restricts or impedes our operations, our profitability could be significantly reduced and our financial position could be adversely affected.
we may be subject to legal liability for collecting, displaying or distributing information. because the content in our database is collected from various sources and distributed to others, we may be subject to claims for breach of contract, defamation, negligence, unfair competition or copyright or trademark infringement or claims based on other theories. we could also be subject to claims based upon the content that is accessible from our website through links to other websites or information on our website supplied by third parties. we could also be subject to claims that the collection or provision of certain information breached laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection. even if these claims do not result in liability to us, we could incur significant costs in investigating and defending against any claims and we could be subject to public notice requirements that may affect our reputation in the marketplace. our potential liability for information distributed by us to others could require us to implement measures to reduce our exposure to such liability, which may require us to expend substantial resources and limit the attractiveness of our information, analytics and online marketplaces to users.
our business depends on retaining and attracting highly capable management and operating personnel. our success depends in large part on our ability to retain and attract management and operating personnel, including our president and chief executive officer, andrew florance, and our other officers and key employees. our business requires highly skilled technical, sales, management, web product and development, marketing and research personnel, who are in high demand and are often subject to competing offers. to retain and attract key personnel, we use various measures, including employment agreements, awards under a stock incentive plan and incentive bonuses for key employees. these measures may not be enough to retain and attract the personnel we need or to offset the impact on our business of the loss of the services of mr. florance or other key officers or employees.
an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth. goodwill and identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested annually by each reporting unit on october 1 of each year for impairment and are tested for impairment more frequently based upon the existence of one or more indicators. we assess the impairment of long-lived assets, identifiable intangibles and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. judgments made by management relate to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows of the carrying amounts of such assets. the accuracy of these judgments may be adversely affected by several factors, including the factors listed below:
•   significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results;
•   significant changes in the manner of our use of acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business;
•   significant negative industry or economic trends; or
•   significant decline in our market capitalization relative to net book value for a sustained period.
these types of events or indicators and the resulting impairment analysis could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future, which would reduce our profitability. impairment charges could negatively affect our financial results in the periods of such charges, which may reduce our profitability. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $1.9 billion of goodwill, including approximately $1.7 billion in our north america operating segment and approximately $144 million in our international operating segment.
if we are unable to obtain or retain listings from commercial real estate brokers, agents, property owners and apartment property managers, our commercial real estate ("cre") marketplace services, including but not limited to the loopnet.com network of commercial real estate websites, the apartments.com network of rental websites, and the land.com network of land for-sale websites, could be less attractive to current or potential customers, which could reduce our revenues. the value of our cre marketplace services to our customers depends on our ability to increase the number of property listings provided and searches conducted. the success of our cre marketplace services depends substantially on the number of property listings submitted by brokers, agents, property owners and, in the case of apartment rentals, property managers. this is because an increase in the number of listings increases the utility of the online service and of its associated search, listing and marketing services. if agents marketing large numbers of property listings, such as large brokers in key real estate markets, choose not to continue their listings with us, or choose to list them with a competitor, our cre marketplace services could be less attractive to other real estate industry transaction participants, resulting in reduced revenue. similarly, the value and utility of our other marketplaces, including the bizbuysell.com network of business for-sale websites, are also dependent on attracting and retaining listings.
if we are unable to convince commercial real estate professionals that our cre marketplace services are superior to traditional methods of listing, searching and marketing commercial real estate, they could choose not to use those services, which could reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. the primary source of new customers for our cre marketplace services is participants in the commercial real estate community. many commercial real estate professionals are accustomed to listing, searching and marketing real estate in traditional and off-line ways, such as by distributing print brochures, sharing written lists, placing signs on properties, word-of-mouth and newspaper advertisements. commercial real estate and investment professionals may prefer to continue to use traditional methods or may be slow to adopt and accept our online products and services. if we are not able to persuade commercial real estate participants of the efficacy of our online products and services, they may choose not to use our cre marketplace services, which could negatively impact our business. similarly, if we are unable to convince the business and investment community to utilize our online business for-sale marketplaces rather than traditional methods of listing and marketing businesses for-sale, our revenues could be negatively affected.
if we are unable to increase our revenues or our operating costs are higher than expected, our profitability may decline and our operating results may fluctuate significantly. we may not be able to accurately forecast our revenues or future revenue growth rate. many of our expenses, particularly personnel costs and occupancy costs, are relatively fixed. as a result, we may not be able to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any unexpected increase in expenses or revenue shortfall. we may experience higher than expected operating costs, including increased personnel costs, occupancy costs, selling and marketing costs, investments in geographic expansion, acquisition costs, communications costs, travel costs, software development costs, professional fees and other costs. if operating costs exceed our expectations and cannot be adjusted accordingly, our profitability may be reduced and our results of operations and financial position will be adversely affected. additionally, we may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rates, and our percentage revenue growth rates may decline. our ability to increase our revenues and operating profit will depend on increased demand for our services. our sales are affected by, among other things, general economic and commercial real estate conditions. reduced demand, whether due to changes in customer preference, a weakening of the u.s. or global economy, competition or other reasons, may result in decreased revenues and growth, adversely affecting our operating results.
our current or future geographic expansion plans may not result in increased revenues, which may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial position. expanding into new markets and investing resources towards increasing the depth of our coverage within existing markets impose additional burdens on our research, systems development, sales, marketing and general managerial resources. if we are unable to manage our expansion efforts effectively, if our expansion efforts take longer than planned or if our costs for these efforts exceed our expectations, our financial position could be adversely affected. in addition, if we incur significant costs to improve data quality within existing markets, or are not successful in marketing and selling our services in these markets or in new markets, our expansion may have a material adverse effect on our financial position by increasing our expenses without increasing our revenues, adversely affecting our profitability.
international operations expose us to additional business risks, which may reduce our profitability. our international operations and expansion subject us to additional business risks, including: currency exchange rate fluctuations; adapting to the differing business practices and laws in foreign countries; including differing laws regarding privacy and data protection; difficulties in managing foreign operations; limited protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods; costs of enforcing contractual obligations; impact of recessions in economies outside the u.s.; and potentially adverse tax consequences. in addition, international expansion imposes additional burdens on our executive and administrative personnel, systems development, research and sales departments, and general managerial resources. if we are not able to manage our international operations successfully, we may incur higher expenses and our profitability may be reduced. finally, the investment required for additional international expansion sometimes exceeds the profit generated from such expansion, which reduces our profitability and may adversely affect our financial position.
fluctuating foreign currencies may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial position. due to our international acquisitions and expansion efforts, a portion of our business is denominated in foreign currencies. as a result, fluctuations in foreign currencies may have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. foreign currency exchange rates have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our international revenue, which in turn affects our consolidated revenue. currencies may be affected by internal factors, general economic conditions and external developments in other countries, all of which can have an adverse impact on a country's currency. currently, we are not party to any hedging transactions intended to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. we may seek to enter into hedging transactions in the future, but we may be unable to enter into these transactions successfully, on acceptable terms or at all. we cannot predict whether we will incur foreign exchange losses in the future. further, significant foreign exchange fluctuations resulting in a decline in the respective local currency may decrease the value of our foreign assets, as well as decrease our revenues and earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
the economic effects of "brexit" may affect relationships with existing and future customers and could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results. on june 23, 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which british citizens approved an exit from the european union ("e.u."), commonly referred to as "brexit." on january 31, 2020, the u.k. officially withdrew from the e.u, beginning a transition period of negotiations between the british government and the e.u. and other governments. uncertainty regarding the u.k.'s withdrawal from the e.u. could cause political and economic uncertainty in the u.k. and the rest of europe, which could harm our business and financial results. in particular, brexit could result in significant volatility in global equity markets, currency exchange rates and other asset prices, including those related to real property. the impact to us from brexit will depend, in part, on the outcome of tariff, trade, regulatory and other negotiations, the results of which are currently uncertain. this impact may affect not only our u.k. operations but operations in other parts of the e.u. any transitional or permanent agreements resulting from such negotiations could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and the tax jurisdictions in which we operate.
a potential devaluation of the local currencies of our international customers relative to the u.s. dollar may impair the purchasing power of our international customers and could cause international customers to decrease or cancel orders, or terminate or fail to renew subscriptions for our services. we translate sales and other results denominated in foreign currency into u.s. dollars for our financial statements. during periods of a strengthening u.s. dollar, our reported international sales and earnings could be reduced because foreign currencies may translate into fewer u.s. dollars. resulting asset price volatility that could follow the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. may create global economic uncertainty, which may cause our customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending budgets on our products and services. in addition, brexit is likely to lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k determines which e.u. laws to replace or replicate, and those laws and regulations may be cumbersome, difficult or costly in terms of compliance. further, brexit may lead other e.u. member countries to consider referendums regarding their e.u. membership. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
changes in laws, regulations or fiscal and tax policies or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could adversely impact our financial performance. new laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business. for example, in december 2017, the united states enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), and various provisions of the new law may adversely affect us. certain aspects of tax reform are unclear and may not be clarified for some time. during 2018, the department of the treasury issued certain guidance in the form of notices and proposed regulations with respect to several provisions of the new legislation. we expect that additional regulations or other guidance may be issued with respect to the tax act in subsequent years. we continue to examine the impact this tax reform legislation may have on our business. in addition, if federal, state, local or foreign tax authorities change applicable tax laws or issue new guidance, including in response to the tax act, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
our indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our costs. the 2017 credit agreement provides for a $750 million revolving credit facility with a term of five years from a syndicate of financial institutions as lenders and issuing banks. the 2017 credit agreement contains customary restrictive covenants imposing operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in acts that we believe may be in our long-term best interests. these covenants restrict our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things, (i) incur additional indebtedness, (ii) create, incur, assume or permit to exist any liens, (iii) enter into mergers, consolidations or similar transactions, (iv) make investments and acquisitions, (v) make certain dispositions of assets, (vi) make dividends, distributions and prepayments of certain indebtedness and (vii) enter into certain transactions with affiliates.
the operating restrictions and financial covenants in the 2017 credit agreement and any future financing agreements may limit our ability to finance future operations or capital needs, to engage in other business activities or to respond to changes in market conditions. our ability to comply with any financial covenants could be affected materially by events beyond our control, and we may be unable to satisfy any such requirements. if we fail to comply with these covenants, we may need to seek waivers or amendments of such covenants, seek alternative or additional sources of financing or reduce our expenditures. we may be unable to obtain such waivers, amendments or alternative or additional financing on a timely basis or at all, or on favorable terms.
we are required to make periodic principal and interest payments pursuant to the terms of the 2017 credit agreement. if an event of default occurs, the interest rate on any overdue amounts will increase and the lenders under the 2017 credit agreement may declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable and may exercise remedies in respect of the collateral. we may not be able to repay all amounts due under the 2017 credit agreement in the event these amounts are declared due upon an event of default.
negative conditions in the global credit markets may affect the liquidity of a portion of our long-term investments.  currently, our long-term investments include mostly aaa-rated auction rate securities ("ars"), which are primarily student loan securities supported by guarantees from the federal family education loan program ("ffelp") of the u.s. department of education. continuing negative conditions in the global credit markets have prevented some investors from liquidating their holdings of auction rate securities because the amount of securities submitted for-sale has exceeded the amount of purchase orders for such securities. as of december 31, 2019, we held $11 million par value of ars, all of which failed to settle at auctions. when an auction fails for ars in which we have invested, we may be unable to liquidate some or all of these securities at par. in the event we need or desire to immediately access these funds, we will not be able to do so until a future auction on these investments is successful, a buyer is found outside the auction process or an alternative action is determined. if a buyer is found but is unwilling to purchase the investments at par, we may incur a loss, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position.
our operating results and revenues are subject to fluctuations and our quarterly financial results may be subject to market cyclicality, each of which could cause our stock price to be negatively affected. the commercial real estate market may be influenced by general economic conditions, economic cycles, annual seasonality factors and many other factors, which in turn may impact our financial results. the market is large and fragmented. the different sectors of the industry, such as office, industrial, retail, multifamily, and others, are influenced differently by different factors, and have historically moved through economic cycles with different timing. as such, it is difficult to estimate the potential impact of economic cycles and conditions or seasonality from year-to-year on our overall operating results. we generally see higher sales of apartments.com listing services during the peak summer rental season and higher costar suite sales towards the end of the year, however sales fluctuate from year-to-year. in addition, we generally incur greater marketing expenses during the second quarter, which coincides with the peak season for apartment rentals. the timing of widely observed holidays and vacation periods, particularly slowdowns during the end-of-year holiday period, and availability of real estate agents and related service providers during these periods, could significantly affect our quarterly operating results during that period. if we are unable to adequately respond to economic, seasonal or cyclical conditions, our revenues, expenses and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. our operating results, revenues and expenses may fluctuate for many reasons, including those described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k:
•   rates of subscriber adoption and retention;
•   timing of our sales conference or significant marketing events;
•   a slow-down during the end-of-year holiday period;
•   changes in our pricing strategy and timing of changes;
•   the timing and success of new service introductions and enhancements;
•   the shift of focus from, or phase out of services that overlap or are redundant with other services we offer;
•   the amount and timing of our operating expenses and capital expenditures;
•   our ability to control expenses;
•   the amount and timing of non-cash stock-based charges;
•   costs related to acquisitions of businesses or technologies or impairment charges associated with such investments and acquisitions;
•   competition;
•   changes or consolidation in the real estate industry;
•   our investments in geographic expansion and to increase coverage in existing markets;
•   interest rate fluctuations;
•   successful execution of our expansion and integration plans;
•   the development of our sales force;
•   foreign currency and exchange rate fluctuations;
•   inflation; and
•   changes in client budgets.
these fluctuations could negatively affect our results of operations during the period in question and/or future periods or cause our stock price to decline. in addition, changes in accounting policies or practices may affect our level of net income. fluctuations in our financial results, revenues and expenses may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
the consent order approved by the federal trade commission in connection with the loopnet merger imposes conditions that could have an adverse effect on us and our business, and failure to comply with the terms of the consent order may result in adverse consequences for the combined company. on april 26, 2012, the ftc accepted the consent order in connection with the loopnet merger that was previously agreed to among the ftc staff, costar, and loopnet on april 17, 2012. the consent order was subject to a 30-day public comment period, and on august 29, 2012, the ftc issued its final acceptance of the consent order.
the consent order, which is publicly available on the ftc's website at http://www.ftc.gov/, requires us to maintain certain business practices that the ftc believes are pro-competitive. for example, the consent order requires us to license our products to customers who have bought its competitors' products on a non-discriminatory basis. in addition, we are required to provide the ftc with advance written notification of certain acquisitions for which notification would not otherwise be required under the hart-scott-rodino premerger notification act. this provision of the consent order requiring costar to provide the ftc with advance written notification of certain acquisitions could prevent us from closing certain acquisitions or add significant time and cost to these potential acquisitions, ultimately making an acquisition prohibitive or preventing us from realizing anticipated benefits of an acquisition. in the event that we fail or are unable to comply with the terms of the consent order, we could be subject to an enforcement proceeding that could result in substantial fines and/or injunctive relief.
changes in accounting and reporting policies or practices may affect our financial results or presentation of results, which may affect our stock price. changes in accounting and reporting policies or practices could reduce our net income, which reductions may be independent of changes in our operations. these reductions in reported net income could cause our stock price to decline.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains "forward-looking statements," including statements about our beliefs and expectations. there are many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. potential factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those stated above in item 1a. under the headings "risk factors - cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" and "risk factors," as well as those described from time to time in our filings with the securities and exchange commission.
all forward-looking statements are based on information available to us on the date of this filing and we assume no obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our quarterly reports on form 10-q, current reports on form 8-k and other filings with the securities and exchange commission and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview our principal information, analytics and online marketplace services are described in the following paragraphs by type of service:
information and analytics costar suite®. our subscription-based information services consist primarily of costar suite services. costar suite is sold as a platform of service offerings consisting of costar property®, costar comps®, costar market analytics, costar tenant®, costar lease comps and costar public record through our mobile applications. our integrated suite of online service offerings includes information about space available for-lease, comparable sales information, information about properties for-sale, tenant information, internet marketing services, analytical capabilities, information for clients' websites, information about industry professionals and their business relationships, and industry news. our sales force is responsible for selling multiple product lines, including costar suite and loopnet.  during 2020, we plan to shift the focus of our sales force to sales of loopnet signature ads.  as a result, we anticipate costar suite revenue growth will moderate during the year.
information services. we provide real estate and lease management solutions, including lease administration and abstraction services, through our costar real estate manager® service offerings, as well as portfolio and debt analysis, management and reporting capabilities through our costar investment analysis and costar risk analytics® service offerings. we provide information services internationally, through our grecam, belbex and thomas daily businesses in france, spain and germany, respectively. sales of costar real estate manager represent a significant portion of our information services revenue. costar real estate manager's revenue growth rates increased significantly in 2018 as new clients adopted, and existing clients expanded their use of, costar real estate manager to manage compliance with new lease accounting and reporting requirements which became effective for public companies for financial reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2018. as a result, we expect the growth rate for costar real estate manager to normalize as the initial surge of the demand has eased. on october 22, 2019, we acquired str and we now also provide str's complementary benchmarking and analytics services to the hospitality industry. we expect that the acquisition of str and the combination of str's and costar's offerings will allow us to create valuable new and improved tools for industry participants. see note 4 to the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of the acquisition of str.
online marketplaces multifamily. apartments.comtm is part of our network of apartment marketing sites, which primarily includes apartmentfinder®, forrent.com®, apartmenthomeliving.comtm, apartamentos.comtm, westside rentals and off campus partners, llc ("ocp"). our apartment marketing network of subscription-based services offers renters a searchable database of apartment listings and provides professional property management companies and landlords with an advertising destination. on february 21, 2018, we completed the acquisition of forrent, a division of dominion enterprises, including the forrent.com, after55.com, corporatehousing.com and forrentuniversity.com apartment marketing sites. on november 8, 2018, we acquired cozy services, ltd. ("cozy"), a provider of online rental solutions that provides a broad spectrum of services to both landlords and tenants, including property listings, rent estimates, rental applications, tenant screening, online rent payments and expense tracking. on june 12, 2019, we acquired ocp, a provider of student housing marketplace content and technology to u.s. universities. we expect the multifamily annual revenue growth rate to remain consistent with 2019 as we have fully integrated our forrent and cozy acquisitions into our service offerings. we continue to work on integrating the ocp acquisition and the services they offer into our apartments.com network. see note 4 to the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of these acquisitions.
commercial property and land. our loopnet.com network of commercial real estate websites offer subscription-based, online marketplace services that enable commercial property owners, landlords and real estate agents working on their behalf to list properties for-sale or for-lease and to submit detailed information about property listings. commercial real estate agents, buyers and tenants use the loopnet.com network of online marketplace services to search for available property listings that meet their criteria. as part of our rebuild and launch of the loopnet signature ads product, we rolled out new packages in the fourth quarter of 2019. as a result, the growth rate increased in the fourth quarter of 2019, and loopnet is expected to continue to grow in the subsequent periods. in addition, on october 12, 2018, we acquired all of the issued share capital of realla ltd. ("realla"), the operator of a commercial property listings and data management platform in the u.k., including a free-to-list search engine for commercial property listings. see note 4 to the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of the acquisition of realla. our bizbuysell.com network, which includes bizquest® and findafranchise, provides online marketplaces for businesses for-sale. our land.com network of sites, which provides online marketplaces for rural lands for-sale, includes landsofamerica, landandfarm and landwatch®.
for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 our annualized net new bookings of subscription-based services on all contracts were approximately $210 million, $169 million and $148 million, respectively, calculated based on the annualized amount of change in our sales resulting from all new subscription-based contracts or upsales on all existing subscription-based contracts, less write downs and cancellations, for the period reported. we recognize subscription revenues on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract. net bookings is considered a key indicator of future subscription revenue growth and is also used as a metric of salesforce productivity by management and investors.
for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, our contract renewal rate for existing costar subscription-based services on annual contracts was approximately 90%, 90% and 91% respectively, and, therefore, our cancellation rate for those services was approximately 10%, 10%, and 9%, respectively. our contract renewal rate is a quantitative measurement that is typically closely correlated with our revenue results. as a result, management also believes that the rate may be a reliable indicator of short-term and long-term performance. our trailing twelve-month contract renewal rate may decline if, among other reasons, negative economic conditions lead to greater business failures and/or consolidations among our clients, reductions in customer spending, or decreases in our customer base.
development, investments and expansion we are committed to supporting, improving and enhancing our information, analytics and online marketplace solutions, including expanding and improving our offerings for property owners, property managers and renters. we expect to continue our software development efforts to improve existing services, introduce new services, integrate and cross-sell services, and expand and develop supporting technologies for our research, sales and marketing organizations.
our key priorities for 2020 include:
•   continue to develop, improve and market our recently launched apartments.com service offerings that focus on the digital rental experience and enable renters to apply for-leases, and for landlords to run tenant credit and background checks and make rent payments, all online through a single platform. we plan to aggressively market our multifamily listing services in an effort to provide more value to advertisers and, in turn, to attract advertisers. as such, we plan to increase our investment in apartments.com marketing in 2020 by approximately $100 million, which may reduce our margins and profitability while we invest in future growth. the increased investment is focused on search engine marketing and enhanced brand awareness. we also plan to continue to invest in our multifamily business by increasing the size of our sales force with a focus on increasing sales to midsize and smaller apartment communities.
•   obtaining necessary bankruptcy court and regulatory approvals to close the pending acquisition of rentpath and integrating rentpath with the apartments.com network post-closing. on february 11, 2020, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company entered into an agreement to acquire for $588 million in cash all of the equity interests of rentpath holdings, inc., as reorganized following an internal restructuring pursuant to and under the joint chapter 11 plan of reorganization of rentpath and certain of its subsidiaries. closing of the acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under applicable antitrust laws and approval by the bankruptcy court. see note 19 to the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
•   continue to invest in the loopnet marketplace by enhancing the content on the site (including high-quality imagery), seeking targeted advertisements, providing premium listing services (such as loopnet signature ads) that increase a property listing's exposure, and adding more content for premium listings to better meet the needs of a broader cross section of the commercial real estate industry. additionally, we initiated training and incentive programs for our sales team to increase sales of loopnet signature ads, with a focus on property owners.
•   integrating recently completed acquisitions, including str, with costar's business operations. we plan to consolidate str data and services with costar suite to create an integrated platform. we plan to drive international expansion, in part, through str's global operations and to apply str's benchmarking expertise to other commercial real estate segments served by costar.
•   continue to invest in costar suite, including capabilities that allow us to broaden the reach of costar suite in europe by offering multiple languages and currencies on the platform. we plan to enhance costar suite by making additional investments in analytical capabilities focused on owners and lenders of commercial real estate. in addition, we plan to invest in integrating the technology and infrastructure from other existing service offerings into the costar suite platform, including costar real estate manager, in order to leverage data and technology across our platforms and provide customers with additional functionality.
we intend to continue to assess the need for additional investments in our business, in addition to the investments discussed above, in order to develop and distribute new services and functionality within our current platform or expand the reach of, or otherwise improve, our current service offerings. any future product development or expansion of services, combination and coordination of services or elimination of services or corporate expansion, development or restructuring efforts could reduce our profitability and increase our capital expenditures. any new investments, changes to our service offerings or other unforeseen events could cause us to experience reduced revenues or generate losses and negative cash flow from operations in the future. any development efforts must comply with our credit facility, which contains restrictive covenants that restrict our operations and use of our cash flow and may prevent us from taking certain actions that we believe could increase our profitability or otherwise enhance our business.
for further discussion of our company, strategy and products, see our business overview set forth in "item 1. business" in this annual report on form 10-k.
non-gaap financial measures we prepare and publicly release quarterly unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). we also disclose and discuss certain non-gaap financial measures in our public releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. the non-gaap financial measures that we may disclose include net income before interest and other income (expense), loss on debt extinguishment, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"), adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share. ebitda is our net income before interest and other income (expense), loss on debt extinguishment, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. we typically disclose ebitda on a consolidated and an operating segment basis in our earnings releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. adjusted ebitda is different from ebitda because we further adjust ebitda for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition- and integration-related costs for pending and completed acquisitions, restructuring costs and settlements and impairments incurred outside our ordinary course of business. non-gaap net income is determined by adjusting our net income for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition- and integration-related costs for pending and completed acquisitions, restructuring costs, settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business and loss on debt extinguishment, as well as amortization of acquired intangible assets and other related costs, and then subtracting an assumed provision for income taxes. we may disclose adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share on a consolidated basis in our earnings releases, investor conference calls and filings with the securities and exchange commission. the non-gaap financial measures that we use may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. also, in the future, we may disclose different non-gaap financial measures in order to help our investors meaningfully evaluate and compare our results of operations to our previously reported results of operations or to those of other companies in our industry.
we view ebitda, adjusted ebitda, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share as operating performance measures and as such we believe that the most directly comparable gaap financial measure to ebitda, adjusted ebitda and non-gaap net income is net income. we believe the most directly comparable gaap financial measures to non-gaap net income per diluted share and adjusted ebitda margin are net income per diluted share and net income divided by revenue, respectively. in calculating ebitda, adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income and non-
gaap net income per diluted share, we exclude from net income the financial items that we believe should be separately identified to provide additional analysis of the financial components of the day-to-day operation of our business. we have outlined below the type and scope of these exclusions and the material limitations on the use of these non-gaap financial measures as a result of these exclusions. ebitda, adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share are not measurements of financial performance under gaap and should not be considered as a measure of liquidity, as an alternative to net income or as an indicator of any other measure of performance derived in accordance with gaap. investors and potential investors in our securities should not rely on ebitda, adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share as a substitute for any gaap financial measure, including net income and net income per diluted share. in addition, we urge investors and potential investors in our securities to carefully review the gaap financial information included as part of our annual reports on form 10-k and quarterly reports on form 10-q that are filed with the securities and exchange commission, as well as our quarterly earnings releases, and compare the gaap financial information with our ebitda, adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share.
ebitda, adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share may be used by management to internally measure our operating and management performance and may be used by investors as supplemental financial measures to evaluate the performance of our business. we believe that these non-gaap measures, when viewed with our gaap results and accompanying reconciliations, provide additional information to investors that is useful to understand the factors and trends affecting our business. we have spent more than 30 years building our database of commercial real estate information and expanding our markets and services partially through acquisitions of complementary businesses. due to the expansion of our information, analytics and online marketplace services, which has included acquisitions, our net income has included significant charges for amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation and other amortization, acquisition- and integration-related costs for pending and completed acquisitions, restructuring costs, and loss on debt extinguishment. adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share exclude these charges and provide meaningful information about the operating performance of our business, apart from charges for amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation and other amortization, acquisition- and integration-related costs for pending and completed acquisitions, restructuring costs; settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business. we believe the disclosure of non-gaap measures can help investors meaningfully evaluate and compare our performance from quarter to quarter and from year to year. we also believe the non-gaap measures we disclose are measures of our ongoing operating performance because the isolation of non-cash charges, such as amortization and depreciation, and other items, such as interest, income taxes, stock-based compensation expenses, acquisition- and integration-related costs for pending and completed acquisitions, restructuring costs; loss on debt extinguishment and settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business, provides additional information about our cost structure, and, over time, helps track our operating progress. in addition, investors, securities analysts and others have regularly relied on ebitda and may rely on adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, non-gaap net income or non-gaap net income per diluted share to provide a financial measure by which to compare our operating performance against that of other companies in our industry.
set forth below are descriptions of financial items that have been excluded from net income to calculate ebitda and the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income:
•   amortization of acquired intangible assets in cost of revenues may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the diminishing value of any acquired trade names and other intangible assets and the use of our acquired technology, which is one of the sources of information for our database of commercial real estate information. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   amortization of acquired intangible assets in operating expenses may be useful for investors to consider because it represents the estimated attrition of our acquired customer base. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   depreciation and other amortization may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent the wear and tear on our property and equipment used in our operations. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   the amount of interest and other income and expense we generate and incur may be useful for investors to consider and may result in current cash inflows and outflows. however, we do not consider the amount of interest and other income and expense to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   income tax expense may be useful for investors to consider because it generally represents the taxes which may be payable for the period and the change in deferred income taxes during the period and may reduce the amount of funds otherwise available for use in our business. however, we do not consider the amount of income tax expense to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of loss on our debt extinguishment may be useful for investors to consider because it generally represents losses from the early extinguishment of debt. however, we do not consider the amount of the loss on debt extinguishment to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
set forth below are descriptions of additional financial items that have been excluded from ebitda to calculate adjusted ebitda and the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income:
•   stock-based compensation expense may be useful for investors to consider because it represents a portion of the compensation of our employees and executives. determining the fair value of the stock-based instruments involves a high degree of judgment and estimation and the expenses recorded may bear little resemblance to the actual value realized upon the future exercise or termination of the related stock-based awards. therefore, we believe it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation in order to better understand the long-term performance of our core business.
•   the amount of acquisition- and integration- related costs for pending and completed acquisitions incurred may be useful for investors to consider because such costs generally represent professional service fees and direct expenses related to acquisitions. because we do not acquire businesses on a predictable cycle, we do not consider the amount of acquisition- and integration- related costs for pending and completed acquisitions to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
•   the amount of settlement and impairment costs incurred outside of our ordinary course of business may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent gains or losses from the settlement of litigation matters or impairments on acquired intangible assets. we do not believe these charges necessarily reflect the current and ongoing cash charges related to our operating cost structure.
•   the amount of restructuring costs incurred may be useful for investors to consider because they generally represent costs incurred in connection with a change in a contract or a change in the makeup of our properties or personnel. we do not consider the amount of restructuring related costs to be a representative component of the day-to-day operating performance of our business.
the financial items that have been excluded from our net income to calculate non-gaap net income and non-gaap net income per diluted share are amortization of acquired intangible assets and other related costs, stock-based compensation, acquisition- and integration- related costs for pending and completed acquisitions, restructuring and related costs and settlement and impairment costs incurred outside our ordinary course of business. these items are discussed above with respect to the calculation of adjusted ebitda together with the material limitations associated with using this non-gaap financial measure as compared to net income. in addition to these exclusions from net income, we subtract an assumed provision for income taxes to calculate non-gaap net income. in 2019 and 2018, we assumed a 25% tax rate which approximated our historical long-term statutory corporate tax rate, excluding the impact of discrete items.
adjusted ebitda margin represents adjusted ebitda divided by revenues for the period.
non-gaap net income per diluted share is a non-gaap financial measure that represents non-gaap net income divided by the number of diluted shares outstanding for the period used in the calculation of gaap net income per diluted share.
management compensates for the above-described limitations of using non-gaap measures by using a non-gaap measure only to supplement our gaap results and to provide additional information that is useful to understand the factors and trends affecting our business.
the following table shows our net income reconciled to our ebitda and our net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the indicated periods (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                  2018                    2017
net income                                                            $314,963                $238,334                $122,695
amortization of acquired intangible assets in cost of revenues          21,357                  20,586                  19,707
amortization of acquired intangible assets in operating expenses        33,995                  30,881                  17,684
depreciation and other amortization                                     25,813                  26,276                  26,252
interest and other income                                              (30,017    )            (13,281    )             (4,044    )
interest and other expense                                               2,615                   2,830                   9,014
loss on debt extinguishment                                                  -                       -                   3,788
income tax expense                                                      75,986                  45,681                  42,363
ebitda                                                                $444,712                $351,307                $237,459
net cash flows provided by (used in)
operating activities                                                  $457,780                $335,458                $234,703
investing activities                                                 $(483,753    )          $(448,001    )           $(72,267    )
financing activities                                                   $(4,154    )             $2,744                $480,430
consolidated results of operations the following table provides our selected consolidated results of operations for the indicated periods (in thousands of dollars and as a percentage of total revenue):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                           2018                                2017
revenues                                                          $1,399,719         100   %          $1,191,832         100   %          $965,230          100   %
cost of revenues                                                     289,239          21                 269,933          23               220,403           23
gross profit                                                       1,110,480          79                 921,899          77               744,827           77
operating expenses:
selling and marketing (excluding customer base amortization)         408,596                             359,858                           318,362           33
software development                                                 125,602           9                 100,937                            88,850
general and administrative                                           178,740          13                 156,659          13               146,128           15
customer base amortization                                            33,995                              30,881                            17,671            2
total operating expenses                                             746,933                             648,335                           571,011           59
income from operations                                               363,547          26                 273,564          23               173,816           18
interest and other income                                             30,017           2                  13,281           1                 4,044            -
interest and other expense                                            (2,615   )       -                  (2,830   )       -                (9,014   )       (1   )
loss on debt extinguishment                                                -           -                       -           -                (3,788   )        -
income before income taxes                                           390,949          28                 284,015          24               165,058           17
income tax expense                                                    75,986           5                  45,681           4                42,363            4
net income                                                          $314,963          23   %            $238,334          20   %          $122,695           13   %
the following table provides our revenues by type of service (in thousands of dollars and as a percentage of total revenue):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                2018                                 2017
information and analytics costar suite (1)                             $617,798      44   %                 $545,195      46   %          $463,185          48   %
information services (1)                  88,446            6   %              67,624            6   %            72,618           8   %
online marketplaces multifamily (1)                          490,631           35   %             405,795           34   %           279,855          29   %
commercial property and land (1)         202,844           15   %             173,218                %           149,572               %
total revenues                        $1,399,719          100   %          $1,191,832          100   %          $965,230         100   %
__________________________
(1) for further discussion of our company, strategy and products, see our business overview set forth in "item 1. business" in this annual report on form 10-k.
39
comparison of year ended december 31, 2019 and year ended december 31, 2018
the following table provides a comparison of our selected consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands of dollars):
2019                                                                                             2018       increase (decrease) ($)         increase (decrease) (%)
revenues costar suite                                                      $617,798                   $545,195             $72,603                          13             %
information services                                                88,446                67,624                   20,822                          31
multifamily                                                        490,631               405,795                   84,836                          21
commercial property and land                                       202,844               173,218                   29,626                          17
total revenues                                                   1,399,719             1,191,832                  207,887                          17
cost of revenues                                                   289,239               269,933                   19,306                           7
gross profit                                                     1,110,480               921,899                  188,581                          20
operating expenses:
selling and marketing (excluding customer base amortization)       408,596               359,858                   48,738                          14
software development                                               125,602               100,937                   24,665                          24
general and administrative                                         178,740               156,659                   22,081                          14
customer base amortization                                          33,995                30,881                    3,114                          10
total operating expenses                                           746,933               648,335                   98,598                          15
income from operations                                             363,547               273,564                   89,983                          33
interest and other income                                           30,017                13,281                   16,736                          nm interest and other expense                                          (2,615   )            (2,830    )                (215         )                (8             )
income before income taxes                                         390,949               284,015                  106,934                          38
income tax expense                                                  75,986                45,681                   30,305                          66
net income                                                        $314,963              $238,334                  $76,629                          32             %
__________________________
nm - not meaningful revenues. revenues increased to $1.4 billion in 2019, from $1.2 billion in 2018. the $208 million increase was primarily attributable to an $85 million, or 21%, increase in multifamily revenue. the multifamily increase was due to upgrades of existing customer packages to higher value advertising packages, higher volume as a result of recent investments in marketing, and to a lesser extent, growth from the acquisitions of cozy and ocp. costar suite revenues increased $73 million, or 13%, primarily due to further increases in pricing and, to a lesser extent, further market penetration and cross-selling of our services. commercial property and land revenue increased $30 million, or 17%, primarily due to growth in our loopnet online marketplace services of $23 million, as well as, growth in our land and businesses for-sale services of $6 million. information services revenue increased $21 million, or 31%, primarily due to increased revenue of $13 million from our costar real estate manager service offerings and $9 million due to the acquisition of str.
gross profit. gross profit increased to $1.1 billion in 2019, from $922 million in 2018. the gross profit percentage was 79% for 2019 compared to 77% for 2018 as revenues increased at a higher rate than cost of revenues. the increase in cost of revenues of $19 million, or 7%, was primarily due to additional merchant fees and data and content costs of $9 million, primarily attributable to the acquisition of cozy, additional personnel costs of $8 million and additional costs for research equipment of $3 million. the increase from the prior year was partially offset by nonrecurring research personnel restructuring costs incurred in the prior year of $3 million.
selling and marketing expenses. selling and marketing expenses increased to $409 million in 2019, from $360 million in 2018. the increase was primarily attributable to $41 million in additional marketing spend, including $23 million in search engine marketing, $7 million in co-branding and $11 million in other forms of marketing, primarily for apartments.com. the increase was also due to a $5 million increase in personnel costs driven by increased headcount, partially offset by higher severance and retention costs incurred in 2018 related to the acquisition of forrent.
software development expenses. software development expenses increased to $126 million in 2019, from $101 million in 2018, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 9% in 2019, compared to 8% in 2018. the increase in the amount of software development expense was primarily due to a $22 million increase in personnel costs as a result of increased headcount to enhance our product offerings, including $2 million due to the acquisition of str.
general and administrative expenses. general and administrative expenses increased to $179 million in 2019, from $157 million in 2018, and remained consistent as a percentage of revenues at 13% in 2019 and 2018. the increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to personnel costs of $12 million due to increased headcount, $4 million as a result of the acquisition of str, bad debt expense of $4 million, additional software and equipment of $4 million, depreciation expense of $2 million and travel and conference expenses of $1 million each, partially offset by a $5 million decrease in professional services.
customer base amortization expense. customer base amortization expense increased to $34 million in 2019, from $31 million in 2018, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 2% in 2019, compared to 3% in 2018. the increase in customer base amortization expense was primarily due to the str acquisition.
interest and other income. interest and other income increased to $30 million in 2019, from $13 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to $11 million in legal settlement proceeds received during 2019, as well as, higher rates of return and average cash and cash equivalent balances during 2019 compared to 2018.
interest and other expense. interest and other expense remained consistent for 2019 and 2018, and primarily consists of commitment fees and amortization of debt issuance costs.
income tax expense. income tax expense increased to $76 million in 2019, from $46 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher income before income taxes for 2019, and to a lesser extent, discrete items for higher state research and development tax credits recognized for 2018. the effective tax rate for 2019 was 19%, compared to 16% in 2018 and lower than the statutory rates due to discrete items including research and development credits as well as excess tax benefits.
for a comparison of the company's results of operations for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018 to the year ended december 31, 2017, see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, which was filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission on february 28, 2019.
comparison of business segment results for year ended december 31, 2019 and year ended december 31, 2018
we manage our business geographically in two operating segments, with the primary areas of measurement and decision-making being north america, which includes the u.s. and canada, and international, which primarily includes europe, asia-pacific and latin america. management relies on an internal management reporting process that provides revenue and operating segment net income before interest and other income (expense), loss on debt extinguishment, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"). management believes that operating segment ebitda is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operational performance of our operating segments. ebitda is used by management to internally measure operating and management performance and to evaluate the performance of the business. however, this measure should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, income from operations or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
segment revenues. north america revenues increased to $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, from $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in north america revenues was primarily due to a $85 million increase in multifamily revenues driven by the sale of higher value advertising packages and volume, and to a lesser extent, the acquisition of cozy, and continued organic growth in costar suite revenues of $71 million. there were also increases of $29 million and $18 million in commercial property and land and information services, respectively, primarily due to growth in our loopnet and costar real estate manager service offerings, and to a lesser extent, the acquisition of str. international revenues increased to $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, from $35 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in international revenues was primarily due the acquisition of str and further growth of our subscription-based services.
segment ebitda. north america ebitda increased to $452 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, from $358 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in north america ebitda was due primarily to an increase in revenues, partially offset by increases in personnel and marketing costs. international ebitda remained consistent at a loss of $7 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018.
for a comparison of the company's business segment results of operations for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018 to the year ended december 31, 2017, see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, which was filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission on february 28, 2019.
consolidated quarterly results of operations the following tables present our unaudited consolidated results of operations on a quarterly basis for the indicated periods (in thousands, except per share amounts, and as a percentage of total revenues). these tables should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k. the quarterly results of historical periods are not necessarily indicative of quarterly results for any future period.
2019                                                                                                                  2018
mar. 31               jun. 30               sep. 30               dec. 31               mar. 31               jun. 30               sep. 30               dec. 31
revenues                            $328,425              $343,760              $352,808              $374,726              $273,718              $297,018              $305,525              $315,571
cost of revenues                      71,153                71,918                71,172                74,996                62,477                67,136                72,072                68,248
gross profit                         257,272               271,842               281,636               299,730               211,241               229,882               233,453               247,323
operating expenses                   163,780               197,042               187,367               198,744               157,796               186,108               162,765               141,666
income from operations                93,492                74,800                94,269               100,986                53,445                43,774                70,688               105,657
interest and other income              4,945                 5,913                 5,358                13,801                 2,987                 2,652                 3,035                 4,607
interest and other expense              (732    )             (697    )             (704    )             (482    )             (690    )             (728    )             (717    )             (695    )
income before income taxes            97,705                80,016                98,923               114,305                55,742                45,698                73,006               109,569
income tax expense                    12,536                16,768                20,304                26,378                 3,511                 1,863                14,247                26,060
net income                           $85,169               $63,248               $78,619               $87,927               $52,231               $43,835               $58,759               $83,509
net income per share - basic           $2.35                 $1.74                 $2.16                 $2.42                 $1.46                 $1.22                 $1.63                 $2.31
net income per share - diluted         $2.33                 $1.73                 $2.15                 $2.39                 $1.44                 $1.20                 $1.61                 $2.29
2019                                                                                                                                              2018
mar. 31         jun. 30         sep. 30         dec. 31         mar. 31         jun. 30         sep. 30         dec. 31
revenues                     100   %         100     %       100   %         100   %         100     %       100     %       100     %       100     %
cost of revenues              22              21              20              20              23                                              22
gross profit                                                                  80              77              77              76              78
operating expenses            50              57              53              53              58              63              54              45
income from operations        28              22              27              27              20              14              22              32
interest and other income      2               2               2               4               1               1               1               1
income before income taxes    30              24              29              31              21              15              23              33
income tax expense                                                                             1               1               5               8
net income                    26   %          19     %             %               %          20     %        14     %        18     %        25     %
liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and cash from operations. we also have access to $750 million from our revolving credit facility. in total, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $30 million at december 31, 2019 compared to december 31, 2018, primarily due to the cash paid in connection with the acquisitions of str and ocp for an aggregate amount of $438 million, cash paid for purchases of property and equipment of $46 million and repurchases of restricted stock to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations upon vesting of restricted stock awards valued at approximately $28 million. these decreases were partially offset by net cash generated from operations of $458 million and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of approximately $25 million.
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $458 million compared to $335 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the approximately $123 million increase from december 31, 2018 to december 31, 2019 was primarily due to an increase in net income of $77 million including an increase in other non-cash expenses such as stock-based compensation expense and the timing of collections for accounts receivable, partially offset by $15 million placed into an escrow account for deferred compensation for certain str employees.
43
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $484 million compared to $448 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the $36 million increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to approximately $418 million of net cash paid to acquire forrent, cozy and realla during 2018, compared to $438 million net cash paid during 2019 for the str and ocp acquisitions. during 2019, we made capital expenditures of approximately $46 million compared to approximately $30 million during 2018. the increase in capital expenditures during the year ended december 31, 2019 was partially driven by the purchase of a corporate aircraft, which is principally used for business travel by our executives.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $4 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. this $7 million increase in cash used in financing activities in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to higher repurchases of restricted stock to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations upon vesting of restricted stock awards of $3 million, as well as a decrease in proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $2 million.
our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, among others, our operating results, expansion and integration efforts, and our level of acquisition activity or other strategic transactions. to date, we have grown in part by acquiring other companies, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions. on february 11, 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary entered into a purchase agreement to acquire all of the equity interests of reorganized rentpath, following an internal restructuring pursuant to a chapter 11 plan of reorganization, for $588 million in cash. the purchase agreement requires us to pay a $59 million fee in the event the purchase agreement is terminated prior to closing under specified circumstances. the acquisition will be funded using cash on hand. see note 19 to the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion. based on current plans, we believe that our available cash combined with positive cash flow provided by operating activities should be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months.
contractual obligations. the following table summarizes our principal contractual obligations at december 31, 2019 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods (in thousands):
total                2020         2021-2022         2023-2024            thereafter operating leases                                  $165,542             $34,976         $64,698           $53,635               $12,233
purchase obligations (1)                            41,284              20,798          18,762             1,152                   572
total contractual principal cash obligations      $206,826             $55,774         $83,460           $54,787               $12,805
__________________________
(1) amounts do not include (i) contracts with terms of twelve months or less, (ii) multi-year contracts that may be terminated by a third-party or us, or (iii) employment agreements. amounts do not include income taxes payable due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
44
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the period reported. the following accounting policies involve a "critical accounting estimate" because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by management about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made. in addition, while we have used our best estimates based on facts and circumstances available to us at the time, different acceptable assumptions would yield different results. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, which may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. we review these estimates and assumptions periodically and reflect the effects of revisions in the period that they are determined to be necessary. we consider policies relating to the following matters to be critical accounting policies:
•   long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill
•   revenue recognition
•   income taxes
•   business combinations with respect to our accounting policy for long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, we further supplement in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k with the following:
we assess the impairment of long-lived assets, identifiable intangibles and goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. judgments made by management relate to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets and our ability to recover the carrying value of such assets. the accuracy of these judgments may be adversely affected by several factors, including the factors listed below:
•   significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results;
•   significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business;
•   significant negative industry or economic trends; or
•   significant decline in our market capitalization relative to net book value for a sustained period.
when we determine that the carrying value of long-lived and identifiable intangible assets may not be recovered based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators, we test for impairment.
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets that are not subject to amortization are tested annually for impairment by each reporting unit on october 1 of each year and are also tested for impairment more frequently based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators.
goodwill represents the excess of costs over the fair value of assets of acquired businesses. goodwill is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually by each reporting unit. we may first assess qualitative factors to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or elect to bypass such assessment. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, or we elect to bypass such assessment, we then determine the fair value of each reporting unit. we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on a projected discounted cash flow model that includes significant assumptions and estimates including our discount rate, growth rate and future financial performance. assumptions about the discount rate are based on a weighted average cost of capital for comparable companies. assumptions about the growth rate and future financial performance of a reporting unit are based on our forecasts, business plans, economic projections and anticipated future cash flows. these assumptions are subject to change from period to period and could be adversely impacted by the uncertainty surrounding global market conditions, commercial real estate conditions and the competitive environment in which we operate. changes in these or other factors could negatively affect our reporting units' fair value and potentially result in impairment charges. such impairment charges could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
the fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying amount of the reporting unit. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, then an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units based on a projected discounted cash flow method using a discount rate determined by our management to be commensurate with the risk in our current business model. as of october 1, 2019, we assessed the relevant qualitative factors and concluded that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units was less than their respective carrying amounts. there have been no events or changes in circumstances as a result of our qualitative impairment analysis on october 1, 2019, that would indicate that the carrying value of each reporting unit may not be recoverable.
45
for an in-depth discussion of each of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies and further information regarding estimates and assumptions involved in their application, see note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for information on recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption.
