item 1a.   risk factors.

risk factors relating to our operations our business is sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending as a result of downturns in the economy and other factors outside our control.
consumer demand for casino hotel and racetrack properties such as ours is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the associated impact on discretionary spending on leisure activities. changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions, effects of declines in consumer confidence in the economy, the impact of high energy and food costs, the increased cost of travel, decreased disposable consumer income and wealth, fears of war and future acts of terrorism, or widespread illnesses or epidemics, including the coronavirus, could further reduce customer demand for the amenities that we offer. in addition, increases in gasoline prices, including increases prompted by global political and economic instabilities, can adversely affect our operations because most of our patrons travel to our properties by car or on airlines that may pass on increases in fuel costs to passengers in the form of higher ticket prices. further, security concerns, terrorist attacks, widespread illnesses or epidemics, including the coronavirus, and other geopolitical events can have a material adverse effect on leisure and business travel, discretionary spending and other areas of economic behavior that directly impact the gaming and entertainment industries in general and our business in particular. economic downturns, geopolitical events and other related factors which impact discretionary consumer spending and other economic events that are beyond our control have had direct effects on our business and the tourism industry in the past and could adversely affect us in the future.
14
we face substantial competition in the hotel and casino industry and expect that such competition will continue.
the gaming industry is characterized by an increasingly high degree of competition and competition is intense in most of the markets in which we operate.  we compete with a variety of gaming operations, including land-based casinos, dockside casinos, riverboat casinos, casinos located on racing tracks and casinos located on native american reservations and other forms of legalized gaming such as video gaming terminals (vgts) at bars, restaurants and truck stops and mobile gambling and sports betting.  we also compete, to a lesser extent, with other forms of legalized gaming and entertainment such as bingo, pull tab games, card parlors, sports books, fantasy sports websites, "cruise-to-nowhere" operations, pari-mutuel or telephonic betting on horse racing and dog racing, state-sponsored lotteries, jai-alai and, in the future, may compete with gaming at other venues.  in addition, we compete more generally with other forms of entertainment for the discretionary spending of our customers.  certain of our competitors are large gaming companies with greater name recognition and marketing and financial resources.  in some instances, particularly in the case of native american casinos, our competitors pay lower taxes or no taxes.  these factors create additional challenges for us in competing for customers and accessing cash flow or financing to fund improvements for our casino and entertainment product that enable us to remain competitive.
states that already have legalized casino gaming may further expand gaming, and other states that have not yet legalized gaming may do so in the future. there has been significant competition in our markets as a result of the expansion of facilities by existing market participants, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market or legislative changes in prior years. for example, in recent years a number of states, including illinois, pennsylvania and ohio, have either approved casino gaming or substantially expanded gaming by authorizing additional casino licenses and vgts at horse racing tracks, truck stops or other locations. additionally, we also compete with native american gaming operations in california and other jurisdictions where native american tribes operate large-scale gaming facilities or otherwise conduct gaming activities on native american lands. further expansion of legalized casino gaming in states and on native american reservations in or near our markets or changes to gaming laws in states in which we have operations and in states near our operations could increase competition and could adversely affect our operations.
further, we face increasing competition as a result of the expansion of legalized online gaming and sports betting in the last few years.  online gaming has been approved in several states where we have casino properties, including iowa, nevada and new jersey, and a number of states, including indiana, iowa, colorado, new jersey and nevada, permit online sports betting.  we expect that other states will adopt legislation that permits online sports betting and gaming, which will result in significant additional competition for our casino properties.
increased competition may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain and enhance the competitive positions of our properties to increase the attractiveness and add to the appeal of our facilities. because a significant portion of our cash flow is required to pay obligations under our outstanding indebtedness and the master lease, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient funds to undertake these expenditures or that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing to fund such expenditures. if we are unable to make such expenditures, our competitive position could be negatively affected.
our operations in certain jurisdictions depend on agreements with third parties.
our operations in several jurisdictions depend on agreements with third parties. if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms as they expire, our business may be disrupted and, in the event of disruptions in multiple jurisdictions, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. for example, iowa law requires that each gambling venue in iowa must have a licensed "qualified sponsoring organization," or "qso", which is a tax-exempt non-profit organization. the qso must donate the profits it receives from casino operations to educational, civic, public, charitable, patriotic or religious uses. both of our iowa properties have an agreement with a local qso. we have the right to renew our agreements for bettendorf and waterloo when they expire in 2025 and 2021, respectively.
the federal interstate horse racing act and the state racing laws in certain jurisdictions where we have racetracks require that, in order to simulcast races, we have written agreements with the horse owners and trainers at those racetracks or that we share proceeds of slot machines at the applicable racetrack. if we fail to maintain operative agreements with the horsemen at our racetracks, we will not be permitted to conduct live racing and export and import simulcasting, and may not be permitted to continue our gaming operations, at the applicable racetrack at those facilities, which could have material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
15
some of our casinos are located on leased property. if we default on one or more leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected casino.
we currently lease certain parcels of land on which several of our properties are located, including five of the properties that we acquired in the tropicana acquisition. as a ground lessee, we have the right to use the leased land; however, we do not hold fee ownership of the underlying land. accordingly, we have no interest in the leased land or improvements thereon at the expiration of the ground leases. moreover, since we do not completely control the land underlying the property, a landowner could take certain actions to disrupt our rights in the land leased under the long-term leases which are beyond our control.  if the entity owning any leased land chose to disrupt our use either permanently or for a significant period of time, then the value of our assets could be impaired and our business and operations could be adversely affected. our leases provide that they may be terminated for a number of reasons, including failure to pay rent, taxes or other payment obligations or the breach of other covenants contained in the leases. in particular, the master lease requires annual rent payments of at least $87.6 million, which is subject to escalation annually, and obligates us to make specified minimum capital expenditures with respect to the leased properties. if our business and properties fail to generate sufficient earnings, the payments required to service the rent obligations under the master lease could materially and adversely limit our ability to react to changes in our business and make acquisitions and investments in our properties. if we were to default on any one or more of these leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected land and any improvements on the land, including the hotels and casinos. a termination of our ground leases or the master lease could result in a default under our debt agreements and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. further, in the event that any lessor of our leased properties, including properties that are subject to the master lease, encounters financial, operational, regulatory or other challenges, there can be no assurance that such lessor will be able to comply with its obligations under the applicable lease.
certain of our leases, including the master lease, are "triple-net" leases. accordingly, in addition to rent, we are required to pay, among other things, the following: (1) lease payments to the underlying ground lessor for properties that are subject to ground leases; (2) facility maintenance costs; (3) all insurance premiums for insurance with respect to the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties; (4) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor); and (5) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. we are responsible for incurring the costs described in the preceding sentence notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall in part accrue to the lessor as the owner of the associated facilities. in addition, we remain obligated for lease payments and other obligations under the master lease and other ground leases even if one or more of such leased facilities is unprofitable or if we decide to withdraw from those locations. we could incur special charges relating to the closing of such facilities including lease termination costs, impairment charges and other special charges that would reduce our net income and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and licensing, and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
licensing requirements.  the ownership and operation of casino gaming, riverboat and horse racing facilities are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation, and regulatory authorities at the federal, state, and local levels have broad powers with respect to the licensing of gaming businesses and may revoke, suspend, condition or limit our gaming or other licenses, impose substantial fines and take other actions, each of which poses a significant risk to our business, financial condition and results of operations. we currently hold all state and local licenses and related approvals necessary to conduct our present gaming operations, but we must periodically apply to renew many of our licenses and registrations. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such renewals. any failure to maintain or renew our existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals would have a material adverse effect on us. furthermore, if additional laws or regulations are adopted or existing laws or regulations are amended or interpreted differently, these regulations could impose additional restrictions or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us.
gaming authorities with jurisdiction over our operations may, in their discretion, require the holder of any securities issued by us to file applications, be investigated, and be found suitable to own our securities if they have reason to believe that the security ownership would be inconsistent with the declared policies of their respective jurisdictions. further, the costs of any investigation conducted by any of the gaming authorities under these circumstances must be paid by the applicant, and refusal or failure to pay these charges may constitute grounds for a finding that the applicant is unsuitable to own the securities. if any of the gaming authorities determines that a person is unsuitable to own our securities, then, under the applicable gaming or horse racing laws and regulations, we can be sanctioned, including the loss of approvals that are required for us to continue our gaming operations in the relevant jurisdictions, if such unsuitable person does not timely sell our securities.
16
our officers, directors and key employees are also subject to a variety of regulatory requirements and various licensing and related approval procedures in the various jurisdictions in which we operate gaming facilities. if any of the applicable gaming authorities were to find an officer, director or key employee of ours unsuitable for licensing or unsuitable to continue having a relationship with us, we would have to sever all relationships with that person. furthermore, the gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file appropriate applications. either result could materially adversely affect our gaming operations.
applicable gaming laws and regulations restrict our ability to issue securities, incur debt and undertake other financing activities. such transactions would generally require approval of applicable gaming authorities, and our financing counterparties, including lenders, might be subject to various licensing and related approval procedures in the various jurisdictions in which we operate gaming facilities. if state regulatory authorities were to find any person unsuitable with regard to his, her or its relationship to us or any of our subsidiaries, we would be required to sever our relationships with that person, which could materially adversely affect our business.
compliance with other laws.  we are also subject to a variety of other federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances that apply to non-gaming businesses, including zoning, environmental, construction and land-use laws and regulations governing smoking and the serving of alcoholic beverages. legislation in various forms to ban indoor tobacco smoking has been enacted or introduced in many states and local jurisdictions, including several of the jurisdictions in which we operate. if additional restrictions on smoking are enacted in our jurisdictions, we could experience a significant decrease in gaming revenue and, particularly if such restrictions are not applicable to all competitive facilities in that gaming market, our business could be materially adversely affected. under various federal, state and local laws and regulations, an owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances or wastes located on its property, regardless of whether or not the present owner or operator knows of, or is responsible for, the presence of such substances or wastes. we have not identified any issues associated with our properties that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us or the results of our operations. however, several of our properties are located in industrial areas or were used for industrial purposes for many years. as a consequence, it is possible that historical or neighboring activities have affected one or more of our properties and that, as a result, environmental issues could arise in the future, the precise nature of which we cannot now predict. the coverage and attendant compliance costs associated with these laws, regulations and ordinances may result in future additional costs.
regulations adopted by the u.s. department of treasury financial crimes enforcement network ("fincen") require us to report currency transactions in excess of $10,000 occurring within a gaming day, including identification of the patron by name and social security number. u.s. treasury department regulations also require us to report certain suspicious activity, including any transaction that exceeds $5,000, if we know, suspect or have reason to believe that the transaction involves funds from illegal activity or is designed to evade federal regulations or reporting requirements. substantial penalties can be imposed if we fail to comply with these regulations. fincen has recently increased its focus on gaming companies.
we are required to report certain customer's gambling winnings via form w-2g to comply with current internal revenue service regulations. should these regulations change, we would expect to incur additional costs to comply with the revised reporting requirements.
taxation and fees. in addition, gaming companies are generally subject to significant revenue-based taxes and fees in addition to normal federal, state and local income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time. we pay substantial taxes and fees with respect to our operations. from time to time, federal, state, and local legislators and officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. in addition, worsening economic conditions could intensify the efforts of state and local governments to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes and/or property taxes. it is not possible to determine with certainty the likelihood of changes in tax laws or in the administration of such laws. such changes, if adopted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the large number of state and local governments with significant current or projected budget deficits makes it more likely that those governments that currently permit gaming will seek to fund such deficits with new or increased gaming taxes and/or property taxes and worsening economic conditions could intensify those efforts. any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our future financial results.
17
income taxes. we are subject to tax in multiple u.s. tax jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets or liabilities and in evaluating our tax positions. while we believe our tax positions are consistent with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, it is possible that these positions may be overturned by jurisdictional tax authorities, which may have a significant impact on our provision for income taxes.
tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. the u.s. recently enacted significant tax reform, and certain provisions of the new law may adversely affect us. in addition, governmental tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies. if u.s. or state tax authorities change applicable tax laws, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
we have partnership agreements to expand our sportsbook business and engage in online sportsbook, casino gaming and poker. there can be no assurance that regulations authorizing such activities will be approved in the jurisdictions in which we operate or that the market for such gaming activities will develop as expected.
during the second quarter of 2018, the u.s. supreme court overturned the federal ban on sports betting.  as a result, several jurisdictions in which we operate legalized sports betting and additional jurisdictions may do so in the future.  we currently accept wagers on sporting events in nevada, new jersey, mississippi, iowa and indiana. however, our ability to expand our sports betting and online operations is dependent on adoption of regulations permitting sports betting in the united states and may be negatively impacted by a recent opinion of the u.s. justice department's office of legal counsel relating to the restrictions on online gaming under existing federal statutes. there can be no assurances when, or if, regulations enabling sports betting and online sportsbook, casino gaming and poker will be adopted, or the terms of such regulations, in certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
following the repeal of the federal ban on sports betting, we entered into a definitive agreement with william hill pursuant to which william hill has agreed to operate as our sports betting operator, including with respect to mobile and online sports wagering, for a period of 25 years. we also entered into a 20-year agreement with tsg pursuant to which we agreed to provide tsg with options to obtain access to certain of our licenses for online sports wagering and real money online gaming and poker. we received equity interests in william hill us, william hill plc and tsg in consideration for the execution of these agreements and we may in the future receive additional consideration, including revenue sharing based on the betting and gaming operations conducted under the authority of our licenses or in our markets.  to the extent permitted under our agreements with william hill and tsg, we will continue to evaluate options for additional partnerships to operate online betting and gaming activities under the authority of our licenses and may in the future enter into additional partnership agreements with respect to such operations.
the market for sports betting and online gaming is rapidly evolving and highly competitive with an increasing number of competitors. the success of our sportsbook and online betting and gaming partners, the value of our equity interests in william hill and tsg and the results of operations from sports betting and online sportsbook and gaming conducted at our properties or under the authority of our licenses are dependent on a number of factors that are beyond our control, including:
•   the timing of adoption of regulations authorizing such betting and gaming activities and the restrictions contained in such regulations;

•   the tax rates and license fees applicable to such activities;

•   our ability to gain market share in a newly developing market;

•   the potential that the market does not develop at all or does not develop as we anticipate;

•   our ability to compete with new entrants in the market;

•   changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; and

•   the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment.

there can be no assurance as to the returns that we will receive from our current and anticipated sports betting and online gaming operations or our partnerships with william hill and tsg or future similar arrangements with other market service providers.
18
we rely on our key personnel and we may face difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified employees for our casinos and race tracks.
our future success will depend upon, among other things, our ability to keep our senior executives and highly qualified employees. we compete with other potential employers for employees, and we may not succeed in hiring or retaining the executives and other employees that we need. a sudden loss of or inability to replace key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation.
in addition, the operation of our business requires qualified executives, managers and skilled employees with gaming and horse racing industry experience and qualifications who are able to obtain the requisite licenses and approval from the applicable gaming authorities. there has from time to time been a shortage of skilled labor in our markets. in addition to limitations that may otherwise exist in the supply of skilled labor, the continued expansion of gaming near our facilities, including the expansion of native american gaming, may make it more difficult for us to attract qualified individuals. while we believe that we will continue to be able to attract and retain qualified employees, shortages of skilled labor will make it increasingly difficult and expensive to attract and retain the services of a satisfactory number of qualified employees, and we may incur higher costs than expected as a result.
work stoppages, organizing drives and other labor problems could negatively impact our future profits.
as of december 31, 2019, we had 18 collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 3,100 employees. a lengthy strike or other work stoppages at any of our casino properties could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. given the large number of employees, labor unions are making a concerted effort to recruit more employees in the gaming industry, including at some of our properties. as a result, we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience additional and more successful union organization activity in the future.
because we own real property, we will be subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities.
we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that govern activities that may have adverse environmental effects, such as discharges to air and water, as well as the use, storage, discharge, emission and disposal of solid, animal and hazardous wastes and exposure to hazardous materials. these laws and regulations are complex and frequently subject to change. in addition, our horse racing facilities are subject to laws and regulations that address the impacts of manure and wastewater generated by concentrated animal feeding operations ("cafo") on water quality, including, but not limited to, storm water discharges. cafo regulations include permit requirements and water quality discharge standards. enforcement of cafo regulations has been receiving increased governmental attention. compliance with these and other environmental laws can, in some circumstances, require significant capital expenditures. we have from time to time been responsible for investigating and remediating, or contributing to remediation costs related to, contamination located at or near certain of our facilities, including contamination related to underground storage tanks and groundwater contamination arising from prior uses of land on which certain of our facilities are located. in addition, we have been, and may in the future be, required to manage, abate, remove or contain manure and wastewater generated by concentrated animal feeding operations due to our racetrack operations, mold, lead, asbestos‐containing materials or other hazardous conditions found in or on our properties. moreover, violations can result in significant fines or penalties and, in some instances, interruption or cessation of operations.
we are also subject to laws and regulations that create liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of regulated materials into the environment. certain of these laws and regulations impose strict, and under certain circumstances joint and several, liability on a current or previous owner or operator of property for the costs of remediating regulated materials on or emanating from its property. the costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial.
19
an earthquake, hurricane, flood, other natural disaster, act of terrorism or other casualty events could adversely affect our business and we may not have sufficient insurance coverage to cover such losses.
the operations of our facilities are subject to disruption or reduced patronage as a result of severe weather conditions, natural disasters and other casualty events, including acts of terrorism or violence. the reno area has been, and may in the future be, subject to earthquakes and other natural disasters and certain of our other properties are located in flood zones or are otherwise subject to significant disruption based on adverse weather conditions. because many of our gaming operations are located on or adjacent to bodies of water, these facilities are subject to risks in addition to those associated with other casinos, including loss of service due to casualty, forces of nature, mechanical failure, extended or extraordinary maintenance, flood, hurricane or other severe weather conditions and other disasters. for example, flooding along the mississippi river can impact six or more of our properties and result in them being closed for differing periods of time. our properties in florida, mississippi, louisiana and new jersey are particularly vulnerable to hurricanes, wind and storm surge. our pompano property was closed for four days in 2017 because of storms. in addition, severe weather such as high winds and blizzards occasionally limits access to our land-based facilities in colorado and reno. inadequate insurance or lack of available insurance for these and other certain types or levels of risk could expose us to significant losses in the event that a catastrophe occurred for which we are underinsured. further, if properties subject to the master lease are impacted by a casualty event, the master lease requires us to repair or restore the affected properties even if the cost of such repair or restoration exceeds the insurance proceeds that we receive. under such circumstances, the rent under the master lease is required to be paid during the period of repair or restoration even if all or a portion of the affected property is not operating. in addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of the casualty event or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. while we carry general liability insurance and business interruption insurance, there can be no assurance that insurance will be available or adequate to cover all loss and damage to which our business or our assets might be subjected. in addition, certain casualty events, such as labor strikes, nuclear events, loss of income due to terrorism, violence, deterioration or corrosion, insect or animal damage and pollution, may not be covered under our policies. any losses we incur that are not adequately covered by insurance may decrease our future operating income, require us to fund replacements or repairs for destroyed property and reduce the funds available for payments of our obligations. further, we renew our insurance policies on an annual basis. the cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits or agree to certain exclusions from coverage. among other factors, it is possible that regional political tensions, homeland security concerns, other catastrophic events or any change in government legislation governing insurance coverage for acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect available insurance coverage and result in increased premiums on available coverage (which may cause us to elect to reduce our policy limits), additional exclusions from coverage or higher deductibles. among other potential future adverse changes, in the future we may elect to not, or may not be able to, obtain any coverage for losses due to acts of terrorism.
we are subject to risks relating to mechanical failure, forces of nature, casualty, extraordinary maintenance and other causes.
all of our facilities will generally be subject to the risk that operations could be halted for a temporary or extended period of time, as the result of casualty, forces of nature, mechanical failure, or extended or extraordinary maintenance, among other causes. in addition, our gaming operations could be damaged or halted due to extreme weather conditions. these risks are particularly pronounced at our riverboat and dockside facilities because of their locations on and adjacent to water.
our reliance on our computer systems and software could expose us to great financial harm if any of our computer systems or software were subject to any material disruption or corruption.
we rely significantly on our computer systems and software to receive and properly process internal and external data, including data related to our player loyalty program. a disruption or corruption of the proper functioning of our computer systems or software could cause us to lose data or record erroneous data, which could result in material losses. we cannot guarantee that our efforts to maintain competitive computer systems and software will be successful. our computer systems and software may fail or be subject to bugs or other errors, resulting in service interruptions or other unintended consequences. if any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
20
we are or may become involved in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could impact our business and financial condition.
from time to time, we are named in lawsuits or other legal proceedings relating to our respective businesses. in particular, the nature of our business subjects us to the risk of lawsuits filed by customers, past and present employees, competitors, business partners and others in the ordinary course of business. as with all legal proceedings, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of these matters. moreover, legal proceedings can be expensive and time consuming, and we may not be successful in defending or prosecuting these lawsuits, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our information technology and other systems are subject to cyber security risk including misappropriation of customer information or other breaches of information security.
we collect information relating to our guests and employees for various business purposes, including marketing and promotional purposes. the collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted in the united states. we rely on information technology and other systems to maintain and transmit this personal and financial information, credit card settlements, credit card funds transmissions, mailing lists and reservations information. our information and processes are subject to the ever-changing threat of compromised security, in the form of a risk of potential breach, system failure, computer virus or unauthorized or fraudulent use by customers, company employees, or employees of third-party vendors. we face cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. cyber-attacks and security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, including customer and company information, computer malware such as viruses, denial of service, ransomware attacks that encrypt, exfiltrate or otherwise render data unusable or unavailable in an effort to extort money or other consideration as a condition to purportedly returning the data to a usable form, operator errors or misuse, or inadvertent releases of data and other forms of electronic security breaches. the steps we take to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful and any resulting compromise or loss of data or systems could adversely impact operations or regulatory compliance and could result in remedial expenses, fines, litigation and loss of reputation, potentially impacting our financial results.
in addition, third party service providers and other business partners process and maintain proprietary business information and data related to our guests, suppliers and other business partners. our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit this information, or those of service providers or business partners, may also be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security or that of a third party service provider or business partner, or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees or those of a third party service provider or business partner. as a result, our business information, guest, supplier and other business partner data may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without their consent.
any such loss, disclosure or misappropriation of, or access to, guests' or business partners' information or other breach of our information security can result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, may have a serious impact on our reputation and may adversely affect our businesses, operating results and financial condition. furthermore, the loss, disclosure or misappropriation of our business information may adversely affect our reputation, businesses, operating results and financial condition.
our operations are vulnerable to fraud and cheating.
to increase winnings, gaming customers of ours may attempt or commit fraud or cheat. such attempts could involve tactics including the use of counterfeit chips, possibly in collusion with our employees. internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers or other casino or gaming area staff. our failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our gaming operations. moreover, our reputation could be adversely affected by negative publicity related to such schemes, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
21
our operations have historically been subject to seasonal variations and quarterly fluctuations in operating results, and we can expect to experience such variations and fluctuations in the future.
historically, our operations have typically been subject to seasonal variations. our strongest operating results for our reno properties have generally occurred in the second and third quarters and the weakest results have generally occurred during the period from november through february when weather conditions adversely affected operating results. winter conditions can frequently adversely affect transportation routes to reno, where a significant of our visitors arrive by ground transportation, and certain of our other properties and cause cancellations of live horse racing. for example, the reno-tahoe area experienced exceptionally high levels of snowfall in the first quarter of 2017, with certain resorts in the tahoe area reporting over 50 feet of snowfall during such time, which adversely affected visitation to our reno properties and adversely affected our results of operations for the first quarter of 2017. as a result, unfavorable seasonal conditions could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
the concentration and evolution of the slot machine manufacturing industry could impose additional costs on us.
there are a limited number of slot machine manufacturers servicing the gaming industry and a large majority of our revenues are derived from slot machines at our casinos. it is important, for competitive reasons, that we offer the most popular and up-to-date slot machine games with the latest technology to customers.
in recent years, slot machine manufacturers have frequently refused to sell slot machines featuring the most popular games, instead requiring participating lease arrangements. generally, a participating lease is substantially more expensive over the long-term than the cost to purchase a new slot machine.
for competitive reasons, we may be forced to acquire new slot machines, slot machine systems or gaming and hotel technology and equipment, or enter into participating lease arrangements, that are more expensive than our costs associated with the continued operation of our existing slot machines, equipment and software. if the newer slot machines, equipment or software do not result in sufficient incremental revenues to offset the increased investment, or if we are unable to successfully implement new software or technology, it could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
we face risks associated with growth and acquisitions.
we have grown our operations through a number of strategic acquisitions and we expect that we will continue to evaluate opportunities for growth in existing or new markets, through acquiring or developing other gaming entertainment facilities or redeveloping our existing gaming facilities. in the future, we may also pursue expansion opportunities, including joint ventures, in jurisdictions where casino gaming is not currently permitted in order to be prepared to develop projects upon approval of casino gaming.
although we only intend to pursue acquisitions and development opportunities that, if consummated, will be accretive to us and our stockholders, we cannot be sure that we will be able to identify attractive acquisition or development opportunities or that we will experience the return on investment that we expect. in particular, we cannot be sure that we will realize the anticipated synergies and benefits of our acquisitions or that they will be accretive to our results of operations. our estimates and assumptions regarding expected synergies and benefits of our acquisitions and development projects could materially change due to factors beyond our control and could delay, decrease or eliminate the expected accretive effect of the acquisitions and cause resulting dilution to our earnings per share or negatively impact the price of our common stock in addition, acquisitions require significant management attention and resources to integrate new properties, businesses and operations. potential difficulties we may encounter as part of the integration process include:
•   the inability to successfully integrate acquired assets in a manner that permits us to achieve the full revenue and other benefits anticipated to result from the acquired operations;

•   complexities associated with managing the combined business, including difficulties addressing possible differences in cultures and management philosophies and the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets of the company in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies; and

•   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses associated with acquired operations.

22
in addition, it is possible that the integration process could result in:
•   diversion of the attention of our management;

•   the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, our ongoing businesses; and

•   inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies;

any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits, or could reduce our earnings or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify, acquire, develop or profitably manage additional companies or operations or successfully integrate such companies or operations, into our existing operations without substantial costs, delays or other problems. additionally, there can be no assurance that we will receive gaming or other necessary licenses or approvals for new projects that we may pursue. in addition, we may from time to time elect to divest properties that we determine are not core to our operations. we cannot be sure that we will be able to sell such non-core assets on terms that result in a return on our investment or at all.
we may experience construction delays or cost overruns during our expansion or development projects that could adversely affect our operations.
from time to time, we may commence development and construction projects on new properties or at our current properties. we also evaluate other expansion opportunities as they become available and may in the future engage in additional construction projects.  as an example, our joint venture with cordish intends to master plan and develop a mixed-use entertainment and hospitality destination on unused land adjacent to the pompano casino and racetrack. the anticipated costs and construction periods for development and construction projects are based upon budgets, conceptual design documents and construction schedule estimates prepared by us or, in the case of pompano, our joint venture partner, in consultation with our architects, all of which are subject to assumptions that may be subject to change based on unforeseen circumstances. development and construction projects entail significant risks, which can substantially increase costs or delay completion of a project. such risks include shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental or geological problems, work stoppages, weather interference and unanticipated cost increases. most of these factors are beyond our control. in addition, difficulties or delays in obtaining any of the requisite entitlements, licenses, permits or authorizations from regulatory authorities can increase the cost or delay the completion of an expansion or development. significant budget overruns or delays with respect to expansion and development projects could adversely affect our results of operations.
our planned capital expenditures may not result in our expected improvements in our business.
we regularly expend capital to construct, maintain and renovate our properties to remain competitive, maintain the value and brand standards of our properties and comply with applicable laws and regulations. our ability to realize the expected returns on our capital investments is dependent on a number of factors, including general economic conditions; changes to construction plans and specifications; delays in obtaining or inability to obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals; disputes with contractors; disruptions to our business caused by construction; and other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases.
while we believe that the overall budgets for our planned capital expenditures are reasonable, these costs are estimates and the actual costs may be higher than expected. in addition, we can provide no assurance that these investments will be sufficient or that we will realize our expected returns on our capital investments, or any returns at all. a failure to realize our expected returns on capital investments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets, which could negatively affect our operating results.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $2.0 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. we perform annual impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of october 1 of each fiscal year, or on an interim basis if indicators of impairment exist. for properties with goodwill and/or other intangible assets with indefinite lives, these tests could require the comparison of the implied fair value of each reporting unit to carrying value.
23
as a result of the sale of certain non-operating real property located in pennsylvania, the company recognized an impairment charge of $1.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2019.
during the third quarter of 2018, as a result of the announced sale to churchill downs incorporated combined with the classification of vicksburg's operations as assets held for sale, an impairment charge totaling $9.8 million was recorded due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds. the impairment reduced the value of goodwill. additionally, in conjunction with the agreement to sell our rights and obligations to operate nemacolin, an impairment charge totaling $3.8 million was recorded in 2018 due to the carrying value of the property and equipment being sold exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds.
during the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded an impairment charge totaling $38.0 million to reduce the carrying value of goodwill and/or trade names related to our lake charles, lula and vicksburg reporting units.
we must make various assumptions and estimates in performing our impairment testing. our qualitative assessments including assumptions regarding market and industry conditions and our financial performance. our quantitative assessment relies on estimates of future cash flows that are based on reasonable and supportable assumptions which represent our best estimates of the cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets including their eventual disposition and by a market approach based upon valuation multiples for similar companies. changes in estimates or market conditions, increases in our cost of capital, reductions in transaction multiples, operating and capital expenditure assumptions or application of alternative assumptions and definitions, could produce significantly different results.
we also evaluate long-lived assets for impairment if indicators of impairment exist. in assessing the recoverability of the carrying value of such property, equipment and other long-lived assets, we make assumptions regarding future cash flows and residual values.
future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective and actual results may differ materially from our estimates. if our ongoing estimates of future cash flows are not met, we may have to record additional impairment charges in future accounting periods. our estimates of cash flows are based on the current regulatory, social and economic climates, recent operating information and budgets and current operating plans of the various properties where we conduct operations. these estimates could be negatively impacted by changes in federal, state or local regulations, economic downturns, internal operating decisions or other events affecting various forms of travel and access to our properties.
risks related to the caesars acquisition the merger agreement subjects us to restrictions on our business activities during the pendency of the merger.
the merger agreement subjects us to restrictions on our business activities and obligates us to generally operate our businesses in the ordinary course in all material respects during the pendency of the merger absent caesars' prior written consent.  these restrictions could prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities or responding effectively to competitive pressures and industry developments that arise prior to the consummation of the merger or termination of the merger agreement and are outside the ordinary course of business.  in particular, the merger agreement restricts us from making certain acquisitions and dispositions and taking other specified actions absent caesars' prior written consent. if we are unable to take actions we believe are beneficial, such restrictions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
delay or failure to consummate the merger would prevent the company from realizing the anticipated benefits of the merger and the company would also remain liable for significant transaction costs.
any delay in consummating the merger may increase the cash portion of the merger consideration and adversely impact the combined company's ability to realize synergies and other benefits that are anticipated if the merger is consummated within the expected timeframe.  in particular, if the applicable closing conditions set forth in the merger agreement are not satisfied by march 25, 2020, the amount of cash payable by us as merger consideration per share of caesars common stock will increase by $0.003333 for each day from march 25, 2020 until the closing date of the merger.  in addition, the market price of our common stock may reflect various market assumptions as to whether and when the merger will be consummated.  consequently, the failure to consummate, or any delay in the consummation of, the merger could result in significant changes in the market price of our common stock.  in addition, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs relating to the merger, such as debt commitment, ticking, legal, accounting, financial advisor and other fees, and, to the extent that the debt financing (as defined herein) is incurred prior to consummation of the merger, interest expense, in each case, that may increase in the event that the consummation of the merger is delayed and will be payable in
24
the event that the merger is not consummated.  for example, we may elect to issue all or a portion of the debt financing (other than the commitments for our new revolving credit facility or 364-day secured bridge facility) into escrow pending consummation of the merger and satisfaction of the other closing conditions,  and, pursuant to the amended and restated commitment letter (as amended, the "a&r commitment letter")  and the related fee letters for the merger financing and subject to the conditions set forth therein, the lenders have the right to require us (or our unrestricted subsidiary) to issue all or a portion of the debt financing (other than the commitments for our new revolving credit facility or 364-day secured bridge facility) into escrow pending consummation of the merger and satisfaction of the other closing conditions if it has not otherwise closed prior to march 31, 2020. issuance of all or any portion of the debt financing prior to the closing of the merger would cause us to incur additional interest expense prior to consummation of the merger, which may result in significant additional cost to us. moreover, if the merger agreement is terminated in certain circumstances, we will be obligated to pay a termination fee to caesars of approximately $836.8 million.  further, in the event the mta is terminated because the merger agreement is terminated, we are required to pay vici a fee of $75.0 million pursuant to the terms of the mta.
whether or not the merger is consummated, the pendency of the merger could cause disruptions in our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the pendency of the merger could cause disruptions in our business, including the following:
•   our current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company following the merger or consider other employment alternatives, which might adversely affect our ability to retain or attract key managers and other employees, and current employees of ours may lose productivity as a result of such uncertainty;

•   our current and prospective customers may anticipate changes in how they are served or the benefits offered by our loyalty reward programs and may, as a result, choose to discontinue their patronage;

•   current and prospective suppliers or other business relations of ours may delay or defer certain business decisions or may seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationship or key commercial agreements with us, or not to establish a relationship with us, as a result of the merger; and

•   the attention of our management and key employees may be diverted from the operation of our business toward the consummation of the merger.

if any of these disruptions were to occur, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operation.
obtaining required approvals and satisfying closing conditions may delay or prevent consummation of the merger.
consummation of the merger is subject to various closing conditions, including, among others, (i) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the hsr act and receipt of required gaming approvals, (ii) the absence of any governmental order or law prohibiting the consummation of the merger, (iii) adoption of the merger agreement by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of caesars common stock entitled to vote, (iv) the approval by our stockholders of the issuance of shares of our common stock in the merger (the "share issuance"), (v) the effectiveness of the registration statement for our common stock to be issued in the merger and the authorization for listing of those shares on the nasdaq stock market, (vi) absence of a material adverse effect on the other party, (vii) the accuracy of the other party's representations and warranties, subject to customary materiality standards, (viii) compliance of the other party with its respective covenants under the merger agreement in all material respects and (ix) conversion or certain amendments of, or another mutually agreed arrangement with respect to, caesars' 5.00% convertible senior notes due 2024.  the caesars stockholders approved the merger agreement and our stockholders approved the share issuance at separate stockholder meetings held on november 15, 2019, and the amendments to the caesars 5% convertible senior notes due 2024 have been approved.
if the remaining conditions are not satisfied, the merger will not be consummated unless such conditions are validly waived.  such conditions may jeopardize or delay consummation of the merger or may reduce the anticipated benefits of the merger.  further, no assurance can be given that the required approvals will be obtained or that the conditions to closing will be satisfied.  even if all such approvals are obtained, no assurance can be given as to the terms, conditions and timing of such approvals or that they will satisfy the terms of the merger agreement.  if the merger is not consummated by june 24, 2020 (as may be extended to a date no later than december 24, 2020 upon satisfaction of certain conditions to extension set forth in the merger agreement), either we or caesars may terminate the merger agreement, and under certain circumstances as set forth in the merger agreement, we may be required to pay caesars a termination fee as a result of such termination.
25
the merger is subject to the receipt of governmental approvals that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us or, if not obtained, could prevent consummation of the merger or, in some circumstances, require us to pay caesars a termination fee of approximately $836.8 million.
consummation of the merger is conditioned upon the receipt of certain governmental approvals, including, without limitation, antitrust and gaming regulatory approvals.  although we and caesars have each agreed to use our reasonable best efforts to obtain the requisite governmental approvals, there can be no assurance that these approvals will be obtained and that the other conditions to consummating the merger will be satisfied.  in addition, the governmental authorities from which the regulatory approvals are required may impose conditions on the consummation of the merger, including requirements to divest properties, or require changes to the terms of the merger agreement or other agreements to be entered into in connection with the merger agreement.  such conditions or changes and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying or impeding consummation of the merger, imposing additional costs or limitations on us following consummation of the merger or materially limiting the revenue of the combined company after the consummation of the merger, any of which might reduce the anticipated benefits to us of the merger or have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  in addition, if the merger agreement is terminated (i) due to a law or order relating to gaming or antitrust laws that prohibits or permanently enjoins the consummation of the merger, (ii) because the required regulatory approvals were not obtained prior to june 24, 2020 (as may be extended to a date no later than december 24, 2020 upon satisfaction of certain conditions to extension set forth in the merger agreement) or (iii) due to us willfully and materially breaching certain obligations with respect to the actions required to be taken by us to obtain required antitrust approvals, we will be required to pay caesars a termination fee of approximately $836.8 million.
antitrust approvals that are required to consummate the merger may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions, including the requirement to divest assets, that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the merger.
under the provisions of the hsr act, the merger may not be consummated until filings are made with the antitrust division of the doj and the ftc and the expiration of a 30-calendar day waiting period, or the early termination of that waiting period, following the parties' filings.  we and caesars filed our respective notification and report forms under the hsr act on july 16, 2019.  on august 15, 2019, we withdrew our notification and report form and re-filed the same on august 19, 2019, which began a new 30-day waiting period. on september 18, 2019, each of we and caesars received a request for additional information and documentary material (a "second request") from the ftc in connection with the ftc's review of the merger, which extends the waiting period until 30 days after both parties have substantially complied with the second request, unless the ftc early terminates the additional waiting period or the parties otherwise agree not to consummate the merger for a period of time after substantial compliance. we and caesars are working with the ftc to complete its investigation as soon as practicable.
in addition, private parties who may be adversely affected by the merger and individual states may bring legal actions under the antitrust laws in certain circumstances.  although we and caesars believe the consummation of the merger will not likely be prevented by antitrust laws, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if a challenge is made, what the result will be.  under the merger agreement, we and caesars have agreed to use our reasonable best efforts to obtain all regulatory clearances necessary to consummate the merger at the earliest practicable date.
in addition, in order to consummate the merger, we and caesars may be required to comply with conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions imposed by antitrust, gaming and other regulatory entities, including divestitures, and such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions may have the effect of delaying consummation of the merger, imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenue of the combined company after the consummation of the merger, or otherwise reducing the anticipated benefits to us of the merger.  such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions may result in the delay or abandonment of the merger.
gaming regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or cannot be met.
consummation of the merger is conditioned on the receipt of approvals from a number of gaming regulatory authorities, including, among others, the ak chin community tribal gaming commission, the arizona department of gaming, the cherokee tribal gaming commission, the colorado division of gaming, the illinois gaming board, the indiana gaming commission, the indiana horse racing commission, the iowa racing and gaming commission, the kentucky horse racing commission, the louisiana gaming control board, the louisiana state racing commission, the maryland lottery and gaming control agency, the mississippi gaming commission, the missouri gaming commission, the national indian gaming commission, the nevada gaming commission, the new jersey casino control commission, the new jersey division of gaming enforcement, the pennsylvania gaming control board, the pennsylvania state horse racing
26
commission, the ohio lottery commission, the gauteng gambling board (south africa), the alcohol and gaming commission of ontario, the ministry of culture, sports and tourism (korea) and the gambling commission (united kingdom).  in some instances, these approvals include findings of suitability for our officers and continuing members of our board of directors. these approvals and findings may not be received at all, may not be received in a timely fashion and/or may contain conditions on the consummation of the merger.  in addition, these regulatory bodies may impose conditions on the granting of such approvals and findings, including a requirement to divest properties. such conditions and the process of obtaining such regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying or impeding consummation of the merger, imposing additional costs or limitations on us following consummation of the merger or materially limiting the revenue of the combined company after the consummation of the merger, any of which might reduce the anticipated benefits to us of the merger or have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, to the extent any officer of ours is found unsuitable, we would need to find a replacement, which may take time and could adversely impact our financial and operational performance, including our ability to successfully consummate the merger and integrate caesars into the company. any such finding of unsuitability by regulatory authorities and resulting resignation or removal of an officer of ours could also impact the governance structure of the combined company following the merger.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the financing in connection with the merger, including, without limitation, the proceeds from the transactions with vici contemplated by the mta, and the transactions contemplated by the a&r commitment letter on acceptable terms, in a timely manner, or at all.
we intend to finance at least a portion of the cash required in connection with the merger, including expenses in connection with the merger, with the debt financing in accordance with the a&r commitment letter. the a&r commitment letter provides for funding to (i) us of (a) a $1,000.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, (b) a $3,000.0 million senior secured term loan b facility, (c) a $3,250.0 million senior secured 364-day bridge facility and (d) a $1,800.0 million senior unsecured bridge loan facility and (ii) caesars resort collection, llc, a subsidiary of caesars, of a $2,400.0 million senior secured incremental term loan b facility (collectively, the "debt financing"). the senior secured 364-day bridge facility will only be funded in accordance with the a&r commitment letter to the extent that the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales and certain transactions contemplated with vici as described in the next succeeding paragraph are not available on the closing date of the merger to be applied to finance the merger and expenses in connection therewith.  in addition to the debt financing, we also entered into letter agreements with certain financial institutions which additional letter agreements provide (i) for commitments from such financial institutions to provide additional revolving credit facility commitments for us and (ii) the engagement of such financial institutions to act as arrangers for additional debt financing, in each case, in the event we elect to refinance certain existing indebtedness of caesars resort collection, llc and its subsidiaries and for working capital and general corporate purposes upon the consummation of the merger. additionally, we may continue to evaluate alternative financing structures and amounts based on our needs and capital markets conditions. the proceeds of the debt financing may be used (a) to pay all or a portion of the cash portion of the merger consideration, (b) to refinance all of our existing syndicated bank credit facilities and outstanding senior notes, (c) to refinance certain of caesars' and its subsidiaries' existing debt, (d) to pay transaction fees and expenses related to the merger and related transactions and/or (e) for working capital and general corporate purposes. the availability of the borrowings under the debt financing is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions, including the substantially concurrent consummation of the merger.  in the event some or all of the financing contemplated by the a&r commitment letter is not available, we are obligated to use our reasonable best efforts to obtain alternative financing from alternative institutions in an amount at least equal to the amount of such unavailable portion of the financing contemplated by the a&r commitment letter and in an amount sufficient to enable us to consummate the merger.
in connection with the execution of the merger agreement and the initial commitment letter, we entered into the mta with vici.  we intend to finance at least a portion of the cash required in connection with the merger with the proceeds of transactions that are subject to the mta, including approximately $1.8 billion of proceeds from the expected sale leaseback of certain properties expected to be acquired upon consummation of the merger, including harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's atlantic city (or, under certain circumstances, if necessary, certain replacement properties specified in the mta), and approximately $1.4 billion of proceeds expected to be received in consideration of the amendment of certain existing leases between subsidiaries of caesars and vici. pursuant to the mta, we have agreed, among other things and subject to the consummation of the merger and the other applicable conditions set forth therein and in any related documents, to (i) through one or more of our subsidiaries (after giving effect to the merger) to consummate one or more sale and leaseback transactions with vici and/or its affiliates with respect to certain property described in the mta, including harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's atlantic city, (ii) through one or more of our subsidiaries (after giving effect to the merger) to amend the cplv lease, the non-cplv lease and the joliet lease (each as defined in the mta) in accordance with the terms of the mta and receive certain consideration from vici or its affiliates in respect thereof, (iii) to provide a guaranty in respect of each of the cplv lease, the non-cplv lease and the joliet lease in accordance with the terms of the mta, (iv) to enter into (or cause our subsidiaries (after giving effect to the merger) to enter
27
into) certain right of first refusal agreements and a put-call right agreement in accordance with the terms of the mta and (v) to undertake certain related transactions in connection with or related to the foregoing.  consummation of the transactions contemplated by the mta is subject to satisfaction of those obligations and certain other conditions, including execution of agreements, receipt of required regulatory approvals, the accuracy of the representations and warranties, compliance with covenants, delivery of certain closing deliverables and the absence of any governmental order or action seeking to prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the mta.  we are currently negotiating the sale leaseback documents, lease amendments and other agreements contemplated by the mta and cannot assure you as to the timing or outcome of those negotiations with vici.  although we expect the transactions contemplated by the mta to be consummated substantially concurrently with the merger, there can be no assurance as to the timing of the closing of such transactions or that the closings will occur on the terms set forth in the mta or at all.  in the event that the closings of some or all of the transactions contemplated by the mta are delayed or do not occur, we may be required to incur the 364-day secured bridge facility under the debt financing or other additional indebtedness to pay the cash portion of the merger consideration, repay our, and certain of caesars' and its subsidiaries', outstanding debt and/or pay transaction fees and expenses related thereto, which could have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined company following the merger.
the consummation of the merger is not conditioned on our ability to obtain financing or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the mta.  if we are unable to obtain funding contemplated by the a&r commitment letter from our financing sources for the cash required in connection with the merger, we may be compelled to specifically perform our obligations to consummate the merger or could otherwise be subject to claims under the merger agreement, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the company.
litigation challenging the merger could delay or prevent the consummation of the merger.
one of the conditions to the merger is that no law, statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, ruling, subpoena, order, writ, injunction, decree, judgment, ruling, determination, directive, award or settlement issued by a governmental entity (including any gaming authority) shall have been adopted, promulgated or issued that would prohibit, restrain, enjoin or render unlawful the consummation of the merger or the share issuance.  eight complaints have been filed challenging the merger. seven of the complaints generally assert claims under sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the exchange act challenging the adequacy of certain disclosures made in the version of this joint proxy statement/prospectus filed with the sec on september 3, 2019. those complaints seek, among other relief, an injunction preventing consummation of the merger, damages in the event that the merger is consummated and attorneys' fees. the eighth complaint, filed in nevada state court, asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty by, among other things, approving the merger at an unfair price and disseminating materially misleading information in connection with the merger. the parties to the litigation have an agreement in principle to settle the claims. however, there can be no assurances that the claims will be settled on the expected terms or at all. there can be no assurance that additional claims will not be filed by our stockholders, or stockholders of caesars, seeking damages relating to, or otherwise challenging, the merger.  if the plaintiffs in any such action secure injunctive or other relief prohibiting, delaying or otherwise adversely affecting ours and caesars' ability to consummate the merger, then such injunctive or other relief may prevent the merger from becoming effective within the expected time frame or at all.  if consummation of the merger is prevented or delayed, it could result in substantial costs to us.  in addition, whether or not any plaintiff's claim is successful, we could incur significant costs in connection with any such litigation, including costs associated with the indemnification of ours and caesars' directors and officers, and the attention and resources of the respective management of ours and caesars could be diverted from the consummation of the merger and ongoing business activities, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the merger agreement contains provisions that limit our ability to pursue alternatives to the merger, could discourage a potential competing acquiror of ours from making a favorable alternative transaction proposal and, in specified circumstances, could require us to pay caesars a termination fee.
the merger agreement contains certain provisions that restrict our ability to solicit, initiate, knowingly facilitate or knowingly encourage any inquiries regarding, or the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a competing proposal, engage, continue or otherwise participate in any substantive discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish any non-public information to any person in connection with or for the purpose of encouraging or facilitating, a competing proposal.
these provisions could discourage a potential third-party acquiror or merger partner that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant portion of the company or pursuing an alternative transaction with the company from considering or proposing such a transaction.
28
if the merger is not consummated, the price of our common stock and our future businesses and operations could be harmed.
if the merger is not consummated, we will not have realized any of the potential benefits of the merger having been consummated and may be subject to material risks, including:
•   failure to consummate the merger may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community;

•   the diversion of management attention from day-to-day business and the unavoidable disruption to our employees and relationships with customers, vendors, joint venture partners and other third parties as a result of efforts and uncertainties relating to the merger may detract from our ability to grow revenue and minimize costs, which, in turn, may lead to a loss of market position that we could be unable to regain if the merger does not occur;

•   under the merger agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to consummating the merger, which may affect our ability to execute certain of our business strategies or respond effectively to competitive pressures and industry developments; and

•   in certain circumstances, we may be required to pay a termination fee of approximately $836.8 million to caesars;

•   we may be required to pay a $75.0 million termination fee to vici pursuant to the terms of the mta if the mta is terminated as a result of the termination of the merger agreement;

•   if our board of directors seeks an alternative transaction to the merger, a potential third-party acquiror or merger partner may propose to pay a lower price to our stockholders as a result of the applicable termination fee and expense reimbursement;

•   the price of our common stock may decline to the extent that the current market price of our common stock reflects a higher price than it otherwise would have based on the assumption that the merger will be consummated;

•   we would have incurred significant expenses relating to the merger that we may be unable to recover; and

•   we may be subject to litigation related to the failure to consummate the merger or to perform our obligations under the merger agreement.

the integration of the company and caesars following the merger may present significant challenges.  we cannot be sure that we will be able to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger in the anticipated time frame or at all.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate caesars' businesses into the company in the anticipated time frame or at all.  we may face significant challenges in combining caesars' operations into our operations in a timely and efficient manner.  the combination of two independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process.  as a result, we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of caesars into those of the company.  the integration process may disrupt the businesses and, if implemented ineffectively or inefficiently, would preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us and caesars.  the failure to successfully integrate caesars into the company and to manage the challenges presented by the integration process successfully may result in an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the business of the company, which may have the effect of depressing the market price of our common stock following the merger.
we may be unable to realize anticipated synergies or may incur additional costs.
we expect to realize cost synergies and savings from the elimination of overlapping functions of caesars and the company, reduction of third party professional services and consulting expenses, and other targeted efficiencies. we further anticipate to benefit from revenue synergies. however, we will be required to incur costs, including severance and related expenses, to realize the anticipated synergies. in addition, the amount of synergies realized after consummation of the merger may be reduced from anticipated levels as a result of cost reduction programs that have been implemented, or may be implemented, by caesars prior to consummation of the merger, including caesars' previously announced cost saving initiatives which caesars expects to result in annualized cost savings of at least $75 million.  while our management believes the combined company will benefit from synergies, we may be unable to realize all of these synergies within the time frame expected or at all.  in addition, we may incur additional or unexpected costs in order to realize these synergies.
29
unanticipated costs relating to the merger could reduce our future earnings per share.
we believe that we have reasonably estimated the likely incremental costs of the combined operations of the company and caesars following the merger.  however, it is possible that unexpected transaction costs such as taxes, fees or professional expenses or unexpected future operating expenses such as unanticipated costs to integrate the two businesses or increased personnel costs, as well as other types of unanticipated adverse developments, could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined company following the merger.  in addition, if actual costs are materially different than expected costs, the merger could have a significant dilutive effect on our earnings.
we will have a substantial amount of debt outstanding following the merger and may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could restrict our ability to pay dividends and fund working capital and planned capital expenditures.
we expect to enter into the debt financing in order to consummate the merger and refinance our existing syndicated bank credit facilities and senior notes, and a portion of caesars' and its subsidiaries' outstanding indebtedness will remain outstanding following the consummation of the merger.  as a result, we will have a significant amount of additional indebtedness outstanding following the consummation of the merger.  in addition, we expect to have the ability to incur additional debt under our anticipated $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and caesars resorts collection, llc's existing $1.0 billion revolving credit facility.  we also continually evaluate alternative financing structures and amounts based on our needs and capital markets conditions.  we may be required to incur indebtedness under the 364-day secured bridge facility provided under the debt financing or other additional indebtedness to finance the merger consideration if the transactions contemplated by the mta or the previously announced sales of certain of our properties are not consummated prior to or in connection with the consummation of the merger.  this amount of leverage could have important consequences, including:
•   we may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, which will reduce funds available for operations, future business opportunities and dividends;

•   we may have limited flexibility to react to changes in our business and our industry;

•   it may be more difficult for us to satisfy our other obligations;

•   we may have a limited ability to borrow additional funds or to sell assets to raise funds if needed for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes;

•   we may become more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and changes in interest rates, including changes in interest rates resulting from the expected discontinuation of libor; and

•   we may be at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt.

future interest expense will be significantly higher than historic interest expense as a result of higher levels of indebtedness incurred to consummate the merger.  our ability to make payments on our debt and potential to pay dividends on our common stock, which we have not historically done, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which will depend on many factors beyond our control.  we cannot assure you that:
•   our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service and repay our debt, pay dividends on our common stock and fund working capital and planned capital expenditures;

•   future borrowings will be available under our credit facilities or any future credit facilities in an amount sufficient to enable it to repay our debt, pay dividends on our common stock and fund working capital and planned capital expenditures; or

•   it will be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms or at all.

if we cannot generate sufficient cash from our operations to meet our debt service obligations, we may need to reduce or delay capital expenditures, the development of our business generally and any acquisitions.  if we become unable to meet our debt service and repayment obligations (or those of our subsidiaries following the merger), we (or our applicable subsidiaries) would be in default under the terms of the applicable credit agreement or indenture, which would allow our lenders or noteholders to declare all outstanding indebtedness thereunder to be due and payable and terminate any commitments to lend thereunder.  if the amounts outstanding under our (or our subsidiaries') credit facilities or indentures were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our (or our subsidiaries') assets would be sufficient to repay in full the money owed.
30
following consummation of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the mta, we and our subsidiaries will be required to pay a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to third parties pursuant to leasing and related arrangements.
the company and caesars currently lease certain parcels of land on which several of their respective properties are located and, pursuant to the terms of mta, are expected to enter into leases with vici with respect to parcels of land on which harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's atlantic city are located and will increase the lease rate on an existing lease agreement between a subsidiary of caesars and vici, which will require our subsidiaries that are parties to such leases to apply a significant amount of their cash flow to required rental payments. these leases also are expected to require certain levels of capital expenditures to be made on the properties leased under these leases on an ongoing basis.  as a result of the obligation to pay rent and make capital expenditures under the new and existing leases, the ability of the combined company to fund its operations or development projects, raise capital, make acquisitions and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes may be adversely affected.  for example, the obligations under these lease agreements may:
•   make it more difficult for the combined company to satisfy its obligations with respect to its (or its subsidiaries') indebtedness and to obtain additional indebtedness;

•   increase vulnerability to general or regional adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in the combined company's business;

•   require the combined company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to making lease payments and capital expenditures associated with the leased assets, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures associated with non-leased assets and other general corporate purposes and acquisitions;

•   limit flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the combined company's business and the industry in which it operates; and

•   restrict the combined company's ability to raise capital, make acquisitions and divestitures and engage in other significant transactions.

in addition, the annual rent escalations under these lease agreements will continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the properties that are subject to these lease agreements. accordingly, if the cash flows generated by such properties decrease, or do not increase at the same rate as the rent escalations, the rents payable under these lease agreements could comprise a higher percentage of the cash flows generated by the applicable entity, which could exacerbate, perhaps materially, the issues described above.  any of the above listed factors could have an adverse effect on the combined company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
moreover, if the combined company were to default on any one or more of these lease agreements, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the land leased under the affected leases and any improvements on that land, including the hotels and casinos. a termination of these lease agreements could result in a default under the company's (or its subsidiaries') applicable credit agreements, which would allow its lenders to declare all outstanding borrowings to be due and payable and terminate any commitments thereunder, and could have a material adverse effect on the combined company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the guaranties to be entered into by us in connection with the existing and new leases with vici will include covenants that may restrict our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our shares following the merger.
we will guaranty the obligations of our subsidiaries under the existing and new leases with vici pursuant to which our subsidiaries will lease certain parcels of land on which several of their respective properties are located.  these guaranties will include covenants, which, among other things, may restrict our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our shares if our market capitalization is less than $5.5 billion, and may restrict our ability to make non-cash dividends, in each case, following the merger.
31
delay or failure to consummate the sale of our properties previously announced by us may require us to incur additional debt to pay the cash portion of the merger consideration or to repay our outstanding indebtedness or otherwise adversely impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined company following the merger.
on july 10, 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell isle of capri casino kansas city and lady luck casino vicksburg for aggregate consideration of $230.0 million, subject to certain adjustments.  the consummation of the transaction is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals, the accuracy of the parties' representations and warranties, compliance with covenants, delivery of certain closing deliverables and the absence of any governmental order or action seeking to prohibit the consummation of the transaction.  although we expect such sale transaction to be consummated prior to consummation of the merger, there can be no assurance as to the timing of the closing of such sales or that the closings will occur on the terms set forth in the purchase agreements relating to the sales, or at all.  in the event that the closing of either sale is delayed or does not occur, we may be required to incur the 364-day secured bridge facility under the debt financing or other additional indebtedness to pay the cash portion of the merger consideration, to repay our, and certain of caesars' and its subsidiaries', outstanding debt and/or to pay transaction fees and expenses related thereto, which could adversely impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined company following the merger.
on september 26, 2019, eri and vici entered into the real estate purchase agreements for the sale of harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's atlantic city for aggregate consideration of approximately $1.8 billion, subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals.  in the event that the closing of any of the sales is delayed or does not occur within a certain timeframe, we may be required to incur the 364-day secured bridge facility under the debt financing or other additional indebtedness to pay the cash portion of the merger consideration, to repay our, and certain of caesars' and its subsidiaries, outstanding debt and/or to pay transaction fees and expenses related thereto, which could adversely impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined company following the merger.
on january 13, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell eldorado resort casino shreveport for cash consideration of approximately $230 million, subject to certain adjustments.  the consummation of the transaction is subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals, the prior or concurrent closing of the merger and other customary conditions.
a substantial amount of caesars' net operating loss carryforwards may be used as a result of transactions relating to the merger, and eri's ability to use any remaining net operating loss carryforwards may become limited as a result of the merger.
as of december 31, 2018, caesars reported approximately $2.6 billion of net operating loss ("nol") carryforwards for u.s. federal income tax purposes. certain transactions relating to the merger will give rise to taxable income for caesars and, depending on the tax treatment of certain of those transactions, such taxable income may be substantial. while we expect that any such taxable income would be offset by the nol carryforwards, if taxable income is greater than expected, the associated reduction in caesars' nol carryforwards may result in the u.s. federal income taxes payable by the combined company following the merger being greater than expected. additionally, under section 382 of the code, if a corporation undergoes an "ownership change," the corporation's ability to use its pre-change nols (and certain other tax attributes) to offset its post-change income may be limited. in the event the merger causes an ownership change with respect to caesars on the effective date of the merger, section 382 of the code would apply to limit eri's use of any nols remaining after the effective date of the merger. in addition, if there is an ownership change of caesars as a result of the merger and recently proposed regulations are applicable to that ownership change, the combined company's ability to utilize caesars' nols may be more severely limited than would be the case under existing rules.  if certain updates to the proposed regulations apply, it is not expected that the proposed regulations would be applicable to the merger.
32
risks related to our capital structure and equity ownership our obligations under our indebtedness and master lease are significant.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $2.6 billion of total indebtedness outstanding consisting of $498.8 million outstanding under our term loan facility (the "term loan facility" or "term loan"), $600 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding 6.0% senior notes due 2026 (the "6% senior notes due 2026"), $875.0 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding 6.0% senior notes due 2025 (the "6% senior notes due 2025"), $375.0 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding 7.0% senior notes due 2023 (the "7% senior notes due 2023") and $246.0 million of principal outstanding under our loan to fund the $246 million purchase of the real estate underlying lumière ("lumière loan"). as of december 31, 2019, we had no outstanding balance under our $500.0 million revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility" and, together with the term loan, the "credit facility"). in addition, our annual rent payment under the master lease is at least $88.9 million and is subject to annual escalation.  these financial obligations may have important negative consequences for us, including:
•   limiting our ability to satisfy our obligations;

•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate;

•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt;

•   increasing our vulnerability to, and limiting our ability to react to, changing market conditions, changes in our industry and economic downturns;

•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service, acquisitions, general corporate or other obligations;

•   subjecting us to a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to pay dividends and distributions, make acquisitions and dispositions, borrow additional funds and make capital expenditures and other investments;

•   restricting our and our wholly-owned subsidiaries ability to make dividend payments and other payments;

•   limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a significant portion of these funds to make principal and/or interest payments on our outstanding debt;

•   exposing us to interest rate risk due to the variable interest rate on borrowings under our credit facility;

•   causing our failure to comply with the financial and restrictive covenants contained in our current or future indebtedness, which could cause a default under such indebtedness and which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us; and

•   affecting our ability to renew gaming and other licenses necessary to conduct our business.

in addition, the master lease requires us to make specific minimum investments in capital expenditures and, subject to certain caps, the rent escalations under the master lease will continue to apply regardless of the cash flows generated by the properties subject to the master lease and the obligations under the master lease are guaranteed by eri.  if the cash flows generated by the leased properties decrease, or do not increase at the same rate as the rent escalations, the rent payable under the master lease and required capital expenditures could constitute a higher percentage of cash flows generated by the leased properties, which could materially exacerbate the consequences described above.
33
our debt obligations will substantially increase following the merger and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could restrict our ability to pay dividends and fund working capital and planned capital expenditures.
we expect to enter into the debt financing in order to consummate the merger and refinance our existing syndicated bank credit facilities and senior notes, and a portion of caesars' and its subsidiaries' outstanding indebtedness will remain outstanding following the consummation of the merger.  as a result, we will have a significant amount of additional indebtedness outstanding following the consummation of the merger.  in addition, we expect to have the ability to incur additional debt under its anticipated $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and caesars resorts collection, llc's existing $1.0 billion revolving credit facility.  we also continually evaluate alternative financing structures and amounts based on our needs and capital markets conditions.  we may be required to incur indebtedness under the 364-day secured bridge facility provided under the debt financing or other additional indebtedness to finance the merger consideration if the transactions contemplated by the mta or the previously announced sales of certain of our properties are not consummated prior to or in connection with the consummation of the merger.  this amount of leverage could have important consequences, including:
•   we may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, which will reduce funds available for operations, future business opportunities and dividends;

•   we may have limited flexibility to react to changes in our business and our industry;

•   it may be more difficult for us to satisfy our other obligations;

•   we may have a limited ability to borrow additional funds or to sell assets to raise funds if needed for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes;

•   we may become more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and changes in interest rates, including changes in interest rates resulting from the expected discontinuation of libor; and

•   we may be at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt.

future interest expense will be significantly higher than historic interest expense as a result of higher levels of indebtedness incurred to consummate the merger.  our ability to make payments on our debt and potential to pay dividends on our common stock, which we have not historically done, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which will depend on many factors beyond our control.  we cannot assure you that:
•   our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service and repay our debt, pay dividends on our common stock and fund working capital and planned capital expenditures;

•   future borrowings will be available under our credit facilities or any future credit facilities in an amount sufficient to enable it to repay our debt, pay dividends on our common stock and fund working capital and planned capital expenditures; or

•   we will be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms or at all.

if we cannot generate sufficient cash from our operations to meet our debt service obligations, we may need to reduce or delay capital expenditures, the development of our business generally and any acquisitions.  if we become unable to meet our debt service and repayment obligations (or those of our subsidiaries following the merger), we (or our applicable subsidiaries) would be in default under the terms of the applicable credit agreement or indenture, which would allow our lenders or noteholders to declare all outstanding indebtedness thereunder to be due and payable and terminate any commitments to lend thereunder.  if the amounts outstanding under our (or our subsidiaries') credit facilities or indentures were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our (or our subsidiaries') assets would be sufficient to repay in full the money owed.
despite our current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still incur significant additional indebtedness. incurring more indebtedness could increase the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness, and may enter into financing obligations similar to the master lease in the future. as of december 31, 2019, we had $482.0 million of borrowing capacity, after consideration of $18.0 million in outstanding letters of credit, under our credit facility. our existing debt agreements currently permit, and we expect that agreements governing debt that we incur in the future will permit, us to incur certain other additional secured and unsecured debt. further, we may incur other liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. the risks that we face based on our outstanding indebtedness may intensify if we incur additional indebtedness or financing obligations in the future.
34
the libor calculation method may change and libor is expected to be phased out after 2021.
our credit facility calculates interest on the outstanding principal balance using libor. on july 27, 2017, the united kingdom financial conduct authority (the "fca") announced it would phase out libor as a benchmark by the end of 2021. in the meantime, actions by the fca, other regulators or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the method by which libor is calculated. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of any such changes or any other reforms to libor that may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and pay rent under the master lease and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to satisfy our rent obligations under the master lease and make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay rent under the master lease and the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service and rent obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service and rent obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service and rent obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. additionally, the agreements governing our existing debt restrict sales of assets and limit the use of the proceeds from any disposition and our master lease limits our ability to dispose of leased properties; as a result, we may not be allowed, under these documents, to dispose of certain of our properties and use proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy all current debt service obligations.
the agreements governing our debt and the master lease impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities.
the agreements governing our existing debt impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. these restrictions limit our ability, among other things, to:
•   incur additional debt;

•   create liens or other encumbrances;

•   pay dividends or make other restricted payments;

•   agree to payment restrictions affecting our restricted subsidiaries;

•   prepay subordinated indebtedness;

•   make investments, loans or other guarantees;

•   sell or otherwise dispose of a portion of our assets; or

•   make acquisitions or merge or consolidate with another entity.

in addition, the credit agreement governing the credit facility contains certain financial covenants, including minimum interest coverage ratio and maximum total leverage ratio covenants.
a failure to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the indebtedness and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if our indebtedness were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. moreover, in the event that such indebtedness is accelerated, there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance it on acceptable terms, or at all.
35
in addition, our master lease imposes restrictions on the business activities of the tenant, including restrictions on transfers of leased properties, requirements to make minimum specified levels of capital expenditures and limitations on the operation of the leased properties.  the master lease also restricts payments of dividends if the tenant does not meet the specified minimum adjusted revenue to rent ratio.
as a result of these covenants and restrictions, we are limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. the restrictions caused by such covenants could also place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors.
the market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly.
the u.s. securities markets in general have experienced significant price fluctuations in recent years. the market price of our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. in addition, the trading volume of our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. some of the factors that could cause fluctuations in, or have a material adverse effect on, the stock price or trading volume of our common stock include:
•   general market and economic conditions, including market conditions in the hotel and casino industries;

•   actual or expected variations in operating results;

•   differences between actual operating results and those expected by investors and analysts;

•   changes in recommendations by securities analysts;

•   operations and stock performance of competitors;

•   accounting charges, including charges relating to the impairment of goodwill;

•   significant acquisitions or strategic alliances by us or by competitors;

•   sales of our common stock or other securities in the future, including sales by our directors and officers or significant investors;

•   recruitment or departure of key personnel;

•   conditions and trends in the gaming and entertainment industries;

•   changes in the estimate of the future size and growth of our markets; and

•   changes in reserves for professional liability claims.

we cannot assure you that the stock price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. in addition, the stock market in general can experience considerable price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to our performance. if the market price of our common stock fluctuates significantly, we may become the subject of securities class action litigation which may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources.
we have not historically paid dividends and may not pay dividends in the future.
we do not currently expect to pay dividends on our common stock. any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon among other factors, our earnings, cash requirements, financial condition, requirements to comply with the covenants under our debt instruments, legal considerations, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. in addition, the agreements governing our indebtedness restrict its ability to pay dividends. if we do not pay dividends, then the return on an investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon any future appreciation in our stock price. there is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or maintain its value.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.

you should read the following discussion together with the financial statements, including the related notes and the other financial information, contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
eldorado resorts, inc., a nevada corporation, is referred to as the "company," "eri," or the "registrant," and together with its subsidiaries may also be referred to as "we," "us" or "our."
overview we are a geographically diversified gaming and hospitality company with 23 gaming facilities in 11 states as of december 31, 2019. our properties, which are located in ohio, louisiana, nevada, new jersey, colorado, florida, iowa, mississippi, illinois, indiana and missouri, feature approximately 23,900 slot machines and video lottery terminals ("vlts") and e-tables, approximately 660 table games and approximately 11,300 hotel rooms. our primary source of revenue is generated by gaming operations, and we utilize our hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment, racing, sportsbooks, retail shops and other services to attract customers to our properties.
we were founded in 1973 by the carano family with the opening of the eldorado hotel casino in reno, nevada. in 1993, we partnered with mgm resorts international to build silver legacy resort casino ("silver legacy"), the first mega-themed resort in reno. in 2005, we acquired our first property outside of reno when we purchased a casino in shreveport, louisiana, now known as eldorado shreveport. in september 2014, we merged with mtr gaming group, inc. and acquired its three gaming and racing facilities in ohio, pennsylvania and west virginia. the following year, in november 2015, we acquired circus circus reno ("circus reno") and the 50% membership interest in the silver legacy that was owned by mgm resorts international. on may 1, 2017, we completed our acquisition of isle of capri casinos, inc. ("isle" or "isle of capri"), adding 13 gaming properties to our portfolio. on august 7, 2018, we acquired the elgin riverboat resort - riverboat casino d/b/a grand victoria casino ("elgin") ("elgin acquisition"). on october 1, 2018, we completed our acquisition of tropicana entertainment, inc. ("tropicana"), adding seven properties to our portfolio (the "tropicana acquisition").
on january 11, 2019 and march 8, 2019, respectively, we completed our sales of presque isle downs & casino ("presque") and lady luck casino nemacolin ("nemacolin"), which are both located in pennsylvania. on december 6, 2019 we closed on our sales of mountaineer casino, racetrack and resort ("mountaineer"), isle casino cape girardeau ("cape girardeau") and lady luck casino caruthersville ("caruthersville"). mountaineer is located in west virginia and cape girardeau and caruthersville are located in missouri.
on june 24, 2019, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (as amended by amendment no. 1 to agreement and plan of merger, dated as of august 15, 2019, and as it may be further amended from time to time, the "merger agreement") with caesars entertainment corporation ("caesars") pursuant to which a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company will merge with and into caesars, with caesars surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company ("the merger"). in connection with the execution of the merger agreement, the company also entered into a master transaction agreement (the "mta") with vici properties l.p., a delaware limited partnership ("vici"), pursuant to which, among other things, the company has agreed to consummate one or more sale and leaseback transactions with vici and/or its affiliates with respect to certain property described in the mta. consummation of the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including anti-trust and regulatory approvals. the company expects that the merger will be consummated in the first half of 2020.
on july 10, 2019, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the equity interests of rainbow casino vicksburg partnership, l.p. and ioc-kansas city, l.l.c., the entities that hold lady luck casino vicksburg and isle of capri casino kansas city, to twin river worldwide holdings, inc. the definitive agreement provides that the consummation of the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals. the transaction is expected to be consummated in the first half of 2020. (see note 22).
on january 13, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell eldorado resort casino shreveport. the definitive agreement provides that the consummation of the sale is subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals, the prior or concurrent closing of the merger and other customary conditions. the transaction is expected to be consummated in 2020.
we own 18 of our casinos and lease five casinos that are subject to a master lease with glp capital, l.p., the operating partnership of gaming and leisure properties, inc. ("glpi"), that we entered into in connection with the tropicana acquisition on october 1, 2018 (the "master lease"). (see full description under "master lease").
43
acquisitions caesars entertainment on june 24, 2019, we entered into the merger agreement with caesars. on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, the aggregate consideration paid by the company in respect of outstanding shares of common stock of caesars will be (a) an amount of cash equal to (i) the sum of (a) $8.40 plus (b) if the applicable closing conditions set forth in the merger agreement are not satisfied by march 25, 2020, an amount equal to $0.003333 for each day from march 25, 2020 until the closing date of the merger, multiplied by (ii) a number of shares of caesars common stock equal to (a) 682,161,838 (which includes 8,271,660 shares being held in escrow trust to satisfy unsecured claims pursuant to the third amended joint plan of reorganization, filed with the u.s. bankruptcy court for the northern district of illinois in chicago on january 13, 2017, at docket no. 6318, which shares are not entitled to vote) plus (b) the number of shares of caesars common stock (the "aggregate caesars share amount") issued after june 24, 2019 and prior to the effective time of the merger pursuant to the exercise of certain equity awards issued under caesars stock plans or conversion of caesars' outstanding convertible notes and (b) a number of shares of eri common stock equal to 0.0899 multiplied by the aggregate caesars share amount (such amount per share of caesars common stock, the "merger consideration"). based on the number of shares of eri and caesars outstanding as of december 31, 2019, following the consummation of the merger (assuming that all caesars convertible notes are converted immediately following consummation of the merger into $8.40 in cash (plus any cash constituting merger consideration that may become payable after march 25, 2020) and 0.0899 shares of common stock of eldorado for each share of caesars common stock into which such caesars convertible notes were convertible immediately prior to the merger), eldorado stockholders and former caesars stockholders will hold approximately 50.5% and 49.5%, respectively, of the combined company's outstanding shares of common stock.
the merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties by each of caesars and eldorado, and each party has agreed to customary covenants.
the merger agreement also contains termination rights for each of caesars and eldorado under certain circumstances. if the merger agreement is terminated in certain circumstances relating to changes in the recommendation of the board of directors of caesars in favor of the merger, entry by caesars into an alternative transaction or in certain circumstances following the failure of caesars stockholders to approve the merger, caesars will be required to pay eldorado a termination fee of approximately $418.4 million. the merger agreement provides that if it is terminated in certain circumstances relating to changes in the recommendation of the board of directors of eldorado in favor of the issuance of shares of eldorado common stock in the merger or in certain circumstances following the failure of eldorado stockholders to approve such issuance, then eldorado will be required to pay caesars a termination fee of approximately $154.9 million. it also provides that each party will be obligated to reimburse the other party's expenses for an amount not to exceed $50.0 million if the merger agreement is terminated because of the failure to obtain the required approval of such party's stockholders (creditable against any termination fee that may subsequently be paid by such party). the merger agreement also provides that eldorado will be obligated to pay a termination fee of approximately $836.8 million to caesars if the merger agreement is terminated (i) due to a law or order relating to gaming or antitrust laws that prohibits or permanently enjoins the consummation of the transactions, (ii) because the required regulatory approvals were not obtained prior to june 24, 2020 (subject to extension to a date no later than december 24, 2020 pursuant to the merger agreement) or (iii) due to eldorado willfully and materially breaching certain obligations with respect to the actions required to be taken by eldorado to obtain required antitrust approvals.
consummation of the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including, among others, (1) the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended (the "hsr act"), and receipt of required gaming approvals, (2) the absence of any governmental order or law prohibiting the consummation of the merger, (3) adoption of the merger agreement by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of caesars common stock, (4) the approval of the issuance of shares of eldorado common stock in the merger, (5) the effectiveness of the registration statement for eldorado common stock to be issued in the merger and the authorization for listing of those shares on the nasdaq stock market, (6) absence of a material adverse effect on the other party, (7) the accuracy of the other party's representations and warranties, subject to customary materiality standards, (8) compliance of the other party with its respective covenants under the merger agreement in all material respects and (9) conversion or certain amendments of, or another mutually agreed arrangement with respect to, caesars' 5.00% convertible senior notes due 2024.  caesars' stockholders adopted the merger agreement, and the company's stockholders approved the issues of shares of eldorado common stock in the merger, at separate special meetings of stockholders on november 15, 2019.  in addition, on november 27, 2019, caesars entered into certain amendments with respect to caesars' 5.00% convertible senior notes due 2024.
44
in connection with execution of the merger agreement, on june 24, 2019, we entered into a debt financing commitment letter (the "initial commitment letter") and related fee letters with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., credit suisse ag, cayman islands branch, credit suisse loan funding llc, macquarie capital (usa) inc. and macquarie capital funding llc (the "initial commitment parties"). on july 19, 2019, the company entered into an amended and restated commitment letter (as amended, the "a&r commitment letter") and related fee letters, which amended and restated the initial commitment letter and related fee letters in their entirety to, among other things, add additional arrangers and lenders, including bank of america, n.a., bofa securities, inc., deutsche bank securities inc., deutsche bank ag new york branch, deutsche bank ag cayman islands branch, goldman sachs bank usa, suntrust bank, suntrust robinson humphrey, inc., u.s. bank national association, keybank national association, keybanc capital markets inc., fifth third bank, and citizens bank, national association (together with the initial commitment parties, collectively, the "commitment parties"). pursuant to the a&r commitment letter, the commitment parties committed to arrange and provide (i) the company with: (w) a $1,000.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, (x) a $3,000.0 million senior secured term loan b facility, (y) a $3,250.0 million senior secured 364-day bridge facility and (z) a $1,800.0 million senior unsecured bridge loan facility and (ii) caesars resort collection, llc, a subsidiary of caesars, with a $2,400.0 million senior secured incremental term loan b facility (collectively, the "debt financing"). the proceeds of the debt financing will be used (a) to pay all or a portion of the cash consideration payable in the merger, (b) to refinance all of our existing syndicated bank credit facilities and outstanding senior notes, (c) to refinance certain of caesars' and its subsidiaries' existing debt, (d) to pay transaction fees and expenses related to the merger and related transactions and (e) for working capital and general corporate purposes. the availability of the borrowings under the debt financing is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions including the substantially concurrent closing of the merger.
on july 19, 2019, the company entered into a commitment and engagement letter (as amended, the "increase commitment letter") and related fee letters to, if elected by the company, increase the total size of the debt financing, including an increase to the senior secured term loan b facility to be arranged on a commercially reasonable efforts basis by the commitment parties in an amount to be agreed upon by the parties and an increase to the revolving credit facility by $830.0 million, the proceeds of which, if the company elects to incur such financing, may be used to refinance certain existing indebtedness of caesars resort collection, llc and its subsidiaries and for working capital and general corporate purposes upon consummation of the merger. the increase commitment letter and a related engagement letter also contemplate the possibility of new senior secured and/or senior unsecured notes to be issued by the company.
in connection with the execution of the merger agreement, on june 24, 2019, we entered into a master transaction agreement (the "mta") with vici, pursuant to which, among other things, we have agreed, subject to the consummation of the merger and the other applicable conditions set forth therein and in any related documents, (i) through one or more of our subsidiaries (after giving effect to the merger) to consummate one or more sale and leaseback transactions with vici and/or its affiliates with respect to certain property described in the mta, including harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's atlantic city, (ii) through one or more of our subsidiaries (after giving effect to the merger) to amend the cplv lease, the non-cplv lease and the joliet lease (each as defined in the mta) in accordance with the terms of the mta and receive certain consideration from vici or its affiliates in respect thereof, (iii) to provide a guaranty in respect of each of the cplv lease, the non-cplv lease and the joliet lease in accordance with the terms of the mta, (iv) to enter into (or cause our subsidiaries (after giving effect to the merger) to enter into) certain right of first refusal agreements and a put-call right agreement in accordance with the terms of the mta and (v) to undertake certain related transactions in connection with or related to the foregoing.  we expect to apply the proceeds of the vici transactions to pay a portion of the cash consideration payable in the merger and transaction expenses associated with the merger and related transactions.
on september 26, 2019, the company and vici entered into definitive purchase and sale agreements to effect the purchase and sale of harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's atlantic city in connection with the transactions described in clause (i) of the preceding paragraph.
we expect that the merger and related transactions will be consummated in the first half of 2020.
tropicana entertainment inc.
on october 1, 2018, we acquired tropicana in a cash transaction valued at $1.9 billion. at the closing of the transaction tropicana became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. immediately prior to our acquisition, tropicana sold tropicana aruba resort and glp capital, l.p., a wholly-owned subsidiary of glpi, acquired substantially all of tropicana's real estate, other than the real estate underlying montbleu and lumière, for approximately $964 million. we acquired the real estate underlying lumière for $246 million with the proceeds of a $246 million loan from glpi. we funded the remaining consideration payable with our cash on hand and cash on hand at tropicana, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and proceeds from our offering of $600 million of 6.0% senior notes due 2026. in addition, our borrowing capacity on our revolving credit facility increased from $300.0 million to $500.0 million effective october 1, 2018, and the maturity of the revolving credit facility was extended to october 1, 2023.
45
substantially concurrently with the acquisition of the real estate portfolio by glpi, we entered into a triple net master lease for the tropicana properties acquired by glpi with an initial term of 15 years, with renewals of up to 20 years at our option ("master lease"). under the master lease, we are required to pay the following, among other things: lease payments to the underlying ground lessor for properties that are subject to ground leases, facility maintenance costs, all insurance premiums for insurance with respect to the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor and all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties). the initial annual rent under the terms of the lease was approximately $87.6 million and is subject to annual escalation. we do not have the ability to terminate the obligations under the master lease prior to its expiration without glpi's consent.
in connection with the purchase of the real estate related to lumière, glpi, tropicana st. louis re llc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours ("tropicana st. louis re"), and glpi entered into a loan agreement, dated as of october 1, 2018 (the "lumière loan"), relating to a loan of $246 million by glpi to tropicana st. louis re to fund the purchase price of the real estate underlying lumière. the lumière loan is guaranteed by us, bears interest at a rate equal to (i) 9.09% until october 1, 2019 and (ii) 9.27% thereafter and matures on october 1, 2020. the lumière loan was secured by a first priority mortgage on the lumière real estate that was released pursuant to its terms on october 1, 2019. in connection with the issuance of the lumière loan, we agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to transfer one or more of elgin, bettendorf, waterloo, lula, vicksburg and mountaineer or such other property or properties mutually acceptable to tropicana st. louis re and glpi, provided that the aggregate value of such property, individually or collectively, is at least $246 million (the "replacement property"), to glpi with a simultaneous leaseback to us of such replacement property.  in connection with such replacement property sale, (i) we and glpi will enter into an amendment to the master lease to revise the economic terms to include the replacement property, (ii) glpi, or one of its affiliates, will assume the lumière loan and tropicana st. louis re's obligations under the lumière loan in consideration of the acquisition of the replacement property and our tropicana st. louis re's obligations under the lumière loan will be deemed to have been satisfied and (iii) in the event the value of the replacement property is greater than the outstanding obligations of tropicana st. louis re under the lumière loan, glpi will pay tropicana st. louis re the difference between the value of the replacement property and the amount of outstanding obligations under the lumière loan. if such replacement property transaction is not consummated prior to the maturity date of the lumière loan, other than as a result of certain failures to perform by glpi, then the amounts outstanding will be paid in full and the rent under the master lease will automatically increase, subject to certain escalations.
grand victoria casino on august 7, 2018, we completed the acquisition of the grand victoria casino in elgin, illinois. we purchased elgin for $328.8 million, including a working capital adjustment totaling $1.3 million. the elgin acquisition was financed using cash on hand and borrowings under the company's revolving credit facility.
partnerships and development opportunities william hill in september 2018, we entered into a 25-year agreement, which became effective january 2019, with william hill plc and william hill us, its u.s. subsidiary (together, "william hill") pursuant to which we (i) granted to william hill the right to conduct betting activities in retail channels and under our first skin and third skin for online channels with respect to our current and future properties located in the united states and the territories and possessions of the united states, including puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands and (ii) agreed that william hill will have the right to conduct real money online gaming activities utilizing our second skin available with respect to properties in such territory.  pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we received a 20% ownership interest in william hill us valued at approximately $128.9 million as well as 13.4 million ordinary shares of william hill plc valued at approximately $27.3 million upon closing of the transaction in january 2019. the company's initial equity and the profit and losses attributable to william hill us are in included in income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates on the consolidated statements of income. the amortization of deferred revenues associated with the company's equity interests totaled $5.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, and is included in corporate and other revenues and operating income. additionally, we receive a profit share from the operations of betting and other gaming activities associated with the company's properties, which is included in other property revenues and operating income.
46
the stars group in november 2018, we entered into a 20-year agreement with the stars group inc. ("tsg") pursuant to which we agreed to provide tsg with options to obtain access to our second skin for online sports wagering and third skin for real money online gaming and poker, in each case with respect to our properties in the united states. under the terms of the agreement, we will receive a revenue share from the operation of the applicable verticals by tsg under our licenses. pursuant to the terms of the tsg agreement, we received 1.1 million tsg common shares valued at approximately $18.6 million and an additional $5.0 million in tsg common shares became payable to us upon tsg's exercise of its first option, which shares we received in the fourth quarter of 2019. in december 2019 we sold approximately 0.5 million of our tsg common shares at the request of william hill and in accordance with the terms of our william hill agreement. we may also receive additional tsg common shares in the future based on tsg net gaming revenue generated in our markets. upon the entry into the tsg agreement, the company also recorded deferred revenue associated with the shares received and recognized revenue of $1.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2019, which is included in corporate and other revenues and operating income.
pompano joint venture in april 2018, we entered into a joint venture with cordish companies ("cordish") to master plan and develop a mixed-use entertainment and hospitality destination expected to be located on unused land adjacent to the casino and racetrack at our pompano property.  as the managing member, cordish will operate the business and manage the development, construction, financing, marketing, leasing, maintenance and day-to-day operation of the various phases of the project. additionally, cordish will be responsible for the development of the master plan for the project with our input and will submit it for our review and approval. we and cordish have made cash contributions of $500,000 each and could be required to make additional contributions to a maximum of $2.0 million ($1.0 million per member) at the request of the managing member. we have agreed to contribute approximately 130 to 200 acres of land to the joint venture for the project. as of december 31, 2019, we have contributed approximately 23 acres to the joint venture at an approximate fair value of $6.6 million. while we hold a 50% variable interest in the joint venture, we are not the primary beneficiary; as such the investment in the joint venture is accounted for using the equity method. we participate evenly with cordish in the profits and losses of the joint venture, which is included in income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates on the consolidated statements of income.
divestitures churchill downs incorporated on february 28, 2018, we entered into definitive agreements to sell substantially all of the assets and liabilities of presque and vicksburg to churchill downs incorporated ("cdi"). under the terms of the agreements, cdi agreed to purchase presque for cash consideration of approximately $178.9 million and vicksburg for cash consideration of approximately $50.6 million, in each case subject to a customary working capital adjustment. in conjunction with the classification of vicksburg's operations as assets held for sale in 2018 as a result of the announced sale to cdi, an impairment charge totaling $9.8 million was recorded due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds.
the definitive agreements provided that the divestitures were subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals, termination of the waiting period under the hsr act and other customary closing conditions, including, in the case of presque, the prior closing of the sale of vicksburg or the entry into an agreement to acquire another asset of ours. on may 7, 2018, we and cdi each received a request for additional information and documentary materials, often referred to as a "second request," from the federal trade commission in connection with its review of the vicksburg acquisition.
on july 6, 2018, in consideration of the time and expense needed to reply to the second request, the company and cdi entered into a termination agreement and release pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate the asset purchase agreement with respect to vicksburg and to enter into an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which cdi would acquire and assume the rights and obligations to operate nemacolin (the "vicksburg termination agreement"). the vicksburg termination agreement also provided that cdi would pay us a $5.0 million termination fee upon execution of a definitive agreement with respect to the nemacolin transaction.  on august 10, 2018, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell substantially all of the assets and liabilities of nemacolin to cdi.  under the terms of the agreement, cdi agreed to purchase nemacolin for cash consideration of approximately $0.1 million, subject to a customary working capital adjustment.
as a result of the agreement to sell nemacolin, an impairment charge of $3.8 million was recorded in the third quarter of 2018 due to the carrying value of the net property and equipment being sold exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds.
47
we completed the sale of presque on january 11, 2019 and the sale of nemacolin on march 8, 2019.
century casinos, inc.
on june 17, 2019, the company entered into definitive agreements to sell the real property relating to mountaineer, cape girardeau, and caruthersville to vici for approximately $278 million and, immediately following the consummation of the sale such real property, sell all of the outstanding equity interests of mountaineer, caruthersville and cape girardeau to century casinos, inc. for approximately $107 million, subject to a finalized working capital adjustment. the sales were consummated on december 6, 2019.
prior to the closing date, the divestitures mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville met the requirements for presentation as assets held for sale under generally accepted accounting principles. however, they did not meet the requirements for presentation as discontinued operations. mountaineer was reported in the east segment and cape girardeau and caruthersville were reported in midwest segment.
twin river worldwide holdings, inc.
on july 10, 2019, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the equity interests of rainbow casino vicksburg partnership, l.p. and ioc-kansas city, l.l.c., the entities that hold lady luck casino vicksburg and isle of capri casino kansas city, to twin river worldwide holdings, inc. for cash consideration of approximately $230 million, subject to a working capital adjustment.
the definitive agreement provides that the consummation of the sale is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals. the transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2020.
vicksburg and kansas city met the requirements for presentation as assets held for sale under generally accepted accounting principles as of december 31, 2019. however, they did not meet the requirements for presentation as discontinued operations and are included in income from continuing operations.
maverick gaming llc.
on january 13, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell eldorado resort casino shreveport for cash consideration of approximately $230 million, subject to a working capital adjustment.
the definitive agreement provides that the consummation of the sale is subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals, the prior or concurrent closing of the merger and other customary conditions. the transaction is expected to close in 2020.
eldorado shreveport met the requirements for presentation as assets held for sale under generally accepted accounting principles subsequent to the year ended december 31, 2019. however, it did not meet the requirements for presentation as discontinued operations and will be included in income from continuing operations.
48
reportable segments the following table sets forth certain information regarding our properties (listed by segment in which each property is reported) as of december 31, 2019:
segment                              property                            date acquired       state

west          eldorado resort casino reno ("eldorado reno")               (a)               nevada silver legacy resort casino ("silver legacy")               (a)               nevada circus circus reno ("circus reno")                          (a)               nevada montbleu casino resort &amp; spa ("montbleu")               october 1, 2018   nevada tropicana laughlin hotel &amp; casino ("laughlin")          october 1, 2018   nevada isle casino hotel - blackhawk ("isle black hawk")           may 1, 2017       colorado lady luck casino - black hawk ("lady luck black hawk")      may 1, 2017       colorado midwest (b)   isle casino waterloo ("waterloo")                           may 1, 2017       iowa isle casino bettendorf ("bettendorf")                       may 1, 2017       iowa isle of capri casino boonville ("boonville")                may 1, 2017       missouri isle of capri casino kansas city ("kansas city")            may 1, 2017 (c)   missouri south         isle casino racing pompano park ("pompano")                 may 1, 2017       florida eldorado resort casino shreveport ("eldorado shreveport")   (a) (c)           louisiana isle of capri casino hotel lake charles ("lake charles")    may 1, 2017       louisiana belle of baton rouge casino &amp; hotel ("baton rouge")     october 1, 2018   louisiana isle of capri casino lula ("lula")                          may 1, 2017       mississippi lady luck casino vicksburg ("vicksburg")                    may 1, 2017 (c)   mississippi trop casino greenville ("greenville")                       october 1, 2018   mississippi east (b)      eldorado gaming scioto downs ("scioto downs")               (a)               ohio tropicana casino and resort, atlantic city ("trop ac")      october 1, 2018   new jersey central       grand victoria casino ("elgin")                             august 7, 2018    illinois lumière place casino ("lumière")                            october 1, 2018   missouri tropicana evansville ("evansville")                         october 1, 2018   indiana
(a)   property was aggregated into segment prior to january 1, 2016.

(b)   presque was sold on january 11, 2019, nemacolin was sold on march 8, 2019 and mountaineer was sold on december 6, 2019. all three properties were previously reported in the east segment. cape girardeau and caruthersville were sold on december 6, 2019. both properties were previously reported in the midwest segment.

(c)   we have entered into agreements to sell kansas city, vicksburg and eldorado shreveport. the kansas city and vicksburg sales are expected to close in the first half of 2020. the eldorado shreveport sale is expected to close in 2020.

the executive decision maker of our company reviews operating results, assesses performance and makes decisions on a "significant market" basis. our management views each of our properties as an operating segment. operating segments are aggregated based on their similar economic characteristics, types of customers, types of services and products provided, the regulatory environments in which they operate, and their management and reporting structure. prior to the isle acquisition in 2017, our principal operating activities occurred in three geographic regions: nevada, louisiana and parts of the eastern united states. following the isle acquisition, the company's principal operating activities occurred in four geographic regions and reportable segments: west, midwest, south and east. following the tropicana acquisition and elgin acquisition in 2018, an additional segment, central, was added increasing our reportable segments to five.
49
presentation of financial information the financial information included in this item 7 for periods prior to our acquisitions of isle, elgin and tropicana and after our acquisitions of isle, elgin and tropicana are not fully comparable because the results of operations for isle, elgin and tropicana are not included for periods prior to may 1, 2017, august 7, 2018 and october 1, 2018, respectively. additionally, the company completed its sales of presque and nemacolin on january 11, 2019 and march 8, 2019, respectively and sales of cape girardeau, caruthersville and mountaineer on december 6, 2019.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide information to assist in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. our historical operating results may not be indicative of our future results of operations because of these factors and the changing competitive landscape in each of our markets, as well as by factors discussed elsewhere herein. we recommend that you read this md&a in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
key performance metrics our primary source of revenue is generated by our gaming operations, but we use our hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment, retail shops, racing, sportsbook offerings and other services to attract customers to our properties. our operating results are highly dependent on the volume and quality of customers visiting and staying at our properties. key performance metrics include volume indicators such as table games drop and slot handle, which refer to amounts wagered by our customers. the amount of volume we retain, which is not fully controllable by us, is recognized as casino revenues and is referred to as our win or hold. in addition, hotel occupancy and price per room designated by average daily rate ("adr") are key indicators for our hotel business. our calculation of adr consists of the average price of occupied rooms per day including the impact of resort fees and complimentary rooms. complimentary room rates are determined based on an analysis of retail or cash rates for each customer segment and each type of room product to estimate complimentary rates which are consistent with retail rates. complimentary rates are reviewed at least annually and on an interim basis if there are significant changes in market conditions. complimentary rooms are treated as occupied rooms in our calculation of hotel occupancy.
significant factors impacting financial results the following summary highlights the significant factors impacting our financial results during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
acquisitions and transaction costs
•   isle - our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 include incremental revenues and expenses attributable to the 13 properties we acquired in our acquisition of isle on may 1, 2017. transaction (credits) expenses related to our acquisition of isle for legal, accounting, financial advisory services, severance, stock awards and other costs totaled $(1.4) million for the year ended december 31, 2018 and $92.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017.

•   elgin - our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 include incremental revenues and expenses for the period of august 7, 2018 through december 31, 2018 attributable to elgin. transaction expenses related to our acquisition of elgin totaled $0.2 million and $3.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

•   tropicana - our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 include incremental revenues and expenses attributable to the seven properties we acquired in our acquisition of tropicana on october 1, 2018. transaction expenses related to our acquisition of tropicana totaled $4.0 million and $18.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

•   caesars - transaction costs related to our pending acquisition of caesars totaled $79.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. pursuant to the mta with vici, the company is required to reimburse vici for 50% of any prepayment penalties in connection with vici's payoff related to its cplv loan, regardless of whether the merger closing occurs. as of december 31, 2019, the company's proportionate share of vici's prepayment penalty paid in 2019 was accrued and totaled approximately $55.4 million.

50
divestitures and terminated sales
•   presque and nemacolin - the sales of presque and nemacolin met the requirements for presentation as assets held for sale under generally accepted accounting principles. however, they did not meet the requirements for presentation as discontinued operations and are included in income from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 and the periods prior to their respective closing dates in 2019.

in conjunction with the classification of vicksburg's operations as assets held for sale at march 31, 2018 as a result of the announced sale to cdi, an impairment charge totaling $9.8 million was recorded due to the carrying value exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds. effective july 6, 2018, the sale of vicksburg was terminated, and vicksburg was no longer presented as an asset held for sale as of september 30, 2018. in connection with this termination, cdi paid us a $5.0 million termination fee, which is included in operating income for the year ended december 31, 2018.
on august 10, 2018, we entered into an agreement to sell our rights and obligations to operate nemacolin. due to the carrying value of the property and equipment being sold exceeding the estimated net sales proceeds, we recorded an impairment charge for the year ended december 31, 2018 totaling $3.8 million related to nemacolin.
we closed the sales of presque and nemacolin on january 11, 2019 and march 8, 2019, respectively and recorded a net gain of $22.2 million.
•   mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville - on june 17, 2019, we entered into definitive agreements to sell the real property relating to mountaineer, cape girardeau, and caruthersville to vici and, immediately following the consummation of the sale of such real property, sell all of the outstanding equity interests of mountaineer, caruthersville and cape girardeau to century casinos, inc. we closed on the sales of mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville on december 6, 2019 and recorded a net gain of $28.6 million.

the divestitures of presque, nemacolin and mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville in january, march and december 2019, respectively, are collectively referred to as "the divestitures".
•   vicksburg and kansas city - on july 10, 2019, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the equity interests in each of vicksburg and kansas city. the sales of vicksburg and kansas city met the requirements for presentation as assets held for sale under generally accepted accounting principles. however, they did not meet the requirements for presentation as discontinued operations and are included in income from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2019.

•   lake charles terminated sale - on august 22, 2016, isle entered into an agreement to sell its casino and hotel property in lake charles, louisiana, for $134.5 million, subject to a customary purchase price adjustment, to an affiliate of laguna development corporation, a pueblo of laguna-owned business based in albuquerque, new mexico. on november 21, 2017, we terminated the agreement. the closing of the transaction was subject to certain closing conditions, including obtaining certain gaming approvals, and was to occur on or before the termination date, which had been extended by the parties to november 20, 2017. the buyer did not obtain the required gaming approvals prior to the termination date, and pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the $20.0 million deposit was forfeited upon termination of the agreement and recorded as operating income in the fourth quarter of 2017.

in periods prior to the termination of the agreement, the operations of lake charles were classified as discontinued operations and as an asset held for sale. as a result of the termination of the sale in the fourth quarter of 2017, lake charles was no longer classified as an asset held for sale and as discontinued operations.
financing and lease transactions
•   add-on notes - on september 13, 2017, we issued an additional $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% senior notes due 2025 at an issue price equal to 105.5% of the principal amount. we used the proceeds of the offering to repay all of the outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility totaling $78.0 million and used the remainder to repay outstanding borrowings totaling $444.5 million under the term loan plus related accrued interest. we recognized a loss of $11.1 million as a result of the issuance of additional debt and retirement of existing debt for the year ended december 31, 2017.

•   isle debt refinancing - in connection with the isle acquisition, we completed a debt financing transaction comprised of: (i) a senior secured credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.75 billion with a term loan facility of $1.45 billion and revolving credit facility of $300.0 million and (ii) $375.0 million of 6.0% senior notes due 2025. the proceeds of such borrowings were used to pay the cash portion of the consideration payable in the isle merger, refinance all of isle's existing credit facilities, redeem or otherwise repurchase all of isle's senior and senior subordinated notes, refinance our existing credit facility and pay transaction fees and expenses related to the foregoing. we recognized a loss totaling $27.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 as a result of the isle debt refinancing transaction (see "liquidity and capital resources" for more information related to the debt refinancing).

51
•   tropicana financing - on september 20, 2018, we issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% senior notes due 2026. the proceeds from the notes were used to fund the tropicana acquisition which closed on october 1, 2018. we incurred $10.1 million of incremental interest expense on these notes for the year ended december 31, 2018.

•   master lease - we accounted for the master lease with glpi as a direct financing obligation effective october 1, 2018. we recorded interest expense in the amount of $98.6 million and 24.4 million during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which was in excess of the cash lease payments as we continue to accrete up the liability during the earlier periods of the master lease.

deferred revenue
•   william hill - the amortization of deferred revenues associated with the william hill agreement totaled $5.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, and is included in corporate and other revenues and operating income.

•   tsg - the amortization of deferred revenues associated with the tsg agreement totaled $1.3 million and $0.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and is included in corporate and other revenues and operating income.

other significant factors
•   weather and construction disruption - during the third quarter of 2017, hurricanes harvey and irma negatively impacted our south region, specifically our pompano, lake charles and eldorado shreveport properties, and made travel to those properties impossible or difficult. while pompano did not sustain any major physical damage, we incurred incremental expenses as a result of the storms and were forced to close the casino for four days and experienced disruption to our business for a longer period of time.

our west segment's operations are subject to seasonal variation, with our lowest business volume generally occurring during the winter months. the northern nevada region experienced record snowfall and severe weather conditions, including major snow storms during eleven of the fourteen weekends in the 2017 first quarter, making travel to reno from northern california, our main feeder market, difficult or impossible due to road closures. as a result, there was a significant adverse effect on business levels, especially hotel occupancy and gaming volume, during the first quarter of 2017, and our operating performance for the year ended december 31, 2017.
all of our segments were negatively impacted by severe weather, including flooding, during the first half of 2019 compared to the same prior year period. additionally, our south segment was negatively impacted during the third quarter of 2019 due to hurricane and tropical storm activity. our west segment was also negatively impacted by disruption to our casino floor and hotel availability associated with renovation projects at our black hawk property during the construction period from january to june 2019.
•   property enhancement capital expenditures - property enhancement initiatives and targeted investments that improve our guests' experiences and elevate our properties' overall competitiveness in their markets continued throughout 2018 and 2019.

a 118-room hampton inn hotel at scioto downs developed by a third party opened in march 2017 and since opening has driven visitation and spend at the property.
as part of the continuing evolution of the reno tri-properties, we built a new 21,000 square foot spa at silver legacy which opened in early october 2018. we have substantially renovated every room at circus reno and completed the first phase of room renovations at silver legacy and eldorado. we began the second phase of renovations of approximately 1,200 rooms at silver legacy and eldorado in the third quarter of 2019. in black hawk we completed our renovation of all 402 hotel rooms and refresh of the casino floor in june 2019. in addition, our joint venture with cordish continues to make progress on development plans of a new, mixed-use entertainment and hospitality destination anchored by our isle casino racing pompano park. at tropicana atlantic city, we opened an expansive, new sportsbook in the fourth quarter of 2018. additionally, during 2019 we added sportsbook offerings at our properties located in iowa, mississippi and indiana. during 2019, we began planning to relocate our lake charles casino operation from our current riverboat to a land-based operation. construction of our new lake charles facility began in february 2020.
•   execution of synergies and cost savings programs - we continue to identify areas to improve property level and consolidated margins through operating and cost efficiencies and exercising financial discipline throughout the company. in addition to cost savings relating to duplicative executive compensation, legal and accounting fees and other corporate expenses that have been eliminated as a result of our acquisitions, we have achieved savings in marketing, food and beverage costs, selling, general and administrative expenses, and other operating departments as a result of operating efficiencies and purchasing power of the combined eldorado organization.

52
•   impairment charges - on october 1, 2017 we conducted annual impairment tests of our intangible assets. based on lower than expected operating performance and projected future operating results, it was determined that the value of goodwill and/or trade names associated with our lake charles, vicksburg and lula reporting units were impaired resulting in impairment charges totaling $38.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017.

•   tax cuts and jobs act - on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). the tax act made broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. in connection with our initial analysis of the impact of the tax act, for certain of our net deferred tax liabilities, we recorded a decrease of $111.9 million, net of the related change in valuation allowance, with a corresponding net adjustment to deferred income tax benefit for the year ending december 31, 2017 as a result of the corporate rate reduction resulting in a positive impact on net income.

results of operations the following table highlights the results of our operations (dollars in thousands):
year ended

december 31,                                                                                                   change %
2019                       2018                       2017                       2019 vs 2018                  2018 vs 2017
net revenues           $       2,528,249          $       2,056,007          $       1,480,798              23.0       %                  38.8   %
operating income                 409,973                    310,103                     94,810              32.2       %                 227.1   %
net income                        81,001                     95,235                     73,380             (14.9   )   %                  29.8   %
operating results.  including incremental elgin and tropicana net revenues totaling $991.4 million generated following their respective acquisition dates, net revenues increased 23.0% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. excluding the impact of our acquisitions and the divestitures, net revenues decreased 5.1% mainly due to the significant factors described above. this decrease was partially offset by incremental net revenues recognized in conjunction with our william hill and tsg sports betting partnerships for the year ended december 31, 2019.
including incremental isle, elgin and tropicana net revenues totaling $575.5 million generated following their respective acquisition dates, net revenues increased 38.8% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017. excluding incremental isle, elgin and tropicana net revenues, net revenues remained flat for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017.
for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018, operating income increased 32.2% mainly due to incremental operating income contributed by elgin and tropicana following their respective acquisition dates as well as a $49.6 million net gain on sale of businesses and disposal of property and equipment primarily related to the divestitures. this increase was partially offset by incremental transaction expenses associated with our completed and pending acquisitions. excluding the impact of our acquisitions and the divestitures, operating income decreased 15.0% due to higher depreciation expense associated with asset additions and transaction costs associated with the acquisitions of tropicana and caesars. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we received a $5.0 million fee related to the termination of the agreement to purchase our vicksburg property.
for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017, operating income increased 227.1% mainly due to incremental operating income contributed by isle, elgin and tropicana following their respective acquisition dates. incremental operating income totaling $80.7 million represents operating income for four months of operations for isle, five months of operations for elgin and three months of operations for tropicana. excluding the incremental operating income, operating income rose 141.9% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 due to margin improvement resulting from synergies and departmental operating efficiencies, a $34.2 million decrease in impairment charges and a $71.9 million decline in transaction expenses. these increases in operating income for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 were partially offset by higher depreciation associated with additional assets.
53
for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 201, net income decreased 14.% principally due to the same factors impacting operating income combined with higher interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018 resulting from increased debt associated with the tropicana acquisition and amortization of the direct financing obligation associated with the master lease. additionally, we recorded a $7.5 million loss on the early retirement of debt in 2019 related to the pro-rated write off of deferred financing costs associated with permanent payments on our term loan, and a higher income tax provision due to an increase in our effective tax rate also contributed to the declines in net income. net income was favorably impacted by an $8.8 million unrealized gain on restricted investments for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017, net income increased 29.8% due to the same factors impacting operating income combined with the $38.4 million loss on the early retirement of debt for the year ended december 31, 2017 associated with payments on our outstanding debt. these increases were partially offset by higher interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 resulting from increased debt and amortization of the direct financing obligation associated with the master lease following our acquisitions of elgin and tropicana. additionally, the increase in our tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 is due to the favorable impact of the tax act in 2017, which resulted in a significant tax benefit recorded in 2017.
the following table highlights our net revenues and operating income (loss) by reportable segment (dollars in thousands):
net revenues                                                            operating income (loss)
year ended december 31,                                                       year ended december 31,

2019                        2018                        2017                    2019                       2018                      2017
west                $         524,721           $         483,532           $         410,319       $         84,992           $        84,548           $         66,108
midwest                       378,577                     397,008                     268,879                114,180                   105,809                     62,071
south                         463,133                     461,181                     338,259                 74,622                    64,851                      3,680
east                          674,758                     571,272                     462,835                133,317                    97,963                     68,101
central                       479,761                     142,485                           -                105,772                    24,240                          -
corporate (1)                   7,299               529                         506                         (102,910   )               (67,308   )               (105,150   )
total               $       2,528,249           $       2,056,007           $       1,480,798       $        409,973           $       310,103           $         94,810
(1)   operating loss for corporate includes transaction costs.

54
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 201
net revenues and operating expenses were as follows (dollars in thousands):
2019                    2018                    variance                       change revenues:
gaming and pari-mutuel commissions:
west                                           $         223,179       $         230,558   $          (7,379   )            (3.2   )   %
midwest                                                  332,389                 345,499             (13,110   )            (3.8   )   %
south                                                    377,080                 375,748               1,332                 0.4       %
east                                                     491,185                 485,047               6,138                 1.3       %
central                                                  384,353                 116,526             267,827               229.8       %
total gaming and pari-mutuel commissions               1,808,186               1,553,378             254,808                16.4       %
non-gaming:
west                                                     301,542                 252,974              48,568                19.2       %
midwest                                                   46,188                  51,509              (5,321   )           (10.3   )   %
south                                                     86,053                  85,433        620                          0.7       %
east                                                     183,573                  86,225              97,348               112.9       %
central                                                   95,408                  25,959              69,449               267.5       %
corporate                                                  7,299           529                         6,770             1,279.8       %
total non-gaming                                         720,063                 502,629             217,434                43.3       %
total net revenues                             $       2,528,249       $       2,056,007   $         472,242                23.0       %
expenses:
gaming and pari-mutuel commissions:
west                                           $          84,398       $          86,622   $          (2,224   )            (2.6   )   %
midwest                                                  133,852                 141,641              (7,789   )            (5.5   )   %
south                                                    179,328                 180,325                (997   )            (0.6   )   %
east                                                     233,296                 286,202             (52,906   )           (18.5   )   %
central                                                  171,453                  54,499             116,954               214.6       %
total gaming and pari-mutuel commissions                 802,327                 749,289              53,038                 7.1       %
non-gaming west                                                     161,288                 151,211              10,077                 6.7       %
midwest                                                   24,800                  30,951              (6,151   )           (19.9   )   %
south                                                     53,619                  56,607              (2,988   )            (5.3   )   %
east                                                      93,292                  51,536              41,756                81.0       %
central                                                   50,823                  15,998              34,825               217.7       %
total non-gaming                                         383,822                 306,303              77,519                25.3       %
marketing and promotions                                 129,373                 106,161              23,212                21.9       %
general and administrative                               476,751                 349,598             127,153                36.4       %
corporate                                                 65,996                  46,632              19,364                41.5       %
impairment charges                                 958                            13,602             (12,644   )           (93.0   )   %
depreciation and amortization                            221,525                 157,429              64,096                40.7       %
total operating expenses                       $       2,080,752       $       1,729,014   $         351,738                20.3       %
gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions.  for the year ended december 31, 2019, elgin and tropicana contributed $674.8 million of gaming and pari-mutuel commissions. this increase in incremental revenues associated with these acquisitions was partially offset by the decline in revenues due to the divestitures, resulting in a 16.4% increase in gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions over 2018.
excluding incremental elgin and tropicana gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions and the impact of the divestitures, gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions decreased 6.3% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018 due to reductions in casino volume associated with changes in promotional activity. additionally, construction disruption affected our west segment and severe weather negatively impacted our visitor volume across all segments contributing to the declines in casino revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019.
55
non-gaming revenues.  for the year ended december 31, 2019, elgin and tropicana contributed $316.7 million of incremental non-gaming revenues, which was partially offset by declines in non-gaming revenues attributable to the divestitures, resulting in an increase of 43.3% over 2018.
excluding incremental elgin and tropicana non-gaming revenues and the impact of the divestitures, non-gaming revenues decreased 1.8% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. this decline was primarily driven by changes in promotional activity, construction disruption and weather that negatively impacted visitor traffic during the year ended december 31, 2019.
gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions.  for the year ended december 31, 2019, elgin and tropicana contributed $275.9 million of incremental gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions which was partially offset by the divestitures, resulting in an increase of 7.1% in gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions over 2018.
excluding incremental elgin and tropicana gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions, and the impact of the divestitures, gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions decreased 6.3% for year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. gaming expenses declined in comparison to 2018 due to lower volume combined with savings initiatives targeted at reducing variable expenses.
non-gaming expenses. for the year ended december 31, 2019, elgin and tropicana contributed $158.0 million of incremental non-gaming expenses which was partially offset by the divestitures, resulting in an increase of 25.3% over 2018.
excluding incremental elgin and tropicana non-gaming expenses, and the impact of the divestitures, non-gaming expenses decreased 10.1% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. decreased non-gaming expenses were associated with lower non-gaming revenues along with continued efforts to reduce variable expenses including labor and cost of sales.
marketing and promotions expenses.  for the year ended december 31, 2019, elgin and tropicana contributed $68.1 million of incremental marketing and promotions expenses which was partially offset by the divestitures, resulting in an increase of 21.9% over 2018.
excluding incremental elgin and tropicana marketing and promotions expenses, and the impact of the divestitures, consolidated marketing and promotions expense decreased 21.5% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. this decline was primarily due to savings achieved via the termination of certain marketing contracts, reduction in direct mail costs and continued company-wide changes in marketing and promotional activity targeted at lowering expenses.
general and administrative expenses.  for the year ended december 31, 2019, elgin and tropicana contributed $213.9 million of general and administrative expense, which was partially offset by the divestitures, resulting in an increase of 36.4% over 2018.
excluding incremental elgin and tropicana general and administrative expenses and the impact of the divestitures, consolidated general and administrative expenses decreased 2.4% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018 mainly due to the centralization of certain services provided to our properties and realized savings achieved through consolidated purchasing programs.
corporate expenses.  for the year ended december 31, 2019, corporate expenses increased $19.4 million, or 41.5%, primarily due to payroll and other expenses driven by growth related to the company's acquisitions. additionally, an increase in severance expense and the associated acceleration of stock compensation expense also drove the increase in corporate expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018.
impairment charges. we recorded an impairment charge for the year ended december 31, 2019 totaling $1.0 million related to our non-operating real property located in pennsylvania. we recorded impairment charges of $9.8 million related to the classifications of vicksburg's operations as assets held for sale and $3.8 million related to the classification of nemacolin's operations as assets held for sale for the year ended december 31, 2018.
depreciation and amortization expense.  elgin and tropicana contributed $102.9 million of incremental depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2019, which was partially offset by the divestitures, resulting in an increase of 40.7% over 2018.
56
excluding incremental elgin and tropicana depreciation and amortization expense and the impact of divestitures, depreciation and amortization expense decreased 0.4% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018 mainly due to ceasing depreciation and amortization expense on assets held for sale.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
net revenues and operating expenses were as follows (dollars in thousands):
2018                    2017                    variance                     change revenues:
gaming and pari-mutuel commissions:
west                                           $         230,558       $         186,779   $          43,779              23.4       %
midwest                                                  345,499                 231,366             114,133              49.3       %
south                                                    375,748                 268,680             107,068              39.8       %
east                                                     485,047                 412,202              72,845              17.7       %
central                                                  116,526                       -             116,526             100.0       %
total gaming and pari-mutuel commissions               1,553,378               1,099,027             454,351              41.3       %
non-gaming:
west                                                     252,974                 223,540              29,434              13.2       %
midwest                                                   51,509                  37,513              13,996              37.3       %
south                                                     85,433                  69,579              15,854              22.8       %
east                                                      86,225                  50,633              35,592              70.3       %
central                                                   25,959                       -              25,959             100.0       %
corporate                                          529                     506                  23                         4.5       %
total non-gaming                                         502,629                 381,771             120,858              31.7       %
total net revenues                             $       2,056,007       $       1,480,798   $         575,209              38.8       %
expenses:
gaming and pari-mutuel commissions:
west                                           $          86,622       $          73,304   $          13,318              18.2       %
midwest                                                  141,641                  96,989              44,652              46.0       %
south                                                    180,325                 134,661              45,664              33.9       %
east                                                     286,202                 256,135              30,067              11.7       %
central                                                   54,499                       -              54,499             100.0       %
total gaming and pari-mutuel commissions                 749,289                 561,089             188,200              33.5       %
non-gaming west                                                     151,211                 141,510               9,701               6.9       %
midwest                                                   30,951                  26,271               4,680              17.8       %
south                                                     56,607                  49,280               7,327              14.9       %
east                                                      51,536                  35,518              16,018              45.1       %
central                                                   15,998                       -              15,998             100.0       %
total non-gaming                                         306,303                 252,579              53,724              21.3       %
marketing and promotions                                 106,161                  83,174              22,987              27.6       %
general and administrative                               349,598                 241,037             108,561              45.0       %
corporate                                                 46,632                  30,739              15,893              51.7       %
impairment charges                                        13,602                  38,016             (24,414   )         (64.2   )   %
depreciation and amortization                            157,429                 105,891              51,538              48.7       %
total operating expenses                       $       1,729,014       $       1,312,525   $         416,489              31.7       %
57
gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions.  for the year ended december 31, 2018, isle, elgin and tropicana contributed $454.7 million of gaming and pari-mutuel commissions driving a 41.3% increase over 2017. excluding these incremental revenues, gaming and pari-mutuel commissions were flat for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017.
non-gaming revenues.  for the year ended december 31, 2018, isle, elgin and tropicana contributed $121.0 million of incremental non-gaming revenues resulting in an increase of 31.7% over 2017. excluding these incremental revenues, non-gaming revenues for the year ended december 31, 2018 remained flat compared to 2017.
gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions.  for the year ended december 31, 2018, isle, elgin and tropicana contributed $197.5 million of incremental gaming and pari-mutuel commissions resulting in an increase of 33.5% over 2017. excluding these incremental expenses, gaming and pari-mutuel commissions declined 1.7% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 mainly due to savings initiatives targeted at reducing variable expenses. successful efforts to control costs and maximize departmental profit across all segments also drove the margin improvements for the year ended december 31, 2018.
non-gaming expenses. for the year ended december 31, 2018, isle, elgin and tropicana contributed $74.2 million of incremental non-gaming expenses resulting in an increase of 21.3% over 2017. excluding incremental expenses, non-gaming expenses declined 8.1% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017. this decrease was attributable to continued efforts to reduce variable costs with a focus on labor, food and beverage cost of sales, marketing spend and synergies achieved via company-wide purchasing consolidation programs.
marketing and promotions expenses.  for the year ended december 31, 2018, isle, elgin and tropicana contributed $35.6 million of incremental marketing and promotions expenses resulting in an increase of 27.6% over 2017. excluding these incremental expenses, marketing and promotions declined 15.1% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 mainly due to synergies achieved via the elimination or consolidation of certain marketing contracts and company-wide reductions in marketing, direct mail and promotional spend.
general and administrative expenses.  isle, elgin and tropicana contributed $114.8 million of incremental general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018 resulting in an increase of 45.0% over 2017. excluding these incremental expenses, general and administrative expenses declined 2.6% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to the centralization of certain corporate services provided to our properties and realized savings.
corporate expenses.  for the year ended december 31, 2018, corporate expenses increased $15.9 million, a 51.7% increase over 2017, due to higher payroll and other expenses associated with additional corporate costs, including stock compensation expense, associated with growth related to our acquisitions.
impairment charges. in conjunction with the classification of nemacolin's and vicksburg's operations as assets held for sale, we recorded impairment charges totaling $3.8 million and $9.8 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2018.
depreciation and amortization expense.  isle, elgin and tropicana contributed $50.1 million of incremental depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2018 resulting in an increase of 48.7% over 2017.  excluding the incremental expense, depreciation and amortization expense rose 1.3% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 mainly due to asset additions at our three reno properties.
58
supplemental unaudited presentation of consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") for the years ended december 31, 201 and 201
adjusted ebitda (defined below), a non-gaap financial measure, has been presented as a supplemental disclosure because it is a widely used measure of performance and basis for valuation of companies in our industry and we believe that this non-gaap supplemental information will be helpful in understanding the company's ongoing operating results. management has historically used adjusted ebitda when evaluating operating performance because we believe that the inclusion or exclusion of certain recurring and non-recurring items is necessary to provide a full understanding of our core operating results and as a means to evaluate period-to-period results. adjusted ebitda represents operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, transaction expenses, severance expense, selling costs associated with the disposition of properties, proceeds from the terminated sale of vicksburg, preopening expenses, costs associated with resolving the historical tropicana bankruptcy, business interruption insurance proceeds, real estate tax settlements, other than temporary impairments on investments, impairment charges, equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliates, (gain) loss on the sale or disposal of property and equipment, (gain) loss on property divestitures, and other non-cash regulatory gaming assessments. adjusted ebitda also excludes expense associated with our master lease with glpi as the transaction was accounted for as a financing obligation. adjusted ebitda is not a measure of performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("us gaap"), is unaudited and should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as an indicator of our operating performance. uses of cash flows that are not reflected in adjusted ebitda include capital expenditures, interest payments, income taxes, debt principal repayments, payments under our master lease, and certain regulatory gaming assessments, which can be significant. as a result, adjusted ebitda should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity. other companies that provide ebitda information may calculate ebitda differently than we do. the definition of adjusted ebitda may not be the same as the definitions used in any of our debt agreements.
59
year ended december 31, 2019

operating                        depreciation and amortization               stock-based compensation                 transaction expenses (3)                 other (4)                     adjusted income (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                ebitda including divestitures:
west                                                     $               84,992           $                          55,035           $                     -                  $                     -                  $               930           $         140,957
midwest                                                                 114,180                                      25,145                      36                                                  -                                1,190                     140,551
south                                                                    74,622                                      39,165                      13                                                  -                                1,071                     114,871
east                                                                    133,317                                      48,064                      7                                                   -                        478                               181,866
central                                                                 105,772                                      46,849                                 -                                        -                        272                               152,893
corporate and other                                                    (102,910   )                                   7,267                                 19,663                                   84,658                         (42,337   )                 (33,659   )
total including divestitures                             $              409,973           $                         221,525           $                     19,719             $                     84,658             $           (38,396   )       $         697,479
divestitures:
west                                                     $                    -           $                               -           $                     -                  $                     -                  $                 -           $               -
midwest                                                                  24,069                                       4,140                      18                                                  -                        672                                28,899
south                                                                         -                                           -                                 -                                        -                                    -                           -
east                                                                     15,574                                       3,842                      7                                                   -                        418                                19,841
central                                                                       -                                           -                                 -                                        -                                    -                           -
corporate and other                                                           -                                           -                                 -                                        -                                    -                           -
total divestitures (1)                                   $               39,643           $                           7,982           $                     25                 $                     -                  $             1,090           $          48,740
excluding divestitures:
west                                                     $               84,992           $                          55,035           $                     -                  $                     -                  $               930           $         140,957
midwest                                                                  90,111                                      21,005                      18                                                  -                        518                               111,652
south                                                                    74,622                                      39,165                      13                                                  -                                1,071                     114,871
east                                                                    117,743                                      44,222                                 -                                        -                        60                                162,025
central                                                                 105,772                                      46,849                                 -                                        -                        272                               152,893
corporate and other                                                    (102,910   )                                   7,267                                 19,663                                   84,658                         (42,337   )                 (33,659   )
total excluding divestitures (2)                         $              370,330           $                         213,543           $                     19,694             $                     84,658             $           (39,486   )       $         648,739
year ended december 31, 2018
operating                        depreciation and amortization               stock-based compensation                 transaction expenses (3)                 other (8)                     adjusted income (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                ebitda excluding pre-acquisition/including divestitures:
west                                                     $               84,548           $                          40,131           $                     (32        )       $                     -                  $             1,542           $         126,189
midwest                                                                 105,809                                      33,083                      106                                                 -                        244                               139,242
south                                                                    64,851                                      37,357                      59                                                  -                               10,265                     112,532
east                                                                     97,963                                      27,913                      14                                                  -                                5,447                     131,337
central                                                                  24,240                                      13,583                                 -                                        -                                1,676                      39,499
corporate and other                                                     (67,308   )                                   5,362                                 12,937                                   20,842                          (3,702   )                 (31,869   )
total excluding pre-acquisition/including divestitures   $              310,103           $                         157,429           $                     13,084             $                     20,842             $            15,472           $         516,930
divestitures:
west                                                     $                    -           $                               -           $                     -                  $                     -                  $                 -           $               -
midwest                                                                  22,049                                       8,405                      44                                                  -                        57                                 30,555
south                                                                         -                                           -                                 -                                        -                                    -                           -
east                                                                     24,238                                      11,099                      13                                                  -                                5,285                      40,635
central                                                                       -                                           -                                 -                                        -                                    -                           -
corporate and other                                                           -                                           -                                 -                                        -                                    -                           -
total divestitures (5)                                   $               46,287           $                          19,504           $                     57                 $                     -                  $             5,342           $          71,190
pre-acquisition:
west                                                     $               13,635           $                           9,271           $                     -                  $                     -                  $                 8           $          22,914
midwest                                                                       -                                           -                                 -                                        -                                    -                           -
south                                                           355                                                   6,076                                 -                                        -                        20                                  6,451
east                                                                     46,261                                      24,444                                 -                                        -                        159                                70,864
central                                                                  70,105                                      22,939                                 -                                        -                        647                                93,691
corporate and other                                                     (52,127   )                                   1,537                                 -                                        4,259                           31,101                     (15,230   )
60
total pre-acquisition (6)                     $     78,229         $     64,267    $       -           $    4,259     $     31,935    $    178,690

including pre-acquisition/excluding divestitures:
west                                                         $       98,183       $      49,402   $         (32   )   $     -        $       1,550   $     149,103
midwest                                                              83,760              24,678      62                     -           187                108,687
south                                                                65,206              43,433      59                     -               10,285         118,983
east                                                                119,986              41,258      1                      -           321                161,566
central                                                              94,345              36,522               -             -                2,323         133,190
corporate and other                                                (119,435   )           6,899          12,937             25,101          27,399         (47,099   )
total including pre-acquisition/excluding divestitures (7)   $      342,045       $     202,192   $      13,027       $     25,101   $      42,065   $     624,430
(1)   figures are for presque for the period beginning january 1, 2019 and ending january 11, 2019, nemacolin for the period beginning january 1, 2019 and ending march 8, 2019 and mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville for the period beginning january 1, 2019 and ending december 5, 2019.

(2)   total figures for 2019 exclude results of operations for presque, nemacolin, mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville. such presentation does not conform to gaap or the securities and exchange commission rules for pro forma presentation; however, we believe that the additional financial information will be helpful to investors in comparing current results with results of prior periods. this is non-gaap data and should not be considered a substitute for data prepared in accordance with gaap, but should be viewed in addition to the results of operations reported by the company.

(3)   transaction expenses represent primarily costs related to the pending acquisition of caesars for the year ended december 31, 2019 and costs related to the acquisitions of elgin, tropicana and isle for the year ended december 31, 2018.

(4)   other, for the year ended december 31, 2019, is comprised of severance expense, (gain) loss on the sale or disposal of property and equipment, equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated affiliate, impairment charges, costs associated with resolving the historical tropicana bankruptcy, the (gain) loss associated with the sales of presque, nemacolin, mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville and selling costs associated with the closed and pending divestitures of mountaineer, cape girardeau, caruthersville, kansas city, vicksburg and shreveport.

(5)   figures are for presque, nemacolin, mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville for the year ended december 31, 2018.

(6)   figures are for tropicana for the nine months ended september 30, 2018 and for elgin for the period beginning january 1, 2018 and ending august 6, 2018. such figures are based on unaudited internal financial statements and have not been reviewed by the company's auditors and do not conform to gaap.

(7)   total figures for the year ended december 31, 2018 include combined results of operations for elgin, tropicana and the company and exclude results of operations for presque, nemacolin, mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville. such presentation is unaudited and does not conform with gaap or the securities and exchange commission rules for pro forma presentation; however, we believe that the additional financial information will be helpful to investors in comparing current results with results of prior periods. this is non-gaap data and should not be considered a substitute for data prepared in accordance to gaap, but should be viewed in addition to the results of operations reported by the company.

(8)   other, for the year ended december 31, 2018, is comprised of severance expense, (gain) loss on the sale or disposal of property and equipment, equity in income (loss) of an unconsolidated affiliate, preopening expenses, impairment charges at vicksburg and nemacolin, proceeds from the terminated sale of vicksburg, other non-cash regulatory gaming assessments and selling costs associated with the divestitures of presque, nemacolin, the terminated sale of vicksburg and the purchase of tropicana and elgin.

liquidity and capital resources we are a holding company and our only significant assets are ownership interests in our subsidiaries. our ability to fund our obligations depends on the cash flow of our subsidiaries and the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute or otherwise make funds available to us.
our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources have been existing cash, cash flow from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from the issuance of debt securities and proceeds from our 2019 dispositions of presque, mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville. as of december 31, 2019, we had $482.0 million of available borrowing capacity, after consideration of $18.0 million in outstanding letters of credit, and no outstanding balance under our
61
revolving credit facility.  in 2019, we utilized $360.0 million of net proceeds from the sales of presque, mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville to repay a portion of amounts outstanding under the term loan.
our cash requirements can fluctuate significantly depending on our decisions with respect to business acquisitions or divestitures and strategic capital investments to maintain the quality of our properties. we expect that our primary capital requirements going forward will relate to the operation and maintenance of our properties, taxes, servicing our outstanding indebtedness, rent payments under our master lease, continued costs associated with the elgin and tropicana acquisitions and funding the caesars acquisition. pursuant to the a&r commitment letter, the commitment parties committed to arrange and provide the company with: (w) a $1,000.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, (x) a $3,000.0 million senior secured term loan b facility, (y) a $3,250.0 million senior secured 364-day bridge facility and (z) a $1,800.0 million senior unsecured bridge loan facility and (ii) caesars resort collection, llc, a subsidiary of caesars, with a $2,400.0 million senior secured incremental term loan b facility (collectively, the "debt financing"). we expect to fund the anticipated caesars acquisition with a combination of proceeds from the debt financing, the sale-leaseback transactions with vici with respect to harrah's new orleans, harrah's laughlin and harrah's atlantic city, the consideration received from vici received in connection with amendments to the cplv lease and non-cplv lease contemplated by the mta, asset divestitures, existing cash on our balance sheet and cash flow generated by the company and caesars prior to the acquisition. during 2020, we plan to spend approximately $240.0 million on capital expenditures.
we expect that cash generated from operations, borrowings under the debt financing and proceeds from the transactions contemplated by the mta and the announced asset sales, net of associated taxes, will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital requirements, consummate the caesars acquisition and service our outstanding indebtedness for the next twelve months.
at december 31, 2019, we had consolidated cash and cash equivalents of $206.3 million, excluding restricted cash. at december 31, 2018, we had consolidated cash and cash equivalents of $230.8 million, excluding restricted cash.  this decrease in cash was primarily due to significant payments on our credit facility and investments in capital improvements, which were partially offset by cash generated from operations and proceeds from the divestitures.
operating cash flow.  in 2019, cash flows provided by operating activities totaled $312.5 million compared to $323.3 million in 2018. the decrease in operating cash was primarily due to increased transaction costs, which was partially offset by incremental operating cash generated by the acquired elgin and tropicana properties as well as changes in the balance sheet accounts in the normal course of business.
in 2018, cash flows provided by operating activities totaled $323.3 million compared to $129.9 million in 2017. the increase in operating cash was primarily due to incremental operating cash generated by the acquired elgin and tropicana properties and decreased transaction costs combined with changes in the balance sheet accounts in the normal course of business.
investing cash flow and capital expenditures.  net cash flows provided by investing activities totaled $369.5 million in 2019 compared to $1.3 billion used in 2018. net cash flows provided by investing activities in 2019 were primarily attributable to $536.1 million in net proceeds from the divestitures. capital expenditures totaled $170.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 related to growth and maintenance capital projects.
net cash flows used in investing activities totaled $1.3 billion in 2018 compared to $1.4 billion in 2017. net cash flows used in investing activities in 2018 were primarily due to $307.3 million cash paid in the elgin acquisition and $806.0 million cash paid in the tropicana acquisition. additionally, capital expenditures totaled $147.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 related to growth and maintenance capital projects.
financing cash flow.  net cash used in financing activities in 2019 totaled $712.2 million and was principally due to $278.0 million of net payments under our revolving credit facility and $458.0 million of payments on the term loan.
net cash provided by financing activities in 2018 totaled $1.0 billion and was principally due to $600.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of the 6.0% senior notes due 2026 in conjunction with the tropicana acquisition, $246.0 million of proceeds from the lumière loan (defined below) and $245.0 million of net borrowings under our revolving credit facility related to the elgin acquisition.
62
income taxes.  the company will pay approximately $28.0 million in cash taxes in 2020 related to the gain on the sales of mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville in addition to cash taxes related to the company's operations, subject to any changes as a result of the merger. during the year ended december 31, 2019, the company made cash payments for income taxes, net of refunds, totaling $51.1 million, of which $42.7 million, net of refunds, was related to taxes owed in conjunction with the tropicana acquisition and sale of presque.
debt obligations and master lease
7% senior notes due 2023
on july 23, 2015, we issued at par $375.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.0% senior notes due 2023 ("7% senior notes due 2023") pursuant to the indenture, dated as of july 23, 2015 (the "2023 indenture"), between us and u.s. bank, national association, as trustee. the 7% senior notes due 2023 will mature on august 1, 2023, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on february 1 and august 1 of each year.
on or after august 1, 2018, we may redeem all or a portion of the 7% senior notes due 2023 upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, on the 7% senior notes due 2023 redeemed, to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve month period beginning on august 1 of the years indicated below:
year            percentage

2018         105.250   %
2019         103.500   %
2020         101.750   %
2021 and thereafter         100.000   %
if we experience certain change of control events (as defined in the 2023 indenture), we must offer to repurchase the 7% senior notes due 2023 at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable repurchase date. if we sell asset under certain circumstances and does not use the proceeds for specified purposes, we must offer to repurchase the 7% senior notes due 2023 at 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable repurchase date.
the 7% senior notes due 2023 are subject to redemption imposed by gaming laws and regulations of applicable gaming regulatory authorities.
the 2023 indenture contains certain covenants limiting, among other things, our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries (other than its unrestricted subsidiaries) to:
•   pay dividends or distributions or make certain other restricted payments or investments;

•   incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or create subordinated indebtedness that is not subordinated to the 7% senior notes due 2023 or the guarantees of the 7% senior notes due 2023;

•   create liens;

•   transfer and sell assets;

•   merge, consolidate, or sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets;

•   enter into certain transactions with affiliates;

•   engage in lines of business other than our core business and related businesses; and

•   create restrictions on dividends or other payments by restricted subsidiaries.

these covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications as set forth in the 2023 indenture. the 2023 indenture also provides for customary events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on such 7% senior notes due 2023 to be declared due and payable.
63
6% senior notes due 2025
on march 29, 2017, eagle ii acquisition company llc ("eagle ii"), our wholly-owned subsidiary, issued $375.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% senior notes due 2025 (the "6% senior notes due 2025") pursuant to an indenture, dated as of march 29, 2017 (the "2025 indenture"), between eagle ii and u.s. bank, national association, as trustee. the 6% senior notes due 2025 will mature on april 1, 2025, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on april 1 and october 1.
on september 13, 2017, we issued an additional $500.0 million principal amount of the 6% senior notes due 2025 at an issue price equal to 105.5% of the principal amount of the 6% senior notes due 2025. the additional notes were issued pursuant to the 2025 indenture that governs the 6% senior notes due 2025. we used the proceeds of the offering to repay $78.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and used the remainder to repay $444.5 million outstanding borrowings under the term loan facility and related accrued interest.
on or after april 1, 2020, we may redeem all or a portion of the 6% senior notes due 2025 upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, on the 6% senior notes due 2025 redeemed, to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on april 1 of the years indicated below:
year            percentage

2020         104.500   %
2021         103.000   %
2022         101.500   %
2023 and thereafter         100.000   %
prior to april 1, 2020, we may redeem all or a portion of the 6% senior notes due 2025 at a price equal to 100% of the 6% senior notes due 2025 redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium. at any time prior to april 1, 2020, we are also entitled to redeem up to 35% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 6% senior notes due 2025 with proceeds of certain equity financings at a redemption price equal to 106% of the principal amount of the 6% senior notes due 2025 redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. if we experience certain change of control events (as defined in the 2025 indenture), we must offer to repurchase the 6% senior notes due 2025 at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable repurchase date. if we sell assets under certain circumstances and do not use the proceeds for specified purposes, we must offer to repurchase the 6% senior notes due 2025 at 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable repurchase date.
the 6% senior notes due 2025 are subject to redemption imposed by gaming laws and regulations of applicable gaming regulatory authorities.
the 2025 indenture contains certain covenants limiting, among other things, our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries (other than its unrestricted subsidiaries) to:
•   pay dividends or distributions or make certain other restricted payments or investments;

•   incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or create subordinated indebtedness that is not subordinated to the 6% senior notes due 2025 or the guarantees of the 6% senior notes due 2025;

•   create liens;

•   transfer and sell assets;

•   merge, consolidate, or sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets;

•   enter into certain transactions with affiliates;

•   engage in lines of business other than our core business and related businesses; and

•   create restrictions on dividends or other payments by restricted subsidiaries.

64
these covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications as set forth in the 6% senior notes indenture due 2025. the 2025 indenture also provides for customary events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on such 6% senior notes due 2025 to be declared due and payable.
6% senior notes due 2026
on september 20, 2018, delta merger sub, inc. ("escrow issuer"), a delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, issued $600 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% senior notes due 2026 (the "6% senior notes due 2026") pursuant to an indenture, dated as of september 20, 2018 (the "2026 indenture"), between escrow issuer and u.s. bank, national association, as trustee. interest on the 6% senior notes due 2026 will be paid semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15. the company and the subsidiary guarantors assumed the obligations under the 2026 indenture in connection with the consummation of the tropicana acquisition.
on or after september 15, 2021, the company may redeem all or a portion of the 6% senior notes due 2026 upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, on the 6% senior notes due 2026 redeemed, to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on september 15 of the years indicated below:
year            percentage

2021         104.500   %
2022         103.000   %
2023         101.500   %
2024 and thereafter         100.000   %
prior to september 15, 2021, we may redeem all or a portion of the 6% senior notes due 2026 at a price equal to 100% of the 6% senior notes due 2026 redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium. at any time prior to september 15, 2021, we are also entitled to redeem up to 35% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 6% senior notes due 2026 with proceeds of certain equity financings at a redemption price equal to 106% of the principal amount of the 6% senior notes due 2026 redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. upon the occurrence of a change of control (if the 6% senior notes due 2026 do not have investment grade status) or a change of control triggering event (each as defined in the 2026 indenture), the company must offer to repurchase the 6% senior notes due 2026 at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable repurchase date.
if the company sells assets under certain circumstances and does not use the proceeds for specified purposes, the company must apply the net proceeds of such sale to make an offer to repurchase the 6% senior notes due 2026 at 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable repurchase date.
the 6% senior notes due 2026 are subject to redemption imposed by gaming laws and regulations of applicable gaming regulatory authorities.
the 2026 indenture contains certain covenants limiting, among other things, the company's ability to:
•   incur additional indebtedness;

•   create, incur or suffer to exist certain liens;

•   pay dividends or make distributions on capital stock or repurchase capital stock;

•   make certain investments;

•   place restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to the issuer;

•   sell certain assets or merge with or consolidate into other companies; and

•   enter into certain types of transactions with the stockholders and affiliates.

these covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications as set forth in the 2026 indenture. the 2026 indenture also provides for events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on such 6% senior notes due 2026 to be declared due and payable.
65
the company applied the net proceeds of the sale of the 6% senior notes due 2026, together with borrowings under its existing revolving credit, cash on hand and tropicana's cash on hand, to pay the consideration payable by the company pursuant to the merger agreement, repay all of the debt outstanding under tropicana's existing credit facility and pay fees and costs associated with the tropicana acquisition that closed on october 1, 2018.
term loan and revolving credit facility the company is party to a credit agreement with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto dated as of april 17, 2017 (as amended, the "credit facility"), consisting of a $1.45 billion term loan facility (the "term loan facility" or "term loan") and a $500.0 million revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility"). the company's obligations under the revolving credit facility will mature on october 1, 2023. the company's obligations under the term loan facility will mature on april 17, 2024. the company was required to make quarterly principal payments of $3.6 million on the term loan facility on the last day of each fiscal quarter beginning on june 30, 2017 but satisfied this requirement as a result of the principal prepayment of $444.5 million on september 13, 2017 in conjunction with the issuance of the additional 6% senior notes due 2025. in addition, the company is required to make mandatory payments of amounts outstanding under the credit facility with the proceeds of certain casualty events, debt issuances, and asset sales and, depending on its consolidated total leverage ratio, the company may be required to apply a portion of its excess cash flow to repay amounts outstanding under the credit facility.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $498.8 million of borrowings outstanding under the term loan and no outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility. we had $482.0 million of available borrowing capacity, after consideration of $18.0 million in outstanding letters of credit, under our revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2019. in 2019, we utilized $360.0 million of net proceeds from the sales of presque, mountaineer, cape girardeau and caruthersville to repay a portion of amounts outstanding under the term loan.
the interest rate per annum applicable to loans under the revolving credit facility is, at our option, either libor plus a margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.50% or a base rate plus a margin from 0.75% to 1.50%. the margin is based on our total leverage ratio. the interest rate per annum applicable to the loans under the term loan facility is, at our option, either libor plus 2.25% or a base rate plus 1.25%; provided, however, that in no event will libor be less than zero or the base rate be less than 1.00%. additionally, we pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility of 0.50% per annum. as of december 31, 2019, the weighted average interest rate on the term loan was 4.05%.
we applied the net proceeds of the term loan facility and borrowings under the revolving credit facility totaling $135 million, together with the proceeds of the 6% senior notes due 2025 and cash on hand, to (i) pay the cash portion of the consideration payable in our acquisition of isle, (ii) refinance all of the debt outstanding under isle's existing credit facility, (iii) redeem or otherwise repurchase all of isle's outstanding 5.875% senior notes due 2021 and 8.875% senior subordinated notes due 2020, (iv) repay all amounts outstanding under our prior credit facility and (v) pay fees and costs associated with our acquisition of isle and such financing transactions.
our obligations under the revolving credit facility will mature on october 1, 2023. our obligations under the term loan facility will mature on april 17, 2024. we were required to make quarterly principal payments in an amount equal to $3.6 million on the term loan facility on the last day of each fiscal quarter beginning on june 30, 2017. we satisfied this requirement as a result of the principal prepayment of $444.5 million on september 13, 2017 in conjunction with the issuance of the additional 6% senior notes due 2025. in addition, we are required to make mandatory payments of amounts outstanding under the credit facility with the proceeds of certain casualty events, debt issuances, and asset sales and, depending on its consolidated total leverage ratio, we are required to apply a portion of its excess cash flow to repay amounts outstanding under the credit facility.
the credit facility is secured by substantially all of our personal property assets and substantially all personal property assets of each subsidiary that guaranties the credit facility (other than certain subsidiary guarantors designated as immaterial), whether owned on the closing date of the credit facility or thereafter acquired, and mortgages on the real property and improvements owned or leased by us or the credit facility guarantors. the credit facility is also secured by a pledge of all of the equity owned by us and the credit facility guarantors (subject to certain gaming law restrictions). the credit agreement governing the credit facility contains a number of customary covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our ability and the ability of the credit facility guarantors to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, engage in mergers, consolidations or asset dispositions, make distributions, make investments, loans or advances, engage in certain transactions with affiliates or subsidiaries or make capital expenditures.
66
the credit facility contains a number of customary covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our ability and the ability of the subsidiary guarantors to incur debt; create liens; engage in mergers, consolidations or asset dispositions; pay dividends or make distributions; make investments, loans or advances; engage in certain transactions with affiliates or subsidiaries; or modify their lines of business.
the credit facility also includes certain financial covenants, including the requirements that we maintain throughout the term of the credit facility and measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter, and solely with respect to loans under the revolving credit facility, a maximum consolidated total leverage ratio of not more than 6.50 to 1.00 for the period beginning on the closing date and ending with the fiscal quarter ending december 31, 2018, 6.00 to 1.00 for the period beginning with the fiscal quarter beginning january 1, 2019 and ending with the fiscal quarter ending december 31, 2019, and 5.50 to 1.00 for the period beginning with the fiscal quarter beginning january 1, 2020 and thereafter. we will also be required to maintain an interest coverage ratio in an amount not less than 2.00 to 1.00 measured on the last day of each fiscal quarter beginning on the closing date, and ending with the fiscal quarter ending december 31, 2018, 2.50 to 1.00 for the period beginning with the fiscal quarter beginning january 1, 2019 and ending with the fiscal quarter ending december 31, 2019, and 2.75 to 1.00 for the period beginning with the fiscal quarter beginning january 1, 2020 and thereafter.
the credit facility contains a number of customary events of default, including, among others, for the non-payment of principal, interest or other amounts, the inaccuracy of certain representations and warranties, the failure to perform or observe certain covenants, a cross default to our other indebtedness including the 6% senior notes due 2025 and 7% senior notes due 2023, certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency; certain erisa events, the invalidity of certain loan documents, certain changes of control and the loss of certain classes of licenses to conduct gaming. if any event of default occurs, the lenders under the credit facility would be entitled to take various actions, including accelerating amounts outstanding thereunder and taking all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor.
on june 6, 2018, we executed an amendment that modified certain covenants in the credit facility to allow for considerations related to the acquisition of tropicana. the borrowing capacity of the revolving credit facility increased from $300.0 million to $500.0 million effective substantially concurrently with the consummation of the tropicana acquisition on october 1, 2018 and the maturity date of the revolving credit facility extended to october 1, 2023.
lumière loan we borrowed $246 million from glpi to fund the purchase price of the real estate underlying lumière. the lumière loan bears interest at a rate equal to (i) 9.09% until october 1, 2019 and (ii) 9.27% until october 1, 2020, and matures on october 1, 2020. the lumière loan was secured by a first priority mortgage on the lumière real property that was released pursuant to its terms on october 1, 2019. in connection with the issuance of the lumière loan, we agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to transfer one or more of the grand victoria casino, isle casino bettendorf, isle casino hotel waterloo, isle of capri lula, lady luck casino vicksburg and mountaineer casino, racetrack and resort or such other property or properties mutually acceptable to us and glpi, provided that the aggregate value of such property, individually or collectively, is at least $246 million (the "replacement property"), to glpi with a simultaneous leaseback to us of such replacement property. in connection with such replacement property sale, (i) we and glpi will enter into an amendment to the master lease to revise the economic terms to include the replacement property, (ii) glpi, or one of its affiliates, will assume the lumière loan and tropicana st. louis re's obligations under the lumière loan in consideration of the acquisition of the replacement property and our obligations under the lumière loan will be deemed to have been satisfied and (iii) in the event the value of the replacement property is greater than our outstanding obligations under the lumière loan, glpi will pay us the difference between the value of the replacement property and the amount of outstanding obligations under the lumière loan. if such replacement property transaction is not consummated prior to the maturity date of the lumière loan, other than as a result of certain failures to perform by glpi, then the amounts outstanding will be paid in full and the rent under the master lease will automatically increase, subject to certain escalations.
debt covenant compliance as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under the 7% senior notes due 2023, 6% senior notes due 2025, 6% senior notes due 2026, the credit facility and the lumière loan.
master lease
67
our master lease is accounted for as a financing obligation and totaled $970.5 million as of december 31, 2019. the master lease contains certain covenants, including minimum capital improvement expenditures. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under the master lease. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about our master lease and related matters.
contractual commitments the following table summarizes our estimated contractual payment obligations as of december 31, 2019:
less than                                                                        more than

total                    1 year                    1 - 3 years               3 - 5 years                 5 years
(in millions)
contractual cash obligations:
long-term debt obligations(1)                      $        2,597.3         $           246.2         $             0.4         $             874.1         $           1,476.7
estimated interest payments on long-term debt(2)              725.5                     151.8                     269.4                       228.2               76.1
operating leases(3)                                           651.4                      20.0                      36.7                        33.1               561.6
purchase and other contractual obligations(4)                 146.3                      20.6                      27.7                         9.5               88.5
minimum purse obligations(5)                                    5.2                       5.2                         -                           -                           -
contingent earn-out payments(6)                                 0.4                       0.1                       0.3                           -                           -
financing obligation to glpi(7)                             3,871.0                      89.2                     182.1                       187.3                     3,412.4
total                                              $        7,997.1         $           533.1         $           516.6         $           1,332.2         $           5,615.3
(1)   these amounts are included in our consolidated balance sheets, which are included elsewhere in this report. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about our debt and related matters.

(2)   estimated interest payments on long-term debt are based on libor rates and principal amounts outstanding on the credit facility at december 31, 2019.

(3)   our operating lease obligations are described in note 3 to our consolidated financial statements.

(4)   includes any construction or other contracts which are not operating or capital leases.

(5)   pompano is required to pay minimum purses of $7.75 million per race year per the terms of the agreement with the horsemen, which expires on may 21, 2020.

(6)   in connection with the 2003 purchase of scioto downs, certain stockholders of scioto downs elected the option to receive cash and contingent earn‐out payments ("cep rights") in lieu of all cash for their outstanding shares of scioto downs' common stock. the triggering event occurred when scioto downs received its permanent vlt license in may 2012 and commenced gaming operations. as a result, we recorded a liability for the estimated ten-year payout to the stockholders who elected to receive the cep rights. the future obligation was calculated based on scioto downs' projected ebitda for the ten calendar years beginning january 1, 2013.

(7)   the master lease annual estimated payments consist of building base rent totaling $60.9 million, land base rent totaling $13.4 million and variable rent totaling $13.4 million. the building base rent includes an annual 2% escalation.

the table above excludes certain commitments as of december 31, 2019, for which the timing of expenditures associated with such commitments is unknown, or contractual agreements have not been executed, or the guaranteed maximum price for such contractual agreements has not been agreed upon.
the repayment of our long‐term debt, which consists of indebtedness evidenced by the 6% senior notes due 2025, 6% senior notes due 2026, 7% senior notes due 2023 and the credit facility, is subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default under the indentures governing these obligations.
we routinely enter into operational contracts in the ordinary course of our business, including construction contracts for minor projects that are not material to our business or financial condition as a whole. our commitments relating to these contracts are recognized as liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets when services are provided with respect to such contracts.
off balance sheet arrangements we do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
inflation
68
we do not believe that inflation has had a significant impact on our revenues, results of operations or cash flows since inception.
other liquidity matters we are faced with certain contingencies involving litigation and environmental remediation and compliance. these commitments and contingencies are discussed in greater detail in "part i, item 3. legal proceedings" and note 18 to our consolidated financial statements, both of which are included elsewhere in this report. in addition, new competition may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and could have a similar adverse effect on our liquidity. see "part i, item 1a. risk factors-risks related to our business" which is included elsewhere in this report.
critical accounting policies our significant accounting policies are included in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this report. these policies, along with the underlying assumptions and judgments made by our management in their application, have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and actual results could differ from our estimates.
business combinations we applied the provisions of accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 805, "business combinations," in the accounting for our acquisitions of isle, elgin, tropicana and our previous acquisitions. it required us to recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. goodwill as of their respective acquisition dates were measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
accounting for business combinations required our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, including our estimate of the fair value of intangible assets, such as gaming licenses, trade names and loyalty programs. although we believe the assumptions and estimates made have been reasonable and appropriate, they are inherently uncertain. for our gaming license valuation, our properties' estimated future cash flows were the primary assumption in the respective intangible valuations. cash flow estimates included assumptions regarding factors such as recent and budgeted operating performance, net win per unit (revenue), patron visits and growth percentages. the growth percentages were developed considering general macroeconomic conditions as well as competitive impacts from current and anticipated competition through a review of customer market data, operating margins, and current regulatory, social and economic climates. the most significant of the assumptions used in the valuations included: (1) revenue growth/decline percentages; (2) discount rates; (3) effective income tax rates; (4) future terminal values and (5) capital expenditure assumptions. these assumptions were developed for each of our properties based on historical trends in the current competitive markets in which they operate, and projections of future performance and competition. the primary assumptions with respect to our trade names and loyalty program intangibles were the appropriate royalty rates and cost estimates for replacement cost analyses, respectively.
casino revenue and pari-mutuel commissions the company recognizes net win from gaming activities as casino revenue, which is the difference between gaming wins and losses, not the total amount wagered. progressive jackpots are accrued and charged to revenue at the time the obligation to pay the jackpot is established. gaming revenues are recognized net of certain cash and free play incentives. pari-mutuel commissions consist of commissions earned from thoroughbred and harness racing and importing of simulcast signals from other race tracks and are recognized at the time wagers are made. such commissions are a designated portion of the wagering handle as determined by state racing commissions and are shown net of the taxes assessed by state and local agencies, as well as purses and other contractual amounts paid to horsemen associations. the company recognizes revenues from fees earned through the exporting of simulcast signals to other race tracks at the time wagers are made and are recorded on a gross basis. such fees are based upon a predetermined percentage of handle as contracted with the other race tracks.
non-gaming revenue hotel, food and beverage, and other operating revenues are recognized as services are performed. the revenue for hotel, food and beverage contracts is the net amount collected from the customer for such goods and services. hotel, food and beverage services have been determined to be separate, stand-alone performance obligations and the transaction price for
69
such contracts is recorded as revenue as the good or service is transferred to the customer over the customer's stay at the hotel or when the delivery is made for the food and beverage. advance deposits for future hotel occupancy, convention space or food and beverage services contracts are recorded as deferred income until the revenue recognition criteria has been met. the company also provides goods and services that may include multiple performance obligations, such as for packages, for which revenues are allocated on a pro rata basis based on each service's stand-alone selling price.
complimentaries the company offers discretionary coupons and other discretionary complimentaries to customers outside of the loyalty program. the retail value of complimentary food, beverage, hotel rooms and other services provided to customers is recognized as a reduction of revenues for the department which issued the complimentary and revenue for the department redeemed. complimentaries provided by third parties at the discretion and under the control of the company is recorded as an expense when incurred.
for information with respect to our adoption of asu no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers," (topic 606) effective january 1, 2018, see "note 2, summary of significant accounting policies - recently issued accounting pronouncements," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes we and our subsidiaries file us federal income tax returns and various state and local income tax returns. our income tax returns are subject to examination by the internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities. positions taken in tax returns are sometimes subject to uncertainty in the tax laws and may not ultimately be accepted by the irs or other tax authorities. see note 13 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status and impact of examinations by tax authorities.
we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and as attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. we reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the "more likely than not" realization threshold. this assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
a valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. management analyzes all available positive and negative evidence regarding realization of the deferred tax assets and make an assessment of the likelihood of sufficient future taxable income.
under the applicable accounting standards, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more‐likely‐than‐not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. the accounting standards also provide guidance on de‐recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions. we have recorded no liability associated with uncertain tax positions at december 31, 2019 and 2018.
property and equipment and other long‐lived assets property and equipment are recorded at cost, except for assets acquired in our business combinations which were adjusted for fair value under asc 805, and are depreciated over their remaining estimated useful life or lease term. judgments are made in determining estimated useful lives and salvage values of these assets. the accuracy of these estimates affects the amount of depreciation expense recognized in our financial results and whether we have a gain or loss on the disposal of assets. we review depreciation estimates and methods as new events occur, more experience is acquired and additional information is obtained that would possibly change our current estimates.
70
property, equipment and other long‐lived assets are assessed for impairment in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment. we evaluate our long‐lived assets for impairment issues whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. recoverability of these assets is determined by comparing the net carrying value to the sum of the estimated future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by these assets. the amount of impairment loss, if any, is measured by the difference between the net carrying value and the estimated fair value of the asset which is typically measured using a discounted cash flow model (level 3 of the fair value hierarchy). for assets to be disposed of, impairment is recognized based on the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, offers received or a discounted cash flow model. as a result of the agreement to sell nemacolin, an impairment charge of $3.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 was recorded to property and equipment due to the carrying value of net property and equipment being sold exceeding net sales proceeds. based on the results of our periodic reviews we have not recorded any long-lived assets impairment charges during the years ended december 31, 201 and 2017.
for undeveloped properties, including non‐operating real properties, when indicators of impairment are present, properties are evaluated for impairment and losses are recorded when undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by an asset or market comparisons are less than the asset's carrying amount. the amount of the impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value, which is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, management estimates or market comparisons. the fair value measurements employed for our impairment evaluations, which are subject to the assumptions and factors as previously discussed, were generally based on a review of comparable activities in the marketplace, which fall within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. as a result of the sale of certain non-operating real property located in pennsylvania, we recognized an impairment charge of $1.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2019.
goodwill and other indefinite‐lived intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. intangible assets acquired in business combinations are recorded based upon their fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets must be reviewed for impairment at least annually and between annual test dates in certain circumstances. we utilize the option to perform a step zero analysis for each of our reporting units and if we conclude it was more likely than not that the fair values of certain reporting units are less than their carrying values, then we utilize the two-step quantitative analysis for such reporting units. as a result of our annual impairment tests, none of our reporting units incurred any goodwill impairment charges in 2019 and 2018. for our 2017 annual impairment tests, we concluded it was more likely than not that the fair values of certain reporting units were less than their carrying values and as a result of the two-step quantitative analysis performed in 2017, we recorded impairment charges of $34.9 million and $3.1 million related to goodwill and trade names, respectively. in conjunction with the classification of vicksburg's operations as assets held for sale at march 31, 2018, an impairment charge totaling $9.8 million to goodwill was recorded.
our indefinite‐lived intangible assets consist of racing and gaming licenses and trade names and are evaluated for impairment annually by comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying value. any excess of carrying value over the fair value is recognized as an impairment within the consolidated statements of income in the period of review.
the gaming and racing licenses were valued in aggregate for each respective property, as these licenses are considered to be the most significant asset of the properties and the gaming licenses could not be obtained without holding the racing licenses. therefore, a market participant would consider the licenses in aggregate. the fair value of the licenses is calculated using an excess earnings methodology, which is an income approach methodology that allocates the projected cash flows of the property to the gaming license intangible assets less charges for the use of the other identifiable assets of the property, including working capital, fixed assets, and other intangible assets. we believe this methodology is appropriate as the gaming licenses are the primary asset to the properties, the licenses are linked to each respective facility and it's the lowest level at which discrete cash flows can be directly attributable to the assets. under the gaming legislation applicable to our properties, licenses are property specific and can only be acquired if a buyer acquires the existing facility. because existing licenses may not be acquired and transferred for use at a different facility, the estimated future cash flows of each of our properties was the primary assumption in the valuation of such property.
we value trade names using the relief‐from‐royalty method with royalty rates range from 0.5% ‐ 1.0%. trade names recorded as part of the merger with mtr are amortized on a straight‐line basis over a 3.5-year useful life and the trade names recorded as part of our acquisition of tropicana, elgin, isle and acquisition of the reno properties are not amortized (deemed indefinite-lived).
71
the loyalty programs were valued using a combination of a replacement cost and lost profits analysis and the loyalty programs are amortized on a straight‐line basis over a one- to five-year useful life.
assessing goodwill and indefinite‐lived intangible assets for impairment is a process that requires significant judgment and involves detailed qualitative and quantitative business‐specific analysis and many individual assumptions which fluctuate between assessments. our properties' estimated future cash flows are a primary assumption in the respective impairment analyses. unforeseen events, changes in circumstances and market conditions and material differences in estimates of future cash flows could negatively affect the fair value of our assets and result in an impairment charge, which could be material. cash flow estimates include assumptions regarding factors such as recent and budgeted operating performance, net win per unit (revenue), patron visits, growth percentages which are developed considering general macroeconomic conditions as well as competitive impacts from current and anticipated competition through a review of customer market data, operating margins, and current regulatory, social and economic climates. these estimates could also be negatively impacted by changes in federal, state, or local regulations, economic downturns or developments and other market conditions affecting travel and access to the properties. the most significant of the assumptions used in our valuations include: (1) revenue growth/decline percentages; (2) discount rates; (3) effective income tax rates; (4) future terminal values and (5) capital expenditure assumptions. these assumptions were developed for each property based on historical trends, the current competitive markets in which they operate, and projections of future performance and competition.
we believe we have used reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of our goodwill reporting units and other indefinite‐lived intangible assets; however, these estimates and assumptions could be materially different from actual results. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of our licensing intangibles below the carrying value reflected on the consolidated balance sheet, we may be required to conduct an interim test or possibly recognize impairment charges, which may be material, in future periods.
self‐insurance reserves we are self‐insured for various levels of general liability, employee medical insurance coverage and workers' compensation coverage. insurance claims and reserves include accruals of estimated settlements for known claims, as well as accruals of estimates for claims incurred but not yet reported. we utilize independent consultants to assist management in its determination of estimated insurance liabilities. while the total cost of claims incurred depends on future developments, in managements' opinion, recorded reserves are adequate to cover future claims payments. self-insurance reserves for employee medical claims and workers' compensations are included in accrued payroll and related on the consolidated balance sheets. self‐insurance reserves for general liability claims are included in accrued other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
player loyalty programs we offer programs at our properties whereby participating customers can accumulate points for wagering that can be redeemed for credits for free play on slot machines, lodging, food and beverage, merchandise and, in limited situations, cash. the incentives earned by customers under these programs are based on previous revenue transactions and represent separate performance obligations. points earned, less estimated breakage, are recorded as a reduction of casino revenues at the standalone selling price of the points when earned based upon the retail value of the benefits, historical redemption rates and estimated breakage and recognized as departmental revenue based on where such points are redeemed upon fulfillment of the performance obligation. the loyalty program liability represents a deferral of revenue until redemption occurs, which is typically less than one year.
litigation, claims and assessments we utilize estimates for litigation, claims and assessments. these estimates are based on our knowledge and experience regarding current and past events, as well as assumptions about future events. if our assessment of such a matter should change, we may have to change the estimates, which may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates.
recently issued accounting pronouncements for information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies - recently issued accounting pronouncements, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
72
