item 1a.      risk factors for purposes of this section, the term "stockholders" means the holders of shares of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and preferred stock. set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders. you should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our company, our properties and our business. the occurrence of any of the following risks might cause digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders to lose all or a part of their investment. some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. please refer to the section entitled "forward-looking statements" starting on page 50.
risks related to our business and operations our business depends upon the demand for data centers.
we are in the business of owning, acquiring, developing and operating data centers. a reduction in the demand for data center space, power or connectivity would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a less specialized use. our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced
16
index to financial statements corporate it spending or reduced demand for data center space. reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently serve. changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. in addition, our customers may choose to develop new data centers or expand their own existing data centers or consolidate into data centers that we do not own or operate, which could reduce demand for our newly developed data centers or result in the loss of one or more key customers. if any of our key customers were to do so, it could result in a loss of business to us or put pressure on our pricing. if we lose a customer, we cannot assure you that we would be able to replace that customer at a competitive rate or at all. mergers or consolidations of technology companies could reduce further the number of our customers and potential customers and make us more dependent on a more limited number of customers. if our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our data centers in the future. our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors.
we face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers.
we compete with numerous data center providers, many of whom own properties similar to ours in some of the same metropolitan areas where our data centers are located, including coresite realty corporation, cyrusone inc., equinix, inc., qts realty trust, inc., switch, inc. and various local developers in the u.s., as well as global switch holdings limited and various regional operators in europe, asia, latin america and australia. in addition, we may in the future face competition from new entrants into the data center market, including new entrants who may acquire our current competitors. some of our competitors and potential competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and more ready access to capital which allow them to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities.
if our competitors offer space that our customers or potential customers perceive to be superior to ours based on factors such as available power, security, location, or connectivity, or if they offer rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we are offering, we may lose customers or potential customers or be required to incur costs to improve our data centers or reduce our rental rates. in addition, recently many of our competitors have developed and continue to develop additional data center space. if the supply of data center space continues to increase as a result of these activities or otherwise, rental rates may be reduced or we may face delays in leasing or be unable to lease our vacant space, including space that we develop. further, if customers or potential customers desire services that we do not offer, we may not be able to lease our space to those customers. our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors.
any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business reputation and could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security and maintenance of environmental conditions. we may fail to provide such service as a result of numerous factors, including mechanical failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, pandemics, hurricane, flood and other natural disasters, sabotage and vandalism.
problems at one or more of our data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or equipment damage. substantially all of our customer agreements include terms requiring us to meet certain service level commitments to our customers. any failure to meet these or other commitments or any equipment damage in our data centers, including as a result of mechanical failure, power outage, human error or other reasons, could subject us to liability under the terms of our customer agreements, including service level credits against customer rent payments, monetary damages, or, in certain cases of repeated failures, the right by the customer to terminate the agreement. service interruptions, equipment failures or security breaches may also expose us to additional legal liability and monetary
17
index to financial statements damages and damage our brand and reputation, and could cause our customers to terminate or not renew their agreements. in addition, we may be unable to attract new customers if we have a reputation for service disruptions, equipment failures or physical or electronic security breaches in our data centers. any such failures could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may be vulnerable to breaches, or unauthorized access to, or disruption of our physical and information security infrastructure and systems, any of which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
security breaches, or disruption, of our or our customers' physical or information technology infrastructure, networks and related management systems could result in, among other things, unauthorized access to our facilities, a breach of our and our customers' networks and information technology infrastructure, the misappropriation of our or our customers' or their customers' proprietary or confidential information, interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers' operations, delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs, breach of our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, inability to access or rely upon critical business records or other disruptions in our operations. we may be required to expend significant financial resources to protect against or to remediate such security breaches. we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, these measures could be circumvented. any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, material monetary damages, potential violations of applicable privacy and other laws, penalties and fines, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to our reputation and increases in our security and insurance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
although our customers' computing equipment resides in our buildings, we do not have access to, nor do we have knowledge of, what applications and data are being housed and processed on their equipment. in the event of a breach resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, we may be liable for damages, fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling the data. further, the regulatory framework around data custody, data privacy and breaches varies by jurisdiction and is an evolving area of law. for example, the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) and similar regulations may have significant impact on our operations. if we fail to comply with these various regulations, we may have to pay fines or damages. we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss.
we depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties or are currently occupied by single tenants.
as of december 31, 2019, the 20 largest customers in our portfolio represented approximately 53.2% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. our top three customers leased approximately 4.0 million square feet of net rentable space as of december 31, 2019, representing approximately 20.8% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. in addition, 63 of our 225 data centers are occupied by single customers, including data centers occupied solely by our top three customers. many factors, including global economic conditions, may cause our customers to experience a downturn in their businesses or otherwise experience a lack of liquidity, which may weaken their financial condition and impact our estimates as to the probability of collectability of payments, and ultimately result in their failure to make timely rental and other payments or their default under their agreements with us. further, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render many of our customers' current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. if any customer defaults or fails to make timely rent or other payments, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
if any customer becomes a debtor in a case under the u.s. bankruptcy code, we cannot evict the customer solely because of the bankruptcy. in addition, the bankruptcy court might authorize the customer to reject and terminate its contracts with us. our claim against the customer for unpaid, future rent and other payments would be subject to a
18
index to financial statements statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining amounts actually owed under their agreements with us. in either case, our claim for unpaid rent and other amounts would likely not be paid in full. our revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected if any of our significant customers were to become bankrupt or insolvent, suffer a downturn in their businesses, fail to renew their contracts or renew on terms less favorable to us than their current terms. as of february 27, 2020, we had no material customers in bankruptcy.
failure to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, could harm our business and operating results.
our ability to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, consisting of enterprises, cloud service providers, network service providers, and digital economy customers, some of which we consider to be key magnets drawing in other customers, may affect our ability to maximize our revenues. dense and desirable customer concentrations within a facility enable us to better generate significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center's operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. our inability to develop, provide or effectively execute any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a diverse and balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our contracts with our customers could subject us to significant liability, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with our customers pursuant to which we provide data center space, power and connectivity products to our customers. these contracts typically contain indemnification and liability provisions, in addition to service level commitments, which could potentially impose a significant cost on us in the event of losses arising out of certain breaches of such agreements, services to be provided by us or our subcontractors or from third-party claims. customers increasingly are looking to pass through their regulatory obligations and other liabilities to their outsourced data center providers and we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in an event of loss suffered by such customers whether as a result of our breach of an agreement or otherwise.  further, liabilities and standards for damages and enforcement actions, including the regulatory framework applicable to different types of losses, vary by jurisdiction, and we may be subject to greater liability for certain losses in certain jurisdictions. additionally, in connection with our acquisitions, we have assumed existing agreements with customers that may subject us to greater liability for such an event of loss. if such an event of loss occurred, we could be liable for material monetary damages and could incur significant legal fees in defending against such an action, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
certain of our customer agreements may include restrictions on the sale of our properties to certain third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, results of operations and financial condition.
certain of our customer agreements may give the customer a right of first refusal to purchase certain properties if we propose to sell those properties to a third party or prohibit us from selling certain properties to a third party that is a competitor of the customer. the existence of such restrictions could hinder our ability to sell one or more of these properties, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our data centers may not be suitable for re-leasing without significant expenditures or renovations.
because many of our data centers contain tenant improvements installed at our customers' expense, they may be better suited for a specific data center user or technology industry customer and could require significant modification in order for us to re-lease vacant space to another data center user or technology industry customer. the tenant improvements may also become outdated or obsolete as the result of technological change, the passage of time or other factors. in addition, our development space will generally require substantial improvement to be suitable for data center
19
index to financial statements use. for the same reason, our properties also may not be suitable for leasing to traditional office customers without significant expenditures or renovations.
as a result, we may be required to invest significant amounts or offer significant discounts to customers in order to lease or re-lease that space, either of which could adversely affect our financial and operating results.
we may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire.
at december 31, 2019, we owned approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for future development. we intend to continue to add new space to our development inventory and to continue to develop additional space from this inventory. a portion of the space that we develop has been, and may continue to be, developed on a speculative basis, meaning that we do not have a signed customer agreement for the space when we begin the development process. we also develop space specifically for customers pursuant to agreements signed prior to beginning the development process. in those cases, if we fail to meet our development obligations under those agreements, these customers may be able to terminate the agreements and we would be required to find a new customer for this space. in addition, in certain circumstances we lease data center facilities prior to their completion. if we fail to complete the facilities in a timely manner, the customer may be entitled to terminate its agreement, seek damages or penalties against us or pursue other remedies and we may be required to find a new customer for the space. we cannot assure you that once we have developed space or land we will be able to successfully lease it at all, or at rates we consider favorable or expected at the time we commenced development. further, once development of a data center facility is complete, we incur certain operating expenses even if there are no customers occupying any space. if we are not able to complete development in a timely manner or successfully lease the space that we develop, if development costs are higher than we currently estimate, or if rental rates are lower than expected when we began the project or are otherwise undesirable, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, as of december 31, 2019, customer agreements representing 19.9% of the square footage of the properties in our portfolio, excluding month-to-month leases and space held for development, were scheduled to expire through 2021, and an additional 14.4% of the net rentable square footage, excluding space held for development, was available to be leased. some of this space may require substantial capital investment to meet the power and cooling requirements of our customers, or may no longer be suitable for their needs. in addition, we cannot assure you that customer agreements will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at all, or at net effective rental rates equal to or above the current average net effective rental rates. if the rental rates for our properties decrease, our existing customers do not renew their agreements, we do not lease or re-lease our available space, including newly developed space and space for which customer agreements are scheduled to expire, or it takes longer for us to lease or re-lease this space or for rents to commence on this space, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
additionally, a customer's decision to lease space and power in one of our data centers and to purchase additional products typically involves a significant commitment of resources and due diligence on the part of our customers regarding the adequacy of our facilities. as a result, the leasing of data center space can have a long sales cycle, and we may expend significant time and resources in pursuing a particular transaction that may not result in revenue. economic conditions, including market downturns, may further impact this long sales cycle by making it difficult for customers to plan future business activities, which could cause customers to slow spending or delay decision-making. our inability to adequately manage the risks associated with the sales cycle may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
20
index to financial statements even if we have additional space available for lease at any one of our data centers, our ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power.
as current and future customers increase their power footprint in our data centers over time, the corresponding reduction in available power could limit our ability to increase occupancy rates or network density within our existing data centers. furthermore, at certain of our data centers, our aggregate maximum contractual obligation to provide power and cooling to our customers may exceed the physical capacity at such data centers if customers were to quickly increase their demand for power and cooling. if we are not able to increase the available power and/or cooling or move the customer to another location within our data centers with sufficient power and cooling to meet such demand, we could lose the customer as well as be exposed to liability under our customer agreements. in addition, our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade. accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. any such material loss of customers, liability or additional costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations.
our portfolio is located in 36 metropolitan areas. as of december 31, 2019, our portfolio, including the 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was geographically concentrated in the following metropolitan areas:

percentage of december 31, 2019
metropolitan area             total annualized rent (1)
northern virginia                                  24.0   %
chicago                                            11.2   %
silicon valley                                      8.2   %
london, united kingdom                              8.1   %
new york                                            8.1   %
dallas                                              7.6   %
são paulo, brazil                                   4.3   %
phoenix                                             3.2   %
singapore                                           3.1   %
san francisco                                       2.4   %
seattle                                             2.4   %
atlanta                                             2.1   %
los angeles                                         1.7   %
amsterdam, netherlands                              1.6   %
other                                              12.0   %
total                                             100.0   %
(1)   annualized rent is monthly contractual rent (defined as cash base rent before abatements) under existing leases as of december 31, 2019, multiplied by 12. the aggregate amount of abatements for the year ended december 31, 2019 was approximately $70.3 million. includes consolidated portfolio and unconsolidated joint ventures at the joint ventures' 100% ownership level.

some of these areas have experienced downturns in recent years. we depend upon the local economic conditions in these areas, including local real estate conditions, and our operations, revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected by a downturn in local economic conditions in these areas. our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these areas or supply otherwise increases or exceeds demand. we cannot assure you that these locations will grow or will remain favorable to data center investments or operations. in addition, we are currently developing data centers in certain of these metropolitan areas. any negative
21
index to financial statements changes in real estate, technology or economic conditions in these metropolitan areas in particular could negatively impact our performance.
we lease or sublease certain of our data center space from third parties and the ability to retain these leases or subleases could be a significant risk to our ongoing operations.
we do not own 14 buildings in our portfolio that account for approximately 1.0 million rentable square feet, or approximately 3% of our total rentable square feet. these leased buildings accounted for $161.5 million of our total annualized rent as of december 31, 2019. in addition, we may acquire additional leased data center space or businesses that lease facilities instead of owning them. our business could be harmed if we are unable to renew the leases for these data centers on favorable terms or at all. additionally, in several of our smaller facilities we sublease our space, and our rights under these subleases are dependent on our sublandlord retaining its rights under the prime lease. when the initial terms of our existing leases expire, we generally have the right to extend the terms of our leases for one or more renewal periods, subject to, in the case of several of our subleases, our sublandlord renewing its term under the prime lease. if renewal rates are less favorable than those we currently have, we may be required to increase revenues within existing data centers to offset such increase in lease payments. failure to increase revenues to sufficiently offset these projected higher costs could adversely impact our operating income. upon the end of our renewal options, we would have to renegotiate our lease terms with the applicable landlords.
additionally, if we are unable to renew the lease at any of our data centers, we could lose customers due to the disruptions in their operations caused by the relocation. we could also lose those customers that choose our data centers based on their locations. the costs of relocating data center infrastructure equipment, such as generators, power distribution units and cooling units, to different data centers could be prohibitive and, as such, we could lose the value of this equipment. for these reasons, any lease that cannot be renewed could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete.
the technology industry generally and specific industries in which certain of our customers operate are characterized by rapidly changing technology, customer requirements and industry standards. new systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat in data centers or the development of new server technology that does not require the levels of critical load and heat removal that our facilities are designed to provide and could be run less expensively on a different platform could make our data center infrastructure obsolete. our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade, and we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the infrastructure that connects our data centers to the internet and other external networks may become insufficient, including with respect to latency, reliability and connectivity. we may not be able to adapt to changing technologies or meet customer demands for new processes or technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, which would adversely impact our ability to sustain and grow our business.
further, our inability to adapt to changing customer requirements may make our data centers obsolete or unmarketable to such customers. some of our customers operate at significant scale across numerous data center facilities and have designed cloud and computing networks with redundancies and fail-over capabilities across these facilities, which enhances the resiliency of their networks and applications. as a result, these customers may realize cost benefits by locating their data center operations in facilities with less electrical or mechanical infrastructure redundancy than is found in our existing data center facilities. additionally, some of our customers have begun to operate their data centers using a wider range of humidity levels and at temperatures that are higher than servers customarily have operated at in the past, all of which may result in energy cost savings for these customers. we may not be able to operate our existing data centers under these environmental conditions, particularly in multi-tenant facilities with other customers who are not willing to operate under these conditions, and our data centers could be at a competitive disadvantage to
22
index to financial statements facilities that satisfy such requirements. because we may not be able to modify the redundancy levels or environmental systems of our existing data centers cost effectively, these or other changes in customer requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
additionally, due to regulations that apply to our customers as well as industry standards, such as iso and soc certifications which customers may deem desirable, they may seek specific requirements from their data centers that we are unable to provide. if new or different regulations or standards are adopted or such extra requirements are demanded by our customers, we could lose some customers or be unable to attract new customers in certain industries, which could materially and adversely affect our operations.
we depend upon third-party suppliers for power, and we are vulnerable to service failures and to price increases by such suppliers and to volatility in the supply and price of power in the open market.
we rely on third parties to provide power to our data centers, and we cannot ensure that these third parties will deliver such power in adequate quantities or on a consistent basis. if the amount of power available to us is inadequate to support our customer requirements, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations to our customers or grow our business. in addition, our data centers may be susceptible to power shortages and planned or unplanned power outages caused by these shortages. power outages may last beyond our backup and alternative power arrangements, which would harm our customers and our business. any loss of services or equipment damage could adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results, and harm our reputation.
in addition, we may be subject to risks and unanticipated costs associated with obtaining power from various utility companies. utilities that serve our data centers may be dependent on, and sensitive to price increases for, a particular type of fuel, such as coal, oil or natural gas. in addition, the price of these fuels and the electricity generated from them could increase as a result of proposed legislative measures related to climate change or efforts to regulate carbon emissions. increases in the cost of power at any of our data centers would put those locations at a competitive disadvantage relative to data centers served by utilities that can provide less expensive power.
we have also entered into power purchase agreements with contract terms ranging from 10-15 years. these agreements require us to purchase renewable energy credits from producers at fixed prices over the terms of the contracts, subject to certain adjustments. in the event that the market price for energy decreases, we may be required to pay more under the power purchase agreements than we would otherwise if we were to purchase renewable energy credits on the open market, which could adversely affect our results of operations. additionally, interruptions in the operations of one or more of the suppliers under these agreements, as a result of unpredictable weather, natural phenomena or otherwise, could negatively impact the quantity of renewable energy credits delivered to us.
we depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow.
we are not a telecommunications carrier. although our customers generally are responsible for providing their own network connectivity, we still depend upon the presence of telecommunications carriers' fiber networks serving our data centers in order to attract and retain customers. we believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to achieve our projected results. any carrier may elect not to offer its services within our data centers. any carrier that has decided to provide network connectivity to our data centers may not continue to do so for any period of time. further, some carriers are experiencing business difficulties or have announced consolidations. as a result, some carriers may be forced to downsize or terminate connectivity within our data centers, which could have an adverse effect on the business of our customers and, in turn, our own operating results.
our data centers may require construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. the construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our data centers is complex and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory requirements and the availability of construction resources. we have obtained the right to use network resources owned by other companies, including rights to use dark fiber, in order to attract
23
index to financial statements telecommunications carriers and customers to our portfolio. if the establishment of highly diverse network connectivity to our data centers does not occur, is materially delayed or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our operating results and cash flow may be materially adversely affected. additionally, any hardware or fiber failures on this network may result in significant loss of connectivity to our data centers. this could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers or retain existing customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our international activities, including acquisition, ownership and operation of data centers located outside of the united states, subject us to risks different than those we face in the united states and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business.
our portfolio included 78 data centers located outside of the united states as of december 31, 2019. we have acquired and developed, and may continue to acquire and develop, and operate data centers outside the united states.
the ownership and operation of data centers located outside of the united states subject us to risks from fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar. changes in the relation of these currencies to the u.s. dollar will affect our revenues and operating margins, may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt obligations. we may attempt to mitigate some or all of the risk of currency fluctuation by financing our properties in the local currency denominations, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so or that this will be effective. we may also engage in direct hedging activities to mitigate the risks of exchange rate fluctuations in a manner consistent with our qualifications as a reit, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so or that this will be effective.
our foreign operations involve additional risks not generally associated with or different from operations in the united states, including:
●   our limited knowledge of and relationships with sellers, customers, contractors, suppliers or other parties in these metropolitan areas;

●   complexity and costs associated with managing international development and operations;

●   difficulty in hiring qualified management, sales and construction personnel and service providers in a timely fashion;

●   the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or the occurrence of trade wars;

●   differing employment practices and labor issues, including related to works councils, employee committees, labor unions and collective rights of action;

●   multiple, conflicting and changing legal, regulatory, entitlement and permitting, and tax and treaty environments;

●   exposure to increased taxation, confiscation or expropriation;

●   currency transfer restrictions and limitations on our ability to distribute cash earned in foreign jurisdictions to the united states;

●   difficulty in enforcing agreements in non-u.s. jurisdictions, including those entered into in connection with our acquisitions or in the event of a default by one or more of our customers, suppliers or contractors;

●   local business and cultural factors;

●   political and economic instability, including sovereign credit risk, in certain geographic regions; and

●   risks related to bribery and corruption.

we also face risks with investing in unfamiliar metropolitan areas. we have acquired and may continue to acquire properties in international metropolitan areas that are new to us. when we acquire properties located in these metropolitan areas, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy and culture, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. in addition, due diligence, transaction and structuring costs may be higher than those we may face in the united states. we work to mitigate such risks through extensive diligence and research and associations with experienced local partners; however, we cannot assure you that all such risks will be eliminated.
24
index to financial statements our inability to overcome these risks could adversely affect our international activities, including our foreign operations and could harm our business and results of operations.
the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are a global company with worldwide operations, including material business operations in europe. following a national referendum and enactment of legislation by the government of the united kingdom, the united kingdom formally withdrew from the european union on january 31, 2020 and entered into a transition period during which it will continue its ongoing and complex negotiations with the european union relating to the future trading relationship between the parties. significant political and economic uncertainty remains about whether the terms of the relationship will differ materially from the terms before withdrawal, as well as about the possibility that a so-called "no deal" separation will occur if negotiations are not completed by the end of the transition period.
these developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and could significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. asset valuations, currency exchange rates and credit ratings may be especially subject to increased market volatility. lack of clarity about future united kingdom laws and regulations as the united kingdom determines which european union laws to replace or replicate could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital in the united kingdom. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our recent acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our plans and operations.
acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of the transaction. we completed the telx acquisition in october 2015, the european portfolio acquisition in july 2016 and the dft merger in september 2017 and expect to complete our previously announced interxion combination in 2020. our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these and other acquisitions depends, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate each of them with our business. the combination of two independent businesses can be a complex, costly and time-consuming process, which requires significant time and focus from our management team and may divert attention from the day-to-day operations of our business. there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate acquired properties and businesses with our business or otherwise realize the expected benefits of these acquisitions. the expected synergies from the acquisitions may not be fully realized, which could result in increased costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock.
in addition, the overall integration of the businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses and loss of customer relationships, among other potential adverse consequences. actual integration costs may exceed those estimated and there may be further unanticipated costs and the assumption of known and unknown liabilities. while we have assumed that we will incur certain integration expenses, there are factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of such expenses. many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately. if we cannot integrate and operate acquired properties or businesses to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
the risks of combining businesses include, among others:
●   we may have underestimated the costs to make any necessary improvements to the acquired properties;

●   the acquired properties may be subject to reassessment, which may result in higher than expected property tax payments;

●   we may be unable to integrate new acquisitions quickly and efficiently, particularly acquisitions of operating businesses or portfolios of properties, into our existing operations;

25
index to financial statements
●   we may face difficulties in integrating employees and in retaining key personnel;

●   we may face challenges in keeping existing customers, including key customers, which could adversely impact our revenue;

●   we may be unable to effectively manage our expanded operations; and

●   market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates on acquired properties.

any one of these risks could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenue and diversion of our management's time and energy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, even if our operations are integrated successfully with the operations of our acquisitions, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisitions, including the synergies, operating efficiencies, or sales or growth opportunities that are expected. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame or at all. all of these factors could decrease or delay any potential accretive effect of the acquisitions and negatively impact the price of our common stock.
additionally, our portfolio consisted of 225 data centers at december 31, 2019, including 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. several of our data centers, including the data centers which we have acquired in the past five years, have been under our management for a limited time. the data centers may have characteristics or deficiencies unknown to us that could affect their valuation or revenue potential. we cannot assure you that the operating performance of these data centers will not decline under our management.
we may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to our recent acquisitions, for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers.
our recent and future acquisitions may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers. unknown or contingent liabilities might include liabilities for clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions, claims of customers, vendors or other persons dealing with the acquired entities or the former owners of acquired properties or businesses, tax liabilities, claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of acquired properties or businesses, and other liabilities whether incurred in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. in addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that we may incur with respect to liabilities associated with our acquisitions may exceed our expectations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
further, we have entered, and may in the future enter, into transactions with limited representations and warranties or with representations and warranties that do not survive the closing of such transactions, in which event we would have no or limited recourse against the sellers of such properties or businesses. while we usually require the sellers to indemnify us with respect to breaches of representations and warranties that survive, such indemnification is often limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. we may obtain insurance policies providing for coverage for breaches of certain representations and warranties in certain transactions, subject to certain exclusions and a deductible, however, there can be no assurance that we would be able to recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches of any such representations and warranties. as a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of their representations and warranties. finally, indemnification agreements between us and the sellers typically provide that the sellers will retain certain specified liabilities relating to the properties or businesses acquired by us. while the sellers are generally contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities, there can be no guarantee that such arrangements will not require us to incur losses or other expenses as well.
we may be unable to identify, including sourcing off-market deal flow, and complete acquisitions on favorable terms or at all.
a component of our growth strategy is to continue to acquire additional data centers, and we continually evaluate the market of available properties and businesses and may acquire additional properties or businesses when opportunities
26
index to financial statements exist. to date, a substantial portion of our acquisitions were completed before they were widely marketed by real estate brokers, or "off-market." properties that are acquired off-market are typically more attractive to us as a purchaser because of the absence of competitive bidding, which could potentially lead to higher prices. we obtain access to off-market deal flow from numerous sources. if we cannot obtain off-market deal flow in the future, our ability to identify and acquire additional properties at attractive prices could be adversely affected.
our ability to acquire properties or businesses on favorable terms may be subject to the following significant risks:
●   we may be unable to acquire a desired property or business because of competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including both publicly traded reits and institutional investment funds;

●   even if we are able to acquire a desired property or business, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price or result in other less favorable terms;

●   even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of real estate or businesses, these agreements are subject to customary conditions to closing; and

●   we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms or at all.

if we cannot complete property or business acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our joint venture partners' financial condition and disputes between us and our joint venture partners.
we currently, and may in the future, co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property or portfolio of properties, partnership, joint venture or other entity. in these events, we are not in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the properties, partnership, joint venture or other entity. investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. partners may have economic, tax or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. our joint venture partners may take actions that are not within our control, which would require us to dispose of the joint venture asset or transfer it to a taxable reit subsidiary in order for digital realty trust, inc. to maintain its status as a reit. such investments may also lead to impasses, for example, as to whether to sell a property, because neither we nor our partner would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. disputes between us and our partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our management from focusing their time and effort on our day-to-day business. consequently, actions by or disputes with our partners may subject properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. in addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners. each of these factors may result in returns on these investments being less than we expect or in losses and our financial and operating results may be adversely affected. in addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to close joint ventures, on the anticipated schedule or at all. failure to complete any such joint venture could have a negative impact on our business and the trading price of our common stock.
27
index to financial statements the brazilian government has exercised, and continues to exercise, significant influence over the brazilian economy, and this influence, as well as brazilian political and economic conditions, could adversely affect our investment in the ascenty joint venture.
ascenty's portfolio of data centers is concentrated in brazil. the brazilian government frequently intervenes in the brazilian economy and occasionally makes significant changes in policy and regulations. the brazilian government's actions designed to control inflation, stimulate growth and other policies and regulations have often involved, among other measures, increases in interest rates, changes in tax policies, price controls, currency devaluations, capital controls and limits on imported goods and services. we cannot control or predict changes in policy or regulations that the brazilian government might adopt in the future. our investment in the ascenty joint venture may be adversely affected by the economic and political conditions in brazil as well as changes in policy or regulations at the federal, state or municipal levels involving or affecting factors such as economic or social factors or political instability.
our growth depends upon the successful development of our existing space and developable land and new properties acquired for development and any delays or unexpected costs in such development may delay and harm our growth prospects, future operating results and financial condition.
at december 31, 2019, we had approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for future development. we have built and may continue to build out a large portion of this space on a speculative basis at significant cost. our successful development of these projects is subject to many risks, including those associated with:
●   delays in construction, or changes to the plans or specifications;

●   budget overruns, increased prices for raw materials or building supplies, or lack of availability and/or increased costs for specialized data center components, including long lead time items such as generators;

●   construction site accidents and other casualties;

●   financing availability, including our ability to obtain construction financing and permanent financing, or increases in interest rates or credit spreads;

●   labor availability, costs, disputes and work stoppages with contractors, subcontractors or others that are constructing the project;

●   failure of contractors to perform on a timely basis or at all, or other misconduct on the part of contractors;

●   access to sufficient power and related costs of providing such power to our customers;

●   environmental issues;

●   supply chain constraints;

●   fire, flooding, earthquakes and other natural disasters;

●   pandemics;

●   geological, construction, excavation and equipment problems; and

●   delays or denials of entitlements or permits, including zoning and related permits, or other delays resulting from requirements of public agencies and utility companies.

in addition, while we intend to develop data centers primarily in metropolitan areas we are familiar with, we may in the future develop data centers in new geographic regions where we expect the development to result in favorable risk-adjusted returns on our investment. we may not possess the same level of familiarity with the development of data centers in other metropolitan areas, which could adversely affect our ability to develop such data centers successfully or at all or to achieve expected performance.
development activities, regardless of whether they are ultimately successful, also typically require a substantial portion of our management's time and attention. this may distract our management from focusing on other operational activities of our business. if we are unable to complete development projects successfully, our business may be adversely affected.
28
index to financial statements global economic conditions could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
general economic conditions and the cost and availability of capital may be adversely affected in some or all of the metropolitan areas in which we own properties and conduct our operations, including as a result of a pandemic affecting countries in which we or our customers operate. pandemics affecting countries or regions in which we or our customers operate, such as the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus covid-19, may impact the global economy and our business, financial condition and results of operations due to, among other factors, adverse impacts on our customers with operations in affected areas or delays in the supply of products or services from our vendors. instability in the u.s., european, asian, latin american and other economies and international financial markets may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our customers, to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements and may result in adverse effects on our, and our customers', businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our access to funds under our global revolving credit facilities depends on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. we cannot assure you that long-term disruptions in the global economy and tighter credit conditions among, and potential failures or nationalizations of, third party financial institutions as a result of such disruptions will not have an adverse effect on our lenders. if our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our business, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, access our existing lines of credit or raise equity or debt capital, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. such alternatives may include, without limitation, curtailing development activity, disposing of one or more of our properties possibly on disadvantageous terms or entering into or renewing leases on less favorable terms than we otherwise would.
discontinuation, reform or replacement of the london interbank offered rate (libor) and other benchmark rates, or uncertainty related to the potential for any of the foregoing, may adversely affect our business.
certain of our variable rate debt, including our global revolving credit facility, uses libor as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. the u.k. financial conduct authority announced in 2017 that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. in addition, other regulators have suggested reforming or replacing other benchmark rates. discontinuation, reform or replacement of libor or any other benchmark rates may have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics in the credit markets or cause disruption to the broader financial markets. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential discontinuation, reform or replacement may negatively impact the cost of our variable rate debt.
we anticipate managing the transition to a preferred alternative rate using the language set out in our agreements and through potentially modifying our debt and derivative instruments. however, future market conditions may not allow immediate implementation of desired modifications and we may incur significant associated costs in doing so.
we have substantial debt and face risks associated with the use of debt to fund our business activities, including refinancing and interest rate risks.
our total consolidated indebtedness at december 31, 2019 was approximately $10.1 billion, and we may incur significant additional debt to finance future acquisition, investment and development activities. as of december 31, 2019, we have a $2.35 billion global revolving credit facility. we have the ability from time to time to increase the size of the global revolving credit facility and the unsecured term loans (discussed below), in any combination, by up to $1.25 billion, subject to receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. at december 31, 2019, approximately $2.2 billion was available under this facility, net of outstanding letters of credit. as of february 24, 2020, we had approximately $2.2 billion available under the global revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit.
29
index to financial statements our substantial indebtedness currently requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, distributions and other general corporate purposes. additionally, it could: make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions.
in addition, we may violate restrictive covenants or fail to maintain financial ratios specified in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations, and our secured lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties or our interests in the entities that own the properties that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases. a foreclosure on one or more of our properties could adversely affect our access to capital, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and cash available for distribution. further, our default under any one of our loans could result in a cross-default on other indebtedness. furthermore, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, a circumstance which could hinder digital realty trust, inc.'s ability to meet the reit distribution requirements imposed by the code.
additional risks related to our indebtedness include the following:
we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness. it is likely that we will need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. if we are unable to refinance or extend principal payments due at maturity or pay them with proceeds of other capital transactions, then our cash flow may not be sufficient in all years to repay all such maturing debt and to pay distributions. further, if prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing, such as the reluctance of lenders to make commercial real estate loans, result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase.
fluctuations in interest rates could materially affect our financial results and may increase the risk our counterparty defaults on our interest rate hedges. because a significant portion of our debt, including debt incurred under our global revolving credit facilities, bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense. if the united states federal reserve increases short-term interest rates, this would have a significant upward impact on shorter-term interest rates, including the interest rates that apply to our variable rate debt. potential future increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest expense and therefore negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, and reduce our access to capital markets. we have entered into interest rate swap agreements to fix a significant portion of our floating rate debt. increased interest rates may increase the risk that the counterparties to our swap agreements will default on their obligations, which could further increase our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. conversely, if interest rates are lower than our swapped fixed rates, we will be required to pay more for our debt than we would have had we not entered into the swap agreements.
adverse changes in our company's credit ratings could negatively affect our financing activity. the credit ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt and digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock are based on our company's operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of our company. our company's credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms and pricing of any debt we may incur. we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and in the event our current credit ratings are downgraded, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and may encounter difficulty in obtaining additional financing. also, a downgrade in our credit ratings may trigger additional payments or other negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. for example, if the credit ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt are downgraded to below investment grade levels, we may not be able to obtain or maintain extensions on certain of our existing debt. adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage our debt maturities, our future growth, our financial condition, the market price of digital realty trust, inc.'s stock, and our development and acquisition activity.
30
index to financial statements our global revolving credit facilities, unsecured term loan facility and senior notes restrict our ability to engage in some business activities. our global revolving credit facilities and unsecured term loan facility contain negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to: incur additional indebtedness; make certain investments; merge with another company; and create, incur or assume liens; and require us to maintain financial coverage ratios, including with respect to unencumbered assets.
in addition, the global revolving credit facilities and the unsecured term loan facility restrict digital realty trust, inc. from making distributions to its stockholders, or redeeming or otherwise repurchasing shares of its capital stock, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, except in limited circumstances including as necessary to enable digital realty trust, inc. to maintain its qualification as a reit and to avoid the payment of income or excise tax.
in addition, our unsecured senior notes are governed by indentures, which contain various restrictive covenants, including limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness and requirements to maintain a pool of unencumbered assets. these restrictions, and the restrictions in our global revolving credit facilities and unsecured term loan facility, could cause us to default on our senior notes, global revolving credit facilities or unsecured term loan facility, as applicable, or negatively affect our operations or our ability to pay dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders or distributions to digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders, which could have a material adverse effect on the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and preferred stock.
failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect results of operations. we seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements, such as interest rate cap, forward or swap lock agreements. these agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes and that a court could rule that such an agreement is not legally enforceable. our policy is to use these derivatives only to hedge interest rate risks related to our borrowings, not for speculative or trading purposes, and to enter into contracts only with major financial institutions based on their credit ratings and other factors. however, we may choose to change this policy in the future. approximately 93% of our total indebtedness as of december 31, 2019 was subject to fixed interest rates or variable rates subject to interest rate swaps. we do not currently hedge our global revolving credit facilities and as our borrowings under our global revolving credit facilities increase, so will our percentage of indebtedness not subject to fixed rates and our exposure to interest rates increase. hedging may reduce the overall returns on our investments. failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially adversely affect our results of operations.
our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control.
in order for digital realty trust, inc. to maintain its qualification as a reit, it is required under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the code, to annually distribute at least 90% of its net taxable income determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. in addition, digital realty trust, inc. will be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent that it distributes less than 100% of its net taxable income, including any net capital gains. digital realty trust, l.p. is required to make distributions to digital realty trust, inc. that will enable the latter to satisfy this distribution requirement and avoid income and excise tax liability. because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition or development financing, from operating cash flow. consequently, we may rely on third-party sources to fund our capital needs.
our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our business prospects and growth potential, our current and expected future earnings, funds from operations, our cash flow and cash distributions, and the market price per share of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing at all or on terms favorable or acceptable to us. any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage. further, equity markets have experienced high volatility recently and we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise capital through the sale of equity securities
31
index to financial statements at all or on favorable terms. sales of equity on unfavorable terms could result in substantial dilution to digital realty trust, inc.'s common stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders. in addition, we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms.
if we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop data centers when strategic opportunities exist, satisfy our debt service obligations, pay cash dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders or make distributions to digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
we review each of our properties for indicators that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. examples of such indicators may include a significant decrease in the market price, a significant adverse change in how the property is being used or expected to be used based on the underwriting at the time of acquisition, an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or development, a change in our intended holding period due to our intention to sell an asset, or a history of operating or cash flow losses. when such impairment indicators exist, we review an estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the real estate investment's or group of properties that operate together as a group use and eventual disposition and compare it to the carrying value of the property or asset group. we consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. if our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates that we are unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property or asset group. these losses have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. the evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. a worsening real estate market may cause us to reevaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. these impairment charges could be significant and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution.
we may incur goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, which could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting practices, or gaap, we are required to assess our goodwill and other intangible assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets assumed in acquisition transactions, annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment, such as changing market conditions or any changes in key assumptions. if the testing performed indicates that an asset may not be recoverable, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. these impairment charges could be significant and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution.
illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition.
because real estate investments are relatively illiquid and because there may be even fewer buyers for our specialized real estate, our ability to promptly sell properties in our portfolio in response to adverse changes in their performance may be limited, which may harm our financial condition. further, digital realty trust, inc. is subject to provisions in the code that limit a reit's ability to dispose of properties, which limitations are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. see "risks related to our organizational structure-digital realty trust, inc.'s duty to its stockholders may conflict with the interests of digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders-tax consequences upon sale or refinancing." while digital realty trust, inc. has exclusive authority under digital realty trust, l.p.'s limited partnership agreement to determine whether, when, and on what terms to sell a property, such decisions may require the approval of digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors. these limitations may affect our ability to sell properties.
32
index to financial statements this lack of liquidity and the code restrictions may limit our ability to adjust our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions and, as a result, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to access capital necessary to meet our debt payments and other obligations.
our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.
we depend on the efforts of key personnel of our company, particularly a. william stein, our chief executive officer, andrew p. power, our chief financial officer, gregory s. wright, our chief investment officer, chris sharp, our chief technology officer, and erich j. sanchack, our executive vice president, operations. they are important to our success for many reasons, including that each has a national or regional reputation in our industry and the investment community that attracts investors and business and investment opportunities and assists us in negotiations with investors, lenders, existing and potential customers and industry personnel. if we lost their services, our business and investment opportunities and our relationships with lenders and other capital markets participants, existing and prospective customers and industry personnel could suffer. many of our company's other senior employees also have strong technology, finance and real estate industry reputations. as a result, we have greater access to potential acquisitions, financing, leasing and other opportunities, and are better able to negotiate with customers. as the number of our competitors increases, it becomes more likely that a competitor would attempt to hire certain of these individuals away from our company. the loss of any of these key personnel would result in the loss of these and other benefits and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
we also depend on the talents and efforts of highly skilled technical individuals. our success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled technical personnel for all areas of our organization. competition in our industry for qualified technical employees is intense, and the availability of qualified technical personnel is not guaranteed.
we may have difficulty managing our growth.
we have significantly and rapidly expanded the size of our company. our growth may significantly strain our management, operational and financial resources and systems. in addition, as a reporting company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934 and the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, or the sarbanes-oxley act. the requirements of these rules and regulations subject us to certain accounting, legal and financial compliance costs and may strain our management and financial, legal and operational resources and systems. an inability to manage our growth effectively or the increased strain on our management of our resources and systems could result in deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting and could negatively impact financial condition, results of operations and our cash available for distribution.
we may have difficulty implementing changes to our information technology systems.
we have made significant investments to update and improve our information technology systems and expect such investments to continue in order to meet our business needs, including for ongoing improvements for our customer experience. transitioning to new or upgraded systems can create difficulties, including potential disruptions to current processes and security complexities. in addition, our information technology systems may require further modification as we grow and as our business needs change, which could prolong difficulties we experience with transitions. such significant investments in our systems may take longer to deploy and cost more than originally planned. in addition, we may not realize the full benefits we hoped to achieve and we may need to expend significant attention, time and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing various functions. difficulties in implementing new or upgraded information technology systems or significant system failures or delays or the failure to successfully modify our systems and respond to changes in our business needs could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
33
index to financial statements potential losses may not be covered by insurance.
we currently carry commercial general liability, property, business interruption, including loss of rental income, and other insurance policies to cover insurable risks to our company. we select policy specifications, insured limits and deductibles which we believe to be appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and standard industry practices. our insurance policies contain industry standard exclusions and we do not carry insurance for generally uninsurable perils, such as loss from war or nuclear reaction. a significant portion of our properties are located in seismically active zones such as california, which represents approximately 12% of our portfolio's annualized rent as of december 31, 2019. one catastrophic event, for example, in california, could significantly impact multiple properties, the aggregate deductible amounts could be significant and the limits we purchase could prove to be insufficient, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, a catastrophic regional event could also severely impact some of our insurers rendering them insolvent or unable to fully pay on claims despite their current financial strength. we may discontinue purchasing insurance against earthquake, flood or windstorm or other perils on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any of these policies exceeds, in our judgment, the value of the coverage relative to the risk of loss.
in addition, many of our buildings contain extensive and highly valuable technology-related improvements. under the terms of our agreements with customers, customers are obligated to maintain adequate insurance coverage applicable to such improvements and under most circumstances use their insurance proceeds to restore such improvements after a casualty event. in the event of a casualty or other loss involving one of our buildings with extensive installed tenant improvements, our customers may have the right to terminate their leases if we do not rebuild the base building within prescribed times. in such cases, the proceeds from customers' insurance will not be available to us to restore the improvements, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to replicate the technology-related improvements made by such customers. furthermore, the terms of our mortgage indebtedness at certain of our properties may require us to pay insurance proceeds over to our lenders under certain circumstances, rather than use the proceeds to repair the property. if we or one or more of our customers experience a loss which is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. in addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged.
we may become subject to litigation or threatened litigation which may divert management time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business.
we may become subject to disputes with parties with whom we conduct business, including as a result of any breach in our security systems or downtime in our critical power and cooling systems. any such dispute could result in litigation between us and the other parties. whether or not any dispute actually proceeds to litigation, we may be required to devote significant management time and attention to its resolution (through litigation, settlement or otherwise), which would detract from our management's ability to focus on our business. any such resolution could involve the payment of damages or expenses by us, which may be significant. in addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement with terms that restrict the operation of our business.
we could incur significant costs related to environmental matters, including from government regulation, private litigation, and existing conditions at some of our properties.
under various laws relating to the protection of the environment in the united states, as well as in many jurisdictions in europe, asia and south america, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be liable for contamination resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances at a property, and may be required to investigate and clean up such contamination at or emanating from a property. such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the contaminants, and the liability may be joint and several. in the united states, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act of 1980, or cercla, established a regulatory and remedial program intended to provide for the investigation and clean-up of facilities where, or from which, a release of any hazardous
34
index to financial statements substance into the environment has occurred or is threatened. cercla's primary mechanism for remedying such problems is to impose strict joint and several liability for clean-up of facilities on current owners and operators of the site, former owners and operators of the site at the time of the disposal of the hazardous substances, any person who arranges for the transportation, disposal or treatment of the hazardous substances, and the transporters who select the disposal and treatment facilities, regardless of the care exercised by such persons. cercla also imposes liability for the cost of evaluating and remedying any damage to natural resources. the costs of cercla investigation and clean-up can be very substantial. cercla also authorizes the imposition of a lien in favor of the united states on all real property subject to, or affected by, a remedial action for all costs for which a party is liable. subject to certain procedural restrictions, cercla gives a responsible party the right to bring a contribution action against other responsible parties for their allocable shares of investigative and remedial costs. our ability to obtain reimbursement from others for their allocable shares of such costs would be limited by our ability to find other responsible parties and prove the extent of their responsibility, their financial resources, and other procedural requirements. various state laws, as well as laws in europe, asia and south america, also impose in certain cases strict joint and several liability for investigation, clean-up and other damages associated with hazardous substance releases.
previous owners used some of our properties for industrial and manufacturing purposes, and those properties may contain some level of environmental contamination. independent environmental consultants have conducted phase i or similar environmental site assessments on all of the properties in our portfolio. site assessments are intended to discover and evaluate information regarding the environmental condition of the surveyed property and surrounding properties. these assessments do not generally include soil samplings, subsurface investigations or an asbestos survey and the assessments may fail to reveal all environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns. in addition, material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after these reviews were completed or may arise in the future. we could be held jointly and severally liable under cercla and various state, local and national laws for the investigation and remediation of environmental contamination on our properties caused by previous owners or operators. further, fuel storage tanks are present at most of our properties, and if releases were to occur, we may be liable for the costs of cleaning any resulting contamination. the presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may expose us to third-party liability or materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral.
in addition, some of our customers, particularly those in the biotechnology and life sciences industry and those in the technology manufacturing industry, routinely handle hazardous substances and wastes as part of their operations at our properties. environmental laws and regulations subject our customers, and potentially us, to liability resulting from these activities or from previous industrial or retail uses of those properties. we could be held jointly and severally liable under cercla and various state, local and national laws for the investigation and remediation of hazardous substances released by our customers on our properties. environmental liabilities could also affect a customer's ability to make rental payments to us. we cannot assure you that costs of investigation and remediation of environmental matters will not affect our ability to pay dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and distributions to digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders or that such costs or other remedial measures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations.
some of our properties may contain asbestos-containing building materials. environmental laws require that asbestos-containing building materials be properly managed and maintained, and may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators for failure to comply with these requirements. these laws may also allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos-containing building materials.
our properties and their uses often require permits and entitlements from various government agencies, including permits and entitlements related to zoning and land use. certain permits from state or local environmental regulatory agencies, including regulators of air quality, are usually required to install and operate diesel-powered generators, which provide emergency back-up power at most of our facilities. these permits often set emissions limits for certain air pollutants, including oxides of nitrogen. in addition, various federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety
35
index to financial statements requirements, such as fire requirements and treated and storm water discharge requirements, apply to some of our properties. our ability to comply with, as well as changes to, applicable regulations, such as air quality regulations, or the permit requirements for equipment at our facilities, could hinder or prevent our construction or operation of data center facilities.
also, drought conditions in certain markets have resulted in water usage restrictions and proposals to further restrict water usage.  our data center facilities could face restrictions on water usage, water efficiency mandates, or higher water prices. climate change could also limit water availability. in addition, sea level rise and more frequent and severe weather events caused or contributed to by climate change pose physical risks to our facilities. additional risks related to our business and operations as a result of climate change include both physical and transition risks such as:
●   higher energy costs (e.g., due to more extreme weather events, extreme temperatures or increased demand for limited resources);

●   increased environmental regulations impacting the cost to develop, or the ability to develop in certain areas;

●   higher costs of materials due to environmental impacts from extraction and processing of raw materials and production of finished goods;

●   higher costs of supply chain services, with potential supply chain disruptions related to climate change; and

●   lost revenue or higher expenses related to climate change events (e.g., higher insurance costs, uninsured losses, diminished customer retention in areas subject to extreme weather or resource availability constraints).

the environmental laws and regulations to which our properties are subject may change in the future, and new laws and regulations may be created. future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose additional material environmental liability. such laws include those directly regulating our climate change impacts and those which regulate the climate change impacts of companies with which we do business, such as utilities providing our facilities with electricity. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-factors which may influence future results of operations-climate change legislation." we do not know if or how the requirements will change, but changes may require that we make significant unanticipated expenditures, and such expenditures may materially adversely impact our financial condition, cash flow, results of operations, cash available for distributions, digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock's per share trading price, our competitive position and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations.
our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs to remedy the problem.
when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold may grow, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. as a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants, such as legionella, at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or increase indoor ventilation. in addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our customers, their employees, our employees and others if property damage or health concerns arise.
36
index to financial statements we may incur significant costs complying with applicable laws and governmental regulations, including the americans with disabilities act.
our business is subject to regulation under a wide variety of u.s. federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies, including those imposed by the sec, the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and the nyse, as well as applicable local, state, and national labor laws. although we have policies and procedures designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, failure to comply with the various laws and regulations may result in civil and criminal liability, fines and penalties and increased costs of compliance.
under the americans with disabilities act of 1990, or the ada, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. we have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our properties to determine our compliance with the ada or similar laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. if one or more of the properties in our portfolio does not comply with the ada or such other laws, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance. additional federal, state and local laws also may require modifications to our properties, or restrict our ability to renovate our properties. we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with the ada or other laws. if we incur substantial costs to comply with the ada and any other similar legislation or are subject to awards of damages to private litigants, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
the properties in our portfolio are subject to various federal, state and local regulations, such as state and local fire and life safety regulations. if we fail to comply with these various regulations, we may have to pay fines or damage awards to private litigants. in addition, we do not know whether existing regulations will change or whether future regulations will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures that will materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations.
our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting.
the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. while management will continue to review the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. furthermore, our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting with respect to entities that we do not control or manage may be substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to the subsidiaries that we have controlled or managed over the course of time. deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting which may occur in the future could result in misstatements of our results of operations, restatements of our financial statements, a decline in digital realty trust, inc.'s stock price, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
37
index to financial statements risks related to the interxion exchange offer the offer consideration will not be adjusted in the event of any change in the stock prices of either the company or interxion.
upon the completion of the offer, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the various closing conditions, each interxion share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn will be converted automatically into the right to receive 0.7067 shares of the digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock. the exchange ratio of 0.7067 will not be adjusted for changes in the market prices of either shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock or the interxion shares. changes in the market price of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock prior to the expiration of the offer will affect the market value of the offer consideration. stock price changes may result from a variety of factors (many of which are beyond the control of the company and interxion), including the following factors:
●   market reaction to the announcement of the offer and the prospects of the company following the transactions;

●   changes in the respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities and prospects of the company and interxion;

●   changes in market assessments of the business, operations, financial position and prospects of either company;

●   market assessments of the likelihood that the interxion transactions will be completed;

●   interest rates, general market and economic conditions and other factors generally affecting the market prices of digital realty trust, inc. common stock and the interxion shares;

●   federal, state and local legislation, governmental regulation and legal developments affecting the industries in which the company and interxion operate; and

●   other factors beyond the control of the company and interxion, including those described or referred to elsewhere in this report.

the market price of shares of the digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock at the closing of the offer may vary from its price on the date that was used to establish the exchange ratio, on the date the purchase agreement was executed, on the date of this report and at the expiration time of the offer. as a result, the market value of the offer consideration will also vary.
therefore, while the number of shares of the digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock to be issued per interxion share is fixed, (1) digital realty trust, inc. stockholders cannot be sure of the market value of the consideration that will be paid to interxion shareholders upon completion of the interxion transactions and (2) interxion shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the consideration they will receive upon completion of the interxion transactions.
digital realty trust, inc. stockholders and interxion shareholders will be diluted by the transactions.
the transactions will dilute the ownership position of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and result in interxion shareholders having an ownership stake in digital realty trust, inc. that is smaller than their current stake in interxion. upon completion of the interxion transactions, the company estimates that continuing digital realty trust, inc. stockholders will own approximately 80% of the issued and outstanding common stock of digital realty trust, inc., and former interxion shareholders will own approximately 20% of the issued and outstanding common stock of digital realty trust, inc. digital realty trust, inc. consequently, digital realty trust, inc. stockholders and interxion shareholders, as a general matter, will have less influence over the management and policies of the combined company after the completion of the transactions than each currently exercise over the management and policies of the company and interxion, as applicable.
38
index to financial statements completion of the interxion transactions is subject to many conditions and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, such transactions will not be completed, which could result in the requirement that the company or interxion pay certain termination fees.
the purchase agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants of digital realty trust, inc., buyer and interxion. until the earlier of the termination of the purchase agreement and the completion of the interxion transactions, interxion has agreed to operate its and its subsidiaries' businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and has agreed to certain other operating covenants, as set forth more fully in the purchase agreement. in addition, buyer's obligation to purchase the interxion shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of various closing conditions, including that certain required regulatory approvals shall have been received and be in full force and effect or their relevant waiting periods (and any extension thereof) shall have expired or been terminated. the company and interxion have agreed to use their respective reasonable best efforts to obtain such required approvals.
there can be no assurance that the conditions to closing of the interxion transactions will be satisfied or waived or that such transactions will be completed. failure to consummate the interxion transactions may adversely affect the company's or interxion's results of operations and business prospects for the following reasons, among others: (i) each of the company and interxion will incur certain transaction costs, regardless of whether such transactions close, which could adversely affect each company's respective financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to its security holders; and (ii) such transactions, whether or not they close, will divert the attention of certain management and other key employees of the company and interxion from ongoing business activities, including the pursuit of other opportunities that could be beneficial to the company or interxion, respectively. in addition, the company or interxion may terminate the purchase agreement under certain circumstances, which may require the company to pay interxion a termination fee of $254.3 million, or may require interxion to pay the company a termination fee of $72.6 million. if the interxion transactions are not consummated, the price of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock might decline.
the pendency of the interxion transactions could adversely affect the business and operations of the company and interxion.
prior to the completion of the interxion transactions, some customers, prospective customers or vendors of each of the company and interxion may delay or defer decisions, which could negatively affect the revenues, earnings, cash flows and expenses of the company and interxion, regardless of whether such transactions are completed. similarly, current and prospective employees of the company and interxion may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the company following the interxion transactions, which may adversely affect the ability of each of the company and interxion to attract and retain key personnel during the pendency of such transactions. in addition, during the pendency of the interxion transactions, digital realty trust, inc. has agreed not to: declare or pay any dividend, other than in the ordinary course of business; enter into a material new line of business unrelated to the current business lines; or knowingly take or fail to any action which would reasonably be expected to cause digital realty trust, inc. to fail to qualify as a reit, among other things. similarly, during the pendency of the interxion transactions, interxion has agreed not to: pursue strategic transactions; undertake significant capital projects; undertake certain significant financing transactions; incur significant indebtedness; modify, amend, renew, or extend any material customer contract other than in the ordinary course of business; hire any new senior management employees; or otherwise pursue certain material actions, even if such actions would prove beneficial to interxion.
the purchase agreement contains provisions that could discourage a potential competing acquirer of interxion or could result in a competing proposal being at a lower price than it might otherwise be.
the purchase agreement contains provisions that, subject to limited exceptions necessary to comply with the duties of interxion's board of directors, restrict the ability of interxion to solicit or initiate discussions with any third party regarding alternative acquisition proposals (as defined in the purchase agreement) or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any third party regarding such proposals. subject to certain exceptions, interxion's board of directors is not permitted to (a) withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify its recommendation to its shareholders to accept the offer
39
index to financial statements and approve and adopt certain matters, including the interxion transactions , or the interxion recommendation, (b) recommend, adopt or approve any alternative acquisition proposal, (c) publicly make any recommendation in connection with an alternative acquisition proposal other than a recommendation against such proposal, (d) fail to publicly and without qualification recommend against any alternative acquisition proposal or fail to reaffirm the interxion recommendation within certain specified time periods (any such action in this paragraph, an "adverse recommendation change"), (e) publicly propose to do any of the foregoing or (f) approve or recommend or allow interxion or any affiliates to execute or enter into, any agreement relating to any alternative acquisition proposal.
solely in response to a superior proposal (as defined in the purchase agreement) received by interxion's board of directors, which must be (i) more favorable to interxion and its shareholders and (ii) include offer consideration with a value that exceeds the offer consideration by at least 7%, interxion's board of directors may at any time prior to the expiration time of the offer make an adverse recommendation change, or terminate the purchase agreement and enter into an alternative acquisition agreement (as defined in the purchase agreement) with respect to a superior proposal if, (a) interxion has provided to digital realty trust, inc. and buyer four business days' prior written notice of the existence of and material terms and conditions of the superior proposal; (b) interxion has engaged in good faith negotiations with digital realty trust, inc. and buyer to amend the purchase agreement to make the purchase agreement at least as favorable as the alternative acquisition proposal; and (c) interxion's board of directors has determined that, in light of such superior proposal and taking into account any revised terms proposed by the company, that the failure to effect an adverse recommendation change and/or terminate the purchase agreement would be inconsistent with the directors' fiduciary duties under the laws of the netherlands.
these provisions could discourage a potential competing acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of interxion from considering or proposing such an acquisition, even if the potential competing acquirer was prepared to pay consideration with a higher per share value than the value proposed to be received or realized in the interxion transactions, or might result in a potential competing acquirer proposing to pay a lower per share value than it might otherwise have proposed to pay because of the added expense of the termination fee that may become payable in certain circumstances under the purchase agreement.
if the offer is not consummated by the end date, either the company or interxion may terminate the purchase agreement.
the purchase agreement contains certain termination rights, including, but not limited to, the right of either party to terminate the purchase agreement if the offer is not consummated on or before 11:59 p.m. (new york city time) on october 29, 2020 (the "end date"), provided that if all of the offer conditions shall have been satisfied, other than the condition that all required approvals (as defined in the purchase agreement) shall have been received, the end date shall automatically extend until the date that is 90 days following the initial end date.
the interxion transactions will result in changes to the board of directors of the combined company.
the board of directors of the combined company will consist of eleven board members designated by digital realty trust, inc. and one board member designated by interxion. laurence a. chapman, the current chairman of digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors, will serve as chairman of the board of directors of the combined company. this new composition of the board of directors of the combined company may affect the future decisions of the combined company.
risks related to the combined company following the interxion transactions the combined company expects to incur substantial expenses related to the interxion transactions.
the combined company expects to incur substantial expenses in connection with completing the interxion transactions and integrating the business, operations, networks, systems, technologies, policies and procedures of interxion with those of the company. there are several systems that must be integrated, including accounting and finance and asset management. while the company has assumed that a certain level of transaction and integration
40
index to financial statements expenses would be incurred, there are a number of factors beyond its control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the combined company's integration expenses. many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time. as a result, the transaction and integration expenses associated with the interxion transactions could, particularly in the near term, exceed the savings that the combined company expects to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings related to the integration of the businesses following the completion of such transactions.
following the interxion transactions, the combined company may be unable to integrate the businesses of the company and interxion successfully and realize the anticipated synergies and other benefits of such transactions or do so within the anticipated timeframe.
the interxion transactions involve the combination of two companies that currently operate as independent public companies. the combined company is expected to benefit from the elimination of duplicative costs associated with supporting a public company platform, technologies and systems. these savings are expected to be realized upon full integration following the closing of the interxion transactions. however, the combined company will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of the company and interxion. potential difficulties the combined company may encounter in the integration process include the following:
●   the inability to successfully combine the businesses of the company and interxion in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings anticipated to result from the interxion transactions, which would result in the anticipated benefits of such transactions not being realized in the timeframe currently anticipated or at all;

●   the complexities associated with managing the combined businesses out of several different locations and integrating personnel from the two companies;

●   the additional complexities of combining two companies with different histories, cultures, regulatory restrictions, markets and customer bases;

●   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with such transactions; and

●   performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management's attention caused by completing such transactions and integrating the companies' operations.

for all these reasons, it is possible that the integration process could result in the distraction of the combined company's management, the disruption of the combined company's ongoing business or inconsistencies in the combined company's operations, services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect the ability of the combined company to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the interxion transaction, or could otherwise adversely affect the business and financial results of the combined company.
following the interxion transactions, the combined company may be unable to retain key employees.
the success of the combined company after the interxion transactions will depend in part upon its ability to retain key company and interxion employees. key employees may depart either before or after such transactions because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the combined company following such transactions. accordingly, no assurance can be given that the company, interxion or, following the interxion transactions, the combined company will be able to retain key employees to the same extent as in the past.
41
index to financial statements the combined company's anticipated level of indebtedness will increase upon completion of the interxion transactions and may increase the related risks the company now faces.
in connection with the interxion transactions, the combined company will assume and/or refinance certain indebtedness of interxion totaling approximately $1.4 billion and may be subject to increased risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that the combined company's cash flow could be insufficient to meet required payments on its debt.
the combined company's increased indebtedness could have important consequences to holders of its common stock and preferred stock, including interxion shareholders who receive digital realty trust, inc. common stock in such transactions, including:
●   increasing the combined company's vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

●   limiting the combined company's ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements;

●   requiring the use of a substantial portion of the combined company's cash flow from operations for the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, thereby reducing its ability to use its cash flow to fund working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate requirements;

●   limiting the combined company's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and its industry; and

●   putting the combined company at a disadvantage compared to its competitors with less indebtedness.

if the combined company defaults under a mortgage loan, it may automatically be in default under any other loan that has cross-default provisions, and it may lose the properties securing these loans. although the combined company anticipates that it will pay off its mortgage payables if and when prepayment penalties and other costs and considerations make it economically feasible to do so, the combined company cannot anticipate when such payment will occur.
the future results of the combined company will suffer if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the interxion transactions.
following the interxion transactions, the combined company expects to continue to expand its operations through additional acquisitions and development, some of which may involve complex challenges. the future success of the combined company will depend, in part, upon the ability of the combined company to manage its development and expansion opportunities, which may pose substantial challenges for the combined company to complete development projects and integrate new operations into its existing business in an efficient and timely manner, and upon its ability to successfully monitor its operations, costs, regulatory compliance and service quality, and to maintain other necessary internal controls. there is no assurance that the combined company's development, expansion or acquisition opportunities will be successful, or that the combined company will realize its expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements, synergies or other benefits.
counterparties to certain significant agreements with the company or interxion may exercise contractual rights under such agreements in connection with the interxion transactions.
the company and interxion are each party to certain agreements that give the counterparty certain rights following a "change in control," including in some cases the right to terminate the agreement. under some such agreements, the closing of the offer may constitute a change in control and therefore the counterparty may exercise certain rights under the agreement upon the closing of the interxion transactions. any such counterparty may request modifications of their respective agreements as a condition to granting a waiver or consent under their agreement. there can be no assurances
42
index to financial statements that such counterparties will not exercise their rights under these agreements, including termination rights where available, or that the exercise of any such rights under, or modification of, these agreements will not adversely affect the business or operations of the combined company.
risks related to our organizational structure digital realty trust, inc.'s duty to its stockholders may conflict with the interests of digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders, on the one hand, and digital realty trust, l.p. and its partners, on the other. digital realty trust, inc.'s directors and officers have duties to digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders under maryland law in connection with their management of our company. at the same time, digital realty trust, inc., as general partner, has fiduciary duties under maryland law to digital realty trust, l.p. and to the limited partners in connection with the management of our operating partnership. digital realty trust, inc.'s duties as general partner to digital realty trust, l.p. and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of digital realty trust, inc.'s directors and officers to digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders. under maryland law, a general partner of a maryland limited partnership owes its limited partners the duties of loyalty and care, which must be discharged consistently with the obligation of good faith and fair dealing, unless the partnership agreement provides otherwise. the partnership agreement of digital realty trust, l.p. provides that for so long as digital realty trust, inc. owns a controlling interest in digital realty trust, l.p., any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders or the limited partners will be resolved in favor of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders.
the provisions of maryland law that allow the fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a partnership agreement have not been tested in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict digital realty trust, inc.'s fiduciary duties.
digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders are also subject to the following additional conflict of interest:
tax consequences upon sale or refinancing. sales of properties and repayment of certain indebtedness will affect holders of common units in digital realty trust, l.p. and digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders differently. consequently, these holders of common units in digital realty trust, l.p. may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any such sale or repayment of debt. while digital realty trust, inc. has exclusive authority under the partnership agreement of digital realty trust, l.p. to determine when to refinance or repay debt or whether, when, and on what terms to sell a property, such decisions may require the approval of digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors and digital realty trust, inc.'s ability to take such actions, to the extent that they may reduce the liabilities of digital realty trust, l.p., may be limited pursuant to the tax protection agreement that digital realty trust, inc. and digital realty trust, l.p. entered into upon completion of the dft merger. certain of digital realty trust, inc.'s directors and executive officers could exercise their influence in a manner inconsistent with the interests of some, or a majority, of digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders, including in a manner which could prevent completion of a sale of a property or the repayment of indebtedness.
digital realty trust, inc.'s charter, digital realty trust, l.p.'s partnership agreement and maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction.
these provisions include the following:
digital realty trust, inc.'s charter and the articles supplementary governing its preferred stock contain 9.8% ownership limits. digital realty trust, inc.'s charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes digital realty trust,
43
index to financial statements inc.'s board of directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve digital realty trust, inc.'s qualification as a reit and to limit any person to actual or constructive ownership of no more than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock, 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of any series of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock and 9.8% of the value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding capital stock. digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a proposed transferee from the ownership limit. however, digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors may not grant an exemption from the ownership limit to any proposed transferee whose direct or indirect ownership of more than 9.8% of the outstanding shares of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock, more than 9.8% of the outstanding shares of any series of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock or more than 9.8% of the value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding capital stock could jeopardize digital realty trust, inc.'s status as a reit. these restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors determines that it is no longer in digital realty trust, inc.'s best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a reit or that compliance is no longer required for reit qualification. the ownership limit may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might be in the best interest of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
digital realty trust, l.p.'s partnership agreement contains provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. digital realty trust, l.p.'s partnership agreement provides that digital realty trust, inc. may not engage in any merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another person, any sale of all or substantially all of its assets or any reclassification, recapitalization or change of its outstanding equity interests unless the transaction is approved by the holders of common units and long-term incentive units representing at least 35% of the aggregate percentage interests of all holders of common units and long-term incentive units and either:
●   all limited partners will receive, or have the right to elect to receive, for each common unit an amount of cash, securities or other property equal to the product of the number of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock into which a common unit is then exchangeable and the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property paid in consideration of each share of digital realty trust, inc. common stock in connection with the transaction (provided that, if, in connection with the transaction, a purchase, tender or exchange offer is made to and accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock, each holder of common units will receive, or have the right to elect to receive, the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property which such holder would have received if it exercised its right to redemption and received shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock in exchange for its common units immediately prior to the expiration of such purchase, tender or exchange offer and thereupon accepted such purchase, tender or exchange offer and the transaction was then consummated); or

●   the following conditions are met:

●   substantially all of the assets directly or indirectly owned by the surviving entity in the transaction are held directly or indirectly by digital realty trust, l.p. or another limited partnership or limited liability company which is the survivor of a merger, consolidation or combination of assets with digital realty trust, l.p., which we refer to as the surviving partnership;

●   the holders of common units and long-term incentive units own a percentage interest of the surviving partnership based on the relative fair market value of digital realty trust, l.p.'s net assets and the other net assets of the surviving partnership immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction;

●   the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of interests in the surviving partnership are at least as favorable as those in effect immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction and as those applicable to any other limited partners or non-managing members of the surviving partnership; and

●   the rights of the limited partners or non-managing members of the surviving partnership include at least one of the following: (i) the right to redeem their interests in the surviving partnership for the consideration available to such persons pursuant to digital realty trust, l.p.'s partnership agreement; or (ii) the right to redeem their interests for cash on terms equivalent to those in effect with respect to their common units immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction (or, if the ultimate controlling person of the surviving partnership has publicly traded common equity securities, for such

44
index to financial statements common equity securities, with an exchange ratio based on the determination of relative fair market value of such securities and the shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock).

these provisions may discourage others from trying to acquire control of digital realty trust, inc. and may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction that might be beneficial to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
the change of control conversion features of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock may make it more difficult for a party to take over our company or discourage a party from taking over our company. upon the occurrence of specified change of control transactions, holders of our series c preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series i preferred stock, series j preferred stock, series k preferred stock and series l preferred stock will have the right (unless, prior to the change of control conversion date, we have provided or provide notice of our election to redeem such preferred stock) to convert some or all of their series c preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series i preferred stock, series j preferred stock, series k preferred stock or series l preferred stock, as applicable, into shares of our common stock (or equivalent value of alternative consideration), subject to caps set forth in the articles supplementary governing the applicable series of preferred stock. the change of control conversion features of the series c preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series i preferred stock, series j preferred stock, series k preferred stock and series l preferred stock may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for our company or of delaying, deferring or preventing certain change of control transactions of our company under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock, series c preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series i preferred stock, series j preferred stock, series k preferred stock and series l preferred stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price or that stockholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests.
digital realty trust, inc. could increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock and issue stock without stockholder approval. digital realty trust, inc.'s charter authorizes digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors, without stockholder approval, to amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of stock of any class or series, to issue authorized but unissued shares of the digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock or preferred stock and, subject to the voting rights of holders of preferred stock, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock or preferred stock into other classes of series of stock and to set the preferences, rights and other terms of such classified or reclassified shares. although digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors has no such intention at the present time, it could establish an additional class or series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might be in the best interest of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
certain provisions of maryland law could inhibit changes in control. certain provisions of the maryland general corporation law, or mgcl, may have the effect of impeding a third party from making a proposal to acquire digital realty trust, inc. or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could be in the best interests of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders, including:
●   "business combination" provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between digital realty trust, inc. and an "interested stockholder" (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of digital realty trust, inc. who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the voting power of digital realty trust, inc.'s then outstanding shares of stock) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter impose special appraisal rights and supermajority voting requirements on these combinations; and

●   "control share" provisions that provide that "control shares" of digital realty trust, inc. (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a "control share acquisition" (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of

45
index to financial statements issued and outstanding "control shares") have no voting rights except to the extent approved by digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares.

digital realty trust, inc. has opted out of these provisions of the mgcl, in the case of the business combination provisions of the mgcl by resolution of its board of directors, and in the case of the control share provisions of the mgcl pursuant to a provision in its bylaws. however, digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors may by resolution elect to opt in to the business combination provisions of the mgcl and digital realty trust, inc. may, by amendment to its bylaws, opt in to the control share provisions of the mgcl in the future.
the provisions of digital realty trust, inc.'s charter governing removal of directors and the advance notice provisions of digital realty trust, inc.'s bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a change of control or other transaction that might be in the best interests of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders. likewise, if digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors were to opt in to the business combination provisions of the mgcl or the provisions of title 3, subtitle 8 of the mgcl not currently applicable to digital realty trust, inc., or if the provision in digital realty trust, inc.'s bylaws opting out of the control share acquisition provisions of the mgcl were rescinded, these provisions of the mgcl could have similar anti-takeover effects.
the conversion rights of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock may be detrimental to holders of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock.
digital realty trust, inc. currently has 8,050,000 shares of 6.625% series c cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock outstanding, 10,000,000 shares of 5.875% series g cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding, 10,000,000 shares of 6.350% series i cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding, 8,000,000 shares of 5.250% series j cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding, 8,400,000 shares of 5.850% series k cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding and 13,800,000 shares of 5.200% series l cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding which may be converted into digital realty trust, inc. common stock upon the occurrence of limited specified change in control transactions. the conversion of the series c preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series i preferred stock, series j preferred stock, series k preferred stock or series l preferred stock for digital realty trust, inc. common stock would dilute stockholder ownership in digital realty trust, inc. and unitholder ownership in digital realty trust, l.p., and could adversely affect the market price of digital realty trust, inc. common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.
digital realty trust, inc.'s rights and the rights of its stockholders to take action against its directors and officers are limited.
maryland law provides that digital realty trust, inc.'s directors have no liability in their capacities as directors if they perform their duties in good faith, in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the company's best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. as permitted by the mgcl, digital realty trust, inc.'s charter limits the liability of digital realty trust, inc.'s directors and officers to the company and its stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from:
●   actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or

●   a final judgment based upon a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was material to the cause of action adjudicated.

in addition, digital realty trust, inc.'s charter authorizes digital realty trust, inc. to obligate itself, and digital realty trust, inc.'s bylaws require it, to indemnify digital realty trust, inc.'s directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by maryland law. further, digital realty trust, inc. has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers. as a result, digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders may have more limited rights against its directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. accordingly, in the event that actions taken in good faith by any of digital realty trust, inc.'s directors or officers
46
index to financial statements impede the performance of the company, the company's stockholders' ability to recover damages from that director or officer will be limited.
risks related to taxes and digital realty trust, inc.'s status as a reit failure to qualify as a reit would have significant adverse consequences to digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders and to digital realty trust, l.p. and its unitholders.
digital realty trust, inc. has operated and intends to continue operating in a manner that it believes will allow it to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes under the code. digital realty trust, inc. has not requested and does not plan to request a ruling from the irs that it qualifies as a reit. qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the complexity of these provisions and of the applicable treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the code is greater in the case of a reit that, like digital realty trust, inc., holds its assets through a partnership. the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within digital realty trust, inc.'s control may affect its ability to qualify as a reit. in order to qualify as a reit, digital realty trust, inc. must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the ownership of its stock, requirements regarding the composition of its assets and requirements regarding the source of its income. also, digital realty trust, inc. must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of its net taxable income, excluding any net capital gains.
if digital realty trust, inc. loses its reit status, it will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce its cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay dividends to its stockholders, for each of the years involved because:
●   digital realty trust, inc. would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing its taxable income and would be subject to federal corporate income tax on its taxable income;

●   digital realty trust, inc. also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax for taxable years prior to 2018 and possibly increased state and local taxes; and

●   unless digital realty trust, inc. is entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, it could not elect to be taxed as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which it was disqualified.

in addition, if digital realty trust, inc. fails to qualify as a reit, it will not be required to make distributions to common stockholders, and accordingly, distributions digital realty trust, l.p. makes to its unitholders could be similarly reduced. as a result of all these factors, digital realty trust, inc.'s failure to qualify as a reit could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and could materially adversely affect the value of digital realty trust, inc.'s stock and digital realty trust, l.p.'s units.
in certain circumstances, digital realty trust, inc. may be subject to federal and state taxes as a reit, which would reduce its cash available for distribution to its stockholders.
even if digital realty trust, inc. qualifies as a reit for federal income tax purposes, it may be subject to some federal, state and local taxes on its income or property and, in certain cases, a 100% penalty tax, in the event it sells property as a dealer. in addition, our domestic corporate subsidiary, digital services, inc., which is a taxable reit subsidiary of digital realty trust, inc., could be subject to federal, state and local taxes, and our foreign properties and companies are subject to tax in the jurisdictions in which they operate and are located. a domestic taxable reit subsidiary is subject to u.s. federal income tax as a regular c corporation. in addition, a 100% excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between a taxable reit subsidiary and its parent reit that are not conducted on an arm's length basis. any federal, state or foreign taxes digital realty trust, inc. pays will reduce its cash available for distribution to stockholders.
47
index to financial statements to maintain digital realty trust, inc.'s reit status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions.
to qualify as a reit, digital realty trust, inc. generally must distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its net taxable income each year, excluding capital gains, and digital realty trust, inc. will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that it distributes less than 100% of its net taxable income each year. in addition, digital realty trust, inc. will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by digital realty trust, inc. in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of its ordinary income, 95% of its capital gain net income and 100% of its undistributed income from prior years. while historically digital realty trust, inc. has satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to its stockholders, a reit is permitted to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property. we may need to borrow funds for digital realty trust, inc. to meet the reit distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. these borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments.
dividends payable by reits do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends.
the maximum tax rate applicable to "qualified dividend income" payable to u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20%. dividends payable by reits, however, generally are not eligible for these reduced rates. under the federal tax legislation enacted in december 2017, commonly known as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax legislation"), u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20% of the ordinary dividends (i.e., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a reit for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 and before january 1, 2026. although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by reits (generally to 29.6% assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37% maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-reit corporations that pay dividends treated as qualified dividend income, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of reits, including the per share trading price of digital realty trust, inc.'s capital stock.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes.
a reit's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. in general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the irs would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors.
complying with reit requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments.
to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, digital realty trust, inc. must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, its sources of income, the nature and diversification of its assets (including its proportionate share of digital realty trust, l.p.'s assets), the amounts it distributes to its stockholders and the ownership of its capital stock. if digital realty trust, inc. fails to comply with one or more of the asset tests at the end of any calendar quarter, it must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing its reit qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. in order to meet these tests, we may be required to forgo investments we might otherwise make or to liquidate otherwise attractive
48
index to financial statements investments. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may hinder our performance and reduce amounts available for distribution to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
the power of digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors to revoke digital realty trust, inc.'s reit election without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
digital realty trust, inc.'s charter provides that its board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate its reit election, without the approval of its stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in digital realty trust, inc.'s best interests to continue to qualify as a reit. if digital realty trust, inc. ceases to qualify as a reit, it would become subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on its taxable income and it would no longer be required to distribute most of its taxable income to its stockholders and, accordingly, distributions digital realty trust, l.p. makes to its unitholders could be similarly reduced.
if digital realty trust l.p. fails to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, digital realty trust, inc. would fail to qualify as a reit and suffer other adverse consequences.
we believe that digital realty trust, l.p. has been organized and operated in a manner that will allow it to be treated as a partnership, and not an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation, for federal income tax purposes. as a partnership, digital realty trust, l.p. is not subject to federal income tax on its income. instead, each of its partners, including digital realty trust, inc., is allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, that partner's share of digital realty trust, l.p.'s income. no assurance can be provided, however, that the irs will not challenge digital realty trust, l.p.'s status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. if the irs were successful in treating digital realty trust, l.p. as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, digital realty trust, inc. would fail to meet the gross income tests and certain of the asset tests applicable to reits and, accordingly, would cease to qualify as a reit. such reit qualification failure could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and would materially adversely affect the value of digital realty trust, inc.'s stock and digital realty trust, l.p.'s units. also, the failure of digital realty trust, l.p. to qualify as a partnership would cause it to become subject to federal corporate income tax, which would reduce significantly the amount of its cash available for debt service and for distribution to its partners, including digital realty trust, inc.
our tax protection agreement may require the operating partnership to maintain certain debt levels that otherwise would not be required to operate our business.
in connection with the dft merger, we entered into a tax protection agreement with a number of limited partners of dupont fabros technology, l.p. (the "protected partners"), all of whom became limited partners of the operating partnership. pursuant to this tax protection agreement, the protected partners entered into a guarantee of certain debt of a subsidiary of the operating partnership. the operating partnership is required to offer the protected partners a new guarantee opportunity in the event any guaranteed debt is repaid prior to march 1, 2023. if the operating partnership fails to offer the guarantee opportunity or to allocate guaranteed debt to a protected partner as required under the tax protection agreement, the operating partnership generally would be required to indemnify each protected partner for the tax liability resulting from such failure, as determined under the tax protection agreement. these obligations may require the operating partnership to maintain more or different indebtedness than we would otherwise require for our business.
changes in u.s. or foreign tax laws and regulations, including changes to tax rates, legislation and other actions may adversely affect our results of operations, our stockholders, digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders and us.
we are headquartered in the united states with subsidiaries and operations globally and are subject to income taxes in these jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. although we believe that we have adequately assessed and accounted for our potential tax liabilities, and that our tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no assurance that additional taxes will not be due upon audit of our tax returns or as a result of
49
index to financial statements changes to applicable tax laws. the governments of many of the countries in which we operate may enact changes to the tax laws of such countries, including changes to the corporate recognition and taxation of worldwide income. the nature and timing of any changes to each jurisdiction's tax laws and the impact on our future tax liabilities cannot be predicted with any accuracy but could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
additionally, each of our properties is subject to real property and personal property taxes. these taxes may increase as tax rates change and as the properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. any increase in property taxes on our properties could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
further, the rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the irs and the u.s. department of the treasury. changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders, digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders and us. we cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors and us. new legislation, treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect digital realty trust, inc.'s ability to qualify as a reit, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. moreover, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a reit.
the 2017 tax legislation significantly changed the u.s. federal income taxation of u.s. businesses and their owners, including reits and their stockholders. the legislation remains unclear in many respects and could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, as well as interpretations and implementing regulations by the irs and the u.s. department of the treasury, any of which could lessen or increase the impact of the legislation. in addition, it remains unclear how these u.s. federal income tax changes will affect state and local taxation, which often uses federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities.
tax liabilities and attributes inherited in connection with acquisitions may adversely impact our business.
from time to time we may acquire other corporations or entities and, in connection with such acquisitions, we may succeed to the historic tax attributes and liabilities of such entities. for example, if we acquire a c corporation and subsequently dispose of its assets within five years of the acquisition, we could be required to pay tax on any built-in gain attributable to such assets determined as of the date on which we acquired the assets. in addition, in order to qualify as a reit, at the end of any taxable year, we must not have any earnings and profits accumulated in a non-reit year. as a result, if we acquire a c corporation, we must distribute the corporation's earnings and profits accumulated prior to the acquisition before the end of the taxable year in which we acquire the corporation. we also could be required to pay the acquired entity's unpaid taxes even though such liabilities arose prior to the time we acquired the entity.
forward-looking statements we make statements in this report that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. in particular, statements pertaining to our capital resources, portfolio performance, our ability to lease vacant space and space under development, leverage policy and acquisition and capital expenditure plans, as well as our discussion of "factors which may influence future results of operations," contain forward-looking statements. likewise, all of our statements regarding anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects," "may," "will," "should," "seeks," "approximately," "intends," "plans," "pro forma," "estimates" or "anticipates" or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. you can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions.
forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise and we may not be able to realize them. we do not guarantee that the transactions and events
50
index to financial statements described will happen as described or that they will happen at all. the following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements:
●   reduced demand for data centers or decreases in information technology spending;

●   increased competition or available supply of data center space;

●   decreased rental rates, increased operating costs or increased vacancy rates;

●   the suitability of our data centers and data center infrastructure, delays or disruptions in connectivity or availability of power, or failures or breaches of our physical and information security infrastructure or services;

●   our dependence upon significant customers, bankruptcy or insolvency of a major customer or a significant number of smaller customers, or defaults on or non-renewal of leases by customers;

●   breaches of our obligations or restrictions under our contracts with our customers;

●   our inability to successfully develop and lease new properties and development space, and delays or unexpected costs in development of properties;

●   the impact of current global and local economic, credit and market conditions;

●   our inability to retain data center space that we lease or sublease from third parties;

●   information security and data privacy breaches;

●   difficulties managing an international business and acquiring or operating properties in foreign jurisdictions and unfamiliar metropolitan areas;

●   our failure to realize the intended benefits from, or disruptions to our plans and operations or unknown or contingent liabilities related to, our recent acquisitions;

●   our failure to successfully integrate and operate acquired or developed properties or businesses;

●   difficulties in identifying properties to acquire and completing acquisitions;

●   risks related to joint venture investments, including as a result of our lack of control of such investments;

●   risks associated with using debt to fund our business activities, including re-financing and interest rate risks, our failure to repay debt when due, adverse changes in our credit ratings or our breach of covenants or other terms contained in our loan facilities and agreements;

●   our failure to obtain necessary debt and equity financing, and our dependence on external sources of capital;

●   financial market fluctuations and changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

●   adverse economic or real estate developments in our industry or the industry sectors that we sell to, including risks relating to decreasing real estate valuations and impairment charges and goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges;

●   our inability to manage our growth effectively;

●   losses in excess of our insurance coverage;

●   our inability to attract and retain talent;

●   impact on our operations during a pandemic;

●   environmental liabilities, risks related to natural disasters and our inability to achieve our sustainability goals;

●   our inability to comply with rules and regulations applicable to our company;

●   digital realty trust, inc.'s failure to maintain its status as a reit for federal income tax purposes;

●   digital realty trust, l.p.'s failure to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes;

●   restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities; and

●   changes in local, state, federal and international laws and regulations, including related to taxation, real estate and zoning laws, and increases in real property tax rates.

the risks included here are not exhaustive, and additional factors could adversely affect our business and financial performance, including factors and risks included in other sections of this report, including under part i, item 1a, risk factors. moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. new risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to identify all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. while forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guaranties of future performance. we disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise
51
index to financial statements any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes.
item 7.      management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. we make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this report entitled "forward-looking statements." certain risk factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. for a discussion of such risk factors, see the sections in this report entitled "risk factors" and "forward-looking statements."
occupancy percentages included in the following discussion, for some of our properties, are calculated based on factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including available power, required support space and common area.
overview our company. digital realty trust, inc. completed its initial public offering of common stock, or our ipo, on november 3, 2004. we believe that we have operated in a manner that has enabled us to qualify, and have elected to be treated, as a reit under sections 856 through 860 of the code. our company was formed on march 9, 2004. during the period from our formation until we commenced operations in connection with the completion of our ipo, we did not have any corporate activity other than the issuance of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock in connection with the initial capitalization of the company. our operating partnership was formed on july 21, 2004.
business and strategy. our primary business objectives are to maximize: (i) sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, (ii) cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and (iii) return on invested capital. we expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. we plan to focus on our core business of investing in and developing and operating data centers. a significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development and acquisition of new properties. we target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers and properties that may be developed for such use. most of our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling and high-level security systems. we focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to outpace the overall economy.
as of december 31, 2019, our portfolio included 225 data centers, including 12 held-for-sale data centers and 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, with approximately 36.6 million rentable square feet including approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for development. the 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures have an aggregate of approximately 5.0 million rentable square feet. the 24 parcels of developable land we own comprised approximately 944 acres. at december 31, 2019, excluding non-managed joint ventures, approximately 4.1 million square feet was under construction for turn-key flex® and powered base building® products, all of which are expected to be income producing on or after completion, in seven u.s. metropolitan areas, five european metropolitan areas, three asian metropolitan areas, one australian metropolitan area and one canadian metropolitan area, consisting of approximately 2.9 million square feet of base building construction and 1.2 million square feet of data center construction.
we have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical and other criteria. we expect to continue to acquire additional assets as part of our growth
65
index to financial statements strategy. we intend to aggressively manage and lease our assets to increase their cash flow. we may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated demand and returns.
we may acquire properties subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or we may incur new indebtedness in connection with acquiring or refinancing these properties. debt service on such indebtedness will have a priority over any cash dividends with respect to digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and preferred stock. we are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure. we target a debt-to-adjusted ebitda ratio at or less than 5.5x, fixed charge coverage of greater than three times, and floating rate debt at less than 20% of total outstanding debt. in addition, we strive to maintain a well-laddered debt maturity schedule, and we seek to maximize the menu of our available sources of capital, while minimizing the cost.
revenue base. as of december 31, 2019, we operated 225 data centers through our operating partnership, including 12 held-for-sale data centers and 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, and developable land. these data centers are mainly located throughout north america, with 41 located in europe, 19 in latin america, 10 in asia and five in australia.
the following table presents an overview of our portfolio of data centers, including the 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, and developable land, based on information as of december 31, 2019.

space under data center          net rentable       active                space held for metropolitan area                         buildings       square feet (1)       development (2)       development (3)
north america northern virginia                                23             5,332,240       717,918               81,195
chicago                                          10             3,040,208       386,604               148,650
new york                                         12             2,048,955       34,010                137,018
silicon valley                                   20             2,251,021       65,594                -
dallas                                           20             3,354,328       182,589               49,646
phoenix                                           3               795,687       -                     227,274
san francisco                                     4               787,083       61,210                -
atlanta                                           4               525,414       -                     313,581
los angeles                                       4               818,479       -                     -
toronto                                           2               232,980       583,029               -
boston                                            4               467,519       -                     50,649
houston                                           6               392,816       -                     13,969
austin                                            1                85,688       -                     -
miami                                             2               226,314       -                     -
portland                                          2                48,574       552,862               -
minneapolis                                       1               328,765       -                     -
charlotte                                         3                95,499       -                     -
north america total                             121            20,831,571       2,583,816             1,021,982
europe london, united kingdom                           16             1,456,352       136,921               99,175
amsterdam, netherlands                           10               599,591       48,490                95,262
dublin, ireland                                   5               265,430       26,646                64,750
frankfurt, germany                                4               222,261       185,814               -
paris, france                                     4               185,994       96,402                -
geneva, switzerland                               1                59,190       -                     -
manchester, england                               1                38,016       -                     -
europe total                                     41             2,826,835       494,273               259,187
asia pacific singapore                                         3               540,638       344,826               -
sydney, australia                                 3               225,728       88,629                -
melbourne, australia                              2               146,570       -                     -
osaka, japan                                      1                     -       193,535               -
tokyo, japan                                      1                     -       406,664               -
asia pacific total                               10               912,936       1,033,654             -
held for sale                                    12             1,377,405       -                     -
non-data center properties                        -               278,068       -                     -
managed unconsolidated joint ventures northern virginia                                 7             1,250,419       -                     -
66
index to financial statements hong kong                    1         182,488             -             3,812

silicon valley                                4          326,305       -               -
dallas                                        3          319,876       -               -
new york                                      1          108,336       -               -
16        2,187,424       -               3,812
non-managed unconsolidated joint ventures são paulo, brazil                            15          739,373       219,118         394,988
seattle                                       2          451,369       -               -
tokyo, japan                                  2          430,277       -               -
osaka, japan                                  2          207,464       93,748          30,874
fortaleza, brazil                             1           94,205       -               -
rio de janeiro, brazil                        2           72,442       -               26,781
santiago, chile                               1                -       46,474          20,865
25        1,995,130       359,340         473,508
total                                       225       30,409,369       4,471,083       1,758,490
(1)   current net rentable square feet as of december 31, 2019, which represents the current square feet under lease as specified in the applicable lease agreements plus management's estimate of space available for lease based on engineering drawings. includes customers' proportional share of common areas and excludes space under active development and space held for development.

(2)   space under active development includes current base building and data center projects in progress.

(3)   space held for development includes space held for future data center development, and excludes space under active development.

as of december 31, 2019, our portfolio, including the 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, were approximately 86.8% leased excluding approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for development. due to the capital-intensive and long-term nature of the operations being supported, our lease terms are generally longer than standard commercial leases. as of december 31, 2019, our average remaining lease term is approximately five years. our scheduled lease expirations through december 31, 2021 are 19.9% of rentable square feet excluding month-to-month leases, space under active development and space held for development as of december 31, 2019.
factors which may influence future results of operations global market and economic conditions. general economic conditions and the cost and availability of capital may be adversely affected in some or all of the metropolitan areas in which we own properties and conduct our operations. in june 2016, a majority of voters in the united kingdom elected to withdraw from the european union in a national referendum. the united kingdom formally withdrew from the european union on january 31, 2020 and entered into a transition period during which it will continue its ongoing and complex negotiations with the european union relating to the future trading relationship between the parties. significant political and economic uncertainty remains about whether the terms of the relationship will differ materially from the terms before withdrawal, as well as about the possibility that a so-called "no deal" separation will occur if negotiations are not completed by the end of the transition period. instability in the u.s., european, asia pacific and other international financial markets and economies may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our customers, to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements and may result in adverse effects on our, and our customers', financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our access to funds under our global revolving credit facilities depends on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. we cannot assure you that long-term disruptions in the global economy and the return of tighter credit conditions among, and potential failures or nationalizations of, third party financial institutions as a result of such disruptions will not have an adverse effect on our lenders. if our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
67
index to financial statements if we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, access our existing lines of credit or raise equity or debt capital, we may need to source alternative ways to increase our liquidity. such alternatives may include, without limitation, curtailing development activity, disposing of one or more of our properties possibly on disadvantageous terms or entering into or renewing leases on less favorable terms than we otherwise would.
foreign currency exchange risk. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had foreign operations including through our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, in the united kingdom, ireland, france, the netherlands, germany, switzerland, canada, singapore, australia, japan, hong kong and brazil, and, as such, are subject to risk from the effects of exchange rate movements of foreign currencies, which may affect future costs and cash flows. our foreign operations are conducted in the british pound sterling, euro, canadian dollar, brazilian real, singapore dollar, australian dollar, japanese yen and the hong kong dollar. our primary currency exposures are to the british pound sterling, the euro and the singapore dollar. the withdrawal of the united kingdom (or any other country) from the european union, or prolonged periods of uncertainty relating to any of these possibilities, could result in increased foreign currency exchange volatility. we attempt to mitigate a portion of the risk of currency fluctuation by financing our investments in the local currency denominations, although there can be no assurance that this will be effective. as a result, changes in the relation of any such foreign currency to u.s. dollars may affect our revenues, operating margins and distributions and may also affect the book value of our assets, the book value of our debt and the amount of stockholders' equity.
rental income. the amount of rental income generated by the data centers in our portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to maintain or improve the occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space and space available from lease terminations. excluding approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for development as of december 31, 2019, the occupancy rate of our portfolio, including the 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 86.8% of our net rentable square feet.
as of december 31, 2019, we had over 2,000 tenants in our data center portfolio, including the 16 data centers held in our managed portfolio of unconsolidated joint ventures. as of december 31, 2019, approximately 89% of our leases (on a rentable square footage basis) contained base rent escalations that were either fixed (generally ranging from 2% to 4%) or indexed based on a consumer price index or other similar inflation related index. we cannot assure you that these escalations will cover any increases in our costs or will otherwise keep rental rates at or above market rates.
the amount of rental income we generate also depends on maintaining or increasing rental rates at our properties, which in turn depends on several factors, including supply and demand and market rates for data center space. included in our approximately 26.2 million net rentable square feet, excluding space under active development and space held for development and 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, at december 31, 2019 is approximately 1.8 million square feet of data center space with extensive installed tenant improvements available for lease. our turn-key flex® product is an effective solution for customers who prefer to utilize a partner with the expertise or capital budget to provide extensive data center infrastructure and security. our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to these customers at a premium over other uses. in addition, as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for development, or approximately 17% of the total rentable space in our portfolio, including the 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. development space requires significant capital investment in order to develop data center facilities that are ready for use and, in addition, we may require additional time or encounter delays in securing customers for development space. we may purchase additional vacant properties and properties with vacant development space in the future. we will require additional capital to finance our development activities, which may not be available or may not be available on terms acceptable to us, including as a result of the conditions described above under "global market and economic conditions."
68
index to financial statements in addition, the timing between when we sign a new lease with a customer and when that lease commences and we begin to generate rental income may be significant and may not be easily predictable. certain leases may provide for staggered commencement dates for additional space, the timing of which may be delayed significantly.
economic downturns, including as a result of the conditions described above under "global market and economic conditions," or regional downturns affecting our metropolitan areas or downturns in the data center industry that impair our ability to lease or renew or re-lease space, or otherwise reduce returns on our investments or the ability of our customers to fulfill their lease commitments, as in the case of customer bankruptcies, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties.
dispositions. dispositions of our properties, to the extent such properties are operating properties, will reduce our revenue and operating income unless offset by acquisitions, leasing of development space or rental rate increases. in november 2019, we completed our joint venture with mapletree investments and mapletree industrial trust, which we refer to collectively as mapletree, on three existing fully leased turn-key flex® data centers located in ashburn, virginia. we retained a 20% ownership interest in the joint venture, while mapletree acquired the remaining 80% stake for approximately $811 million. subsequent to year-end, mapletree acquired a portfolio of 10 powered base building® properties, which were fully leased, from us for a total purchase price of approximately $557 million, before customary closing costs and transaction fees.
non-recurring income. transactions that we enter into, including, for example, joint venture contributions of our properties, may generate income that is not duplicated in similar or other transactions. for example, certain income generated from our previously disclosed ascenty joint venture with brookfield is not likely to recur. additionally, other non-recurring income, such as tax credits, which we receive in one year is not likely to occur in future periods.
scheduled lease expirations. our ability to re-lease expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. in addition to approximately 3.6 million square feet of available space in our portfolio, which excludes approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for development as of december 31, 2019 and the 25 data centers held as investments in our non-managed unconsolidated joint ventures, leases representing approximately 8.4% and 11.5% of the net rentable square footage of our portfolio are scheduled to expire during the years ending december 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we had the highest lease expirations, based on net rentable square footage, in our history. although our customer retention was a little over 80% of expiring leases, in line with our long-term average, the impact of these expirations may potentially weigh on near-term results. while we expect to be able to re-lease available space, an inability to re-lease available space could potentially have an impact on our operating income going forward.
69
index to financial statements during the year ended december 31, 2019, we signed new leases totaling approximately 1.7 million square feet of space and renewal leases totaling approximately 4.9 million square feet of space. the following table summarizes our leasing activity in the year ended december 31, 2019:

ti's/lease             weighted commissions        average lease rentable       expiring                  new        rental rate          per square                terms square feet (1)       rates (2)           rates (2)        changes                    foot              (years)
leasing activity (3)(4)
renewals signed turn-key flex ®                      1,804,230       $148.86               $152.34                2.3   %           $6.36                  4.7
powered base building ®              2,347,564       $31.73                 $36.51               15.0   %          $10.82                 14.2
colocation                             502,679       $279.25               $285.44                2.2   %           $0.03                  1.2
non-technical                          289,342       $17.43                 $20.70               18.7   %           $4.09                  5.6
new leases signed (5)
turn-key flex ®                      1,280,465              -              $136.57        -                        $23.45                  6.8
powered base building ®                196,073              -               $48.68        -                        $21.67                 10.7
colocation                              98,521              -              $310.58        -                        $29.50                  2.0
non-technical                          126,883              -               $16.97        -                         $4.78                  4.5
leasing activity summary turn-key flex ®                      3,084,695                             $145.79
powered base building ®              2,543,637                              $37.44
colocation                             601,200                             $289.56
non-technical                          416,225                              $19.56
(1)   for some of our properties, we calculate square footage based on factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including power, required support space and common area.

(2)   rental rates represent annual estimated cash rent per rentable square foot adjusted for straight-line rents in accordance with gaap. gaap rental rates are inclusive of tenant concessions, if any.

(3)   excludes short-term leases.

(4)   commencement dates for the leases signed range from 2019 to 2020.

(5)   includes leases signed for new and re-leased space.

our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. we continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space. for the year ended december 31, 2019, rents on renewed space increased by an average of 2.3% on a gaap basis on our turn-key flex® space compared to the expiring rents and increased by an average of 15.0% on a gaap basis on our powered base building® space compared to the expiring rents. our past performance may not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our data centers will be re-leased at all or at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. further, re-leased/renewed rental rates in a particular metropolitan area may not be consistent with rental rates across our portfolio as a whole and may fluctuate from one period to another due to a number of factors, including local real estate conditions, local supply and demand for data center space, competition from other data center developers or operators, the condition of the property and whether the property, or space within the property, has been developed.
70
index to financial statements geographic concentration. we depend on the market for data centers in specific geographic regions and significant changes in these regional or metropolitan areas can impact our future results. as of december 31, 2019, our portfolio, including the 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was geographically concentrated in the following metropolitan areas:

percentage of december 31, 2019
total annualized metropolitan area                      rent (1)
northern virginia                          24.0   %
chicago                                    11.2   %
silicon valley                              8.2   %
london, united kingdom                      8.1   %
new york                                    8.1   %
dallas                                      7.6   %
são paulo, brazil                           4.3   %
phoenix                                     3.2   %
singapore                                   3.1   %
san francisco                               2.4   %
seattle                                     2.4   %
atlanta                                     2.1   %
los angeles                                 1.7   %
amsterdam, netherlands                      1.6   %
other                                      12.0   %
total                                     100.0   %
(1)   annualized rent is monthly contractual rent (defined as cash base rent before abatements) under existing leases as of december 31, 2019 multiplied by 12. the aggregate amount of abatements for the year ended december 31, 2019 was approximately $70.3 million. includes consolidated portfolio and unconsolidated joint ventures at the joint ventures' 100% ownership level.

operating expenses. our operating expenses generally consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, property management fees, insurance and site maintenance costs, as well as rental expenses on our ground and building leases. in particular, our buildings require significant power to support the data center operations contained in them. many of our leases contain provisions under which the tenants reimburse us for all or a portion of property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred by us. however, in some cases we are not entitled to reimbursement of property operating expenses, other than utility expense, and real estate taxes under our leases for turn-key flex® facilities. we also incur general and administrative expenses, including expenses relating to our asset management function, as well as significant legal, accounting and other expenses related to corporate governance, securities exchange commission, or the sec, reporting and compliance with the various provisions of the sarbanes-oxley act. increases or decreases in such operating expenses will impact our overall performance. we expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand.
significant transactions. the prospect of future share dilution related to pending and future transactions could negatively impact our share price and per share results of operations. on october 29, 2019, digital realty trust, inc. and its indirect, wholly owned subsidiary entered into a purchase agreement pursuant to which we commenced an offer to purchase all ordinary shares of interxion holding, n.v., a public limited liability company organized under the laws of the netherlands, which we refer to as the offer. we expect to complete the offer in march 2020. upon the completion of the offer, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the various closing conditions, each interxion share validly tendered and not properly withdrawn will be converted automatically into the right to receive 0.7067 shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock. the transactions will dilute the ownership position of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and result in interxion shareholders having an ownership stake in digital realty trust, inc. that represents about 20% of the combined company. the share issuances in the interxion transactions, or in future significant
71
index to financial statements transactions, may reduce our net income per share available to common stockholders, and could negatively impact the trading price of our common stock.
climate change legislation. in june 2009, the u.s. house of representatives approved comprehensive clean energy and climate change legislation intended to cut greenhouse gas, or ghg, emissions, via a cap-and-trade program. the u.s. senate did not subsequently pass similar legislation. significant opposition to federal climate change legislation exists.
in the absence of comprehensive federal climate change legislation, regulatory agencies, including the u.s. environmental protection agency, or epa, and states have taken the lead in regulating ghg emissions in the u.s. under the obama administration, the epa moved aggressively to regulate ghg emissions from automobiles and large stationary sources, including electricity producers, using its own authority under the clean air act. the trump administration has moved to eliminate or modify certain of the epa's ghg emissions regulations and refocus the epa's mission away from such regulation.
the epa made an endangerment finding in 2009 that allows it to create regulations imposing emissions reporting, permitting, control technology installation, and monitoring requirements applicable to certain emitters of ghgs, including facilities that provide electricity to our data centers, although the materiality of the impacts will not be fully known until all regulations are finalized and legal challenges are resolved. under the obama administration, the epa finalized rules imposing permitting and control technology requirements upon certain newly-constructed or modified facilities which emit ghgs under the clean air act new source review prevention of significant deterioration, or nsr psd, and title v permitting programs. as a result, newly-issued nsr psd and title v permits for new or modified electricity generating units (egus) and other facilities may need to address ghg emissions, including by requiring the installation of "best available control technology." the epa implemented in december 2015 the "clean power plan" regulating carbon dioxide (co2) emissions from new and existing coal-fired and natural gas egus. the clean power plan subjected new, modified, and reconstructed egus to "new source performance standards" that include both technological requirements and numeric emission limits. however, in march 2017, president trump ordered the epa to review and if appropriate revise or rescind the clean power plan, and in june 2019 the epa repealed the clean power plan and issued the "affordable clean energy rule" to replace the clean power plan. the affordable clean energy rule requires heat rate efficiency improvements at certain egus, but does not place numeric limits on egu emissions. separately, the epa's ghg "reporting rule" requires that certain emitters, including electricity generators, monitor and report ghg emissions.
as a result of trump administration policies, states may drive near-term regulation to reduce ghg emissions in the united states. at the state level, california implemented a ghg cap-and-trade program that began imposing compliance obligations on industrial sectors, including electricity generators and importers, in january 2013. in september 2016, california adopted legislation calling for a further reduction in ghg emissions to 40% below 1990 levels by 2030, and in july 2017, california extended its cap-and-trade program through 2030. in september 2018, california adopted legislation that will require all of the state's electricity to come from carbon-free sources by 2045. as another example of state action, a number of eastern states participate in the regional greenhouse gas initiative (rggi), a market-based program aimed at reducing ghg emissions from power plants.
outside the united states, the european union, or eu (as well as the united kingdom), have been operating since 2005 under a cap-and-trade program, which directly affects the largest emitters of ghgs, including electricity producers from whom we purchase power, and the eu has taken a number of other climate change-related initiatives, including a directive targeted at improving energy efficiency (which introduces energy efficiency auditing requirements). eu commission president-elect ursula von der leyen announced her intent in july 2019 to extend the eu emissions-trading system to include mobile sources, strengthen the eu's ghg reduction target from 40% below 1990 levels to 50% to 55% below 1990 levels, and institute a carbon import tax to encourage climate legislation in other countries. in december 2019, eu leaders endorsed the objective of achieving a climate-neutral eu, with net-zero ghg emissions with the exception of poland, by 2050. national legislation may also be implemented independently by members of the eu. it is not yet clear how brexit will impact the united kingdom's approach to climate change regulation.
72
index to financial statements the paris agreement, which was adopted by the united states and 194 other countries and looks to prevent global average temperatures from increasing by more than 2 degrees celsius above preindustrial levels officially went into force in november 2016. president trump announced in june 2017 that he will initiate the process to withdraw the united states from the paris agreement; however, a number of states have formed groups supporting the paris agreement and pledging to fulfill its goals at the state level.
the canadian greenhouse gas pollution pricing act established a carbon-pricing regime that went into effect in january 2019 for provinces and territories in canada where there is no provincial system in place already, or where the provincial system does not meet the federal benchmark. climate change regulations are also in various stages of implementation in other nations as well, including nations where we operate, such as japan, singapore, and australia.
the cost of electric power comprises a significant component of our operating expenses. any additional taxation or regulation of energy use, including as a result of (i) new legislation that congress may pass, (ii) the regulations that the epa has proposed or finalized, (iii) regulations under legislation that states have passed or may pass, or (iv) any further legislation or regulations in the eu or other regions where we operate could significantly increase our costs, and we may not be able to effectively pass all of these costs on to our customers. these matters could adversely impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
interest rates. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $0.5 billion of variable rate debt subject to interest rate swap agreements, along with $0.2 billion and $0.4 billion of variable rate debt that was outstanding on the global revolving credit facilities and the unswapped portion of the unsecured term loans, respectively. the availability of debt and equity capital may decrease or be on unfavorable terms as a result of the circumstances described above under "global market and economic conditions" or other factors. the effects on commercial real estate mortgages, if available, include, but may not be limited to: higher loan spreads, tightened loan covenants, reduced loan-to-value ratios resulting in lower borrower proceeds and higher principal payments. potential future increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest expense and fixed charges and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, potentially impacting our future access to the debt and equity capital markets. increased interest rates may also increase the risk that the counterparties to our swap agreements will default on their obligations, which could further increase our interest expense. if we cannot obtain capital from third party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities exist, satisfy our debt service obligations or pay the cash dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders necessary to maintain its qualification as a reit.
demand for data center space. our portfolio consists primarily of data centers. a decrease in the demand for, or increase in supply of, data center space, internet gateway facilities or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified customer base or less specialized use. we have invested in building out additional inventory primarily in what we anticipate will be our active major metropolitan areas prior to having executed leases with respect to this space. we believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply and continue to see strong demand in other key metropolitan areas across our portfolio. however, until this inventory is leased up, which will depend on a number of factors, including available data center space in these metropolitan areas, our return on invested capital is negatively impacted. our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and the other circumstances described above under "global market and economic conditions," as well as adverse developments in the corporate data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate it spending or reduced demand for data center space. reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently serve. changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. in addition, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render many of our customers' current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. in addition, demand for data center space, or the rates at which we lease space, may be adversely impacted either across our portfolio or in specific metropolitan areas as a result of an
73
index to financial statements increase in the number of competitors, or the amount of space being offered in our metropolitan areas and other metropolitan areas by our competitors.
critical accounting policies our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. the preparation of these financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses in the reporting period. our actual results may differ from these estimates. we have provided a summary of our significant accounting policies in item 8, note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements. we describe below those accounting policies that require material subjective or complex judgments and that have the most significant impact on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. our management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions management believes are reasonable as of the date on the front cover of this report.
investments in real estate acquisition of real estate. the price that we pay to acquire a property is impacted by many factors including the condition of the property and improvements, the occupancy of the building, the term and rate of in-place leases, the creditworthiness of the customers, favorable or unfavorable financing, above- or below-market ground leases and numerous other factors.
accordingly, we are required to make subjective assessments to allocate the purchase price paid to acquire investments in real estate among the identifiable assets including intangibles and liabilities assumed based on our estimate of the fair value of such assets and liabilities. this includes determining the value of the property and improvements, land, ground leases, if any, and tenant improvements. additionally, we evaluate the value of in-place leases on occupancy and market rent, the value of the tenant relationships, the value (or negative value) of above (or below) market leases, any debt or deferred taxes assumed from the seller or loans made by the seller to us and any building leases assumed from the seller. each of these estimates requires a great deal of judgment and some of the estimates involve complex calculations. these allocation assessments have a direct impact on our results of operations. for example, if we were to allocate more value to land, there would be no depreciation with respect to such amount. if we were to allocate more value to the property as opposed to allocating to the value of in-place tenant leases, this amount would be recognized as an expense over a much longer period of time. this potential effect occurs because the amounts allocated to property are depreciated over the estimated lives of the property whereas amounts allocated to in-place tenant leases are amortized over the estimated term (including renewal and extension assumptions) of the leases. additionally, the amortization of the value (or negative value) assigned to above (or below) market rate leases is recorded as an adjustment to rental revenue as compared to amortization of the value of in-place tenant leases and tenant relationships, which is included in depreciation and amortization in our consolidated income statements.
from time to time, we will receive offers from third parties to purchase our properties, either solicited or unsolicited. for those offers that we accept, the prospective buyers will usually require a due diligence period before consummation of the transactions. it is not unusual for matters to arise that result in the withdrawal or rejection of the offer during this process. we classify real estate as "held for sale" when all criteria under the gaap guidance have been met.
asset impairment evaluation. we review each of our properties for indicators that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. examples of such indicators may include a significant decrease in the market price of the property, a change in the expected holding period for the property, a significant adverse change in how the property is being used or expected to be used based on the underwriting at the time of acquisition, an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or development of the property, or a history of operating or cash flow losses of the property. when such impairment indicators exist, we review an estimate of the future undiscounted net
74
index to financial statements cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the property's or asset group's use and eventual disposition and compare that estimate to the carrying value of the property or the asset group. we consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. if our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates that we are unable to recover the carrying value of a property or asset group, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property or fair value of the properties within the asset group. these losses have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. the evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. since cash flows on properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether the carrying value of a property or asset group is recoverable, our strategy of holding properties over the long-term directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable and therefore requiring the recording of an impairment loss. if our strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized, and such loss could be material. if we determine that the asset fails the recoverability test, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value.
we generally estimate the fair value of rental properties utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis that includes projections of future revenues, expenses and capital improvement costs that a market participant would use based on the highest and best use of the asset, which is similar to the income approach that is commonly utilized by appraisers. in certain cases, we may supplement this analysis by obtaining outside broker opinions of value.
goodwill impairment evaluation. we perform an annual impairment test for goodwill and between annual tests, we evaluate goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.  in our impairment tests of goodwill, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value.  if based on this assessment, we determine that the fair value of the reporting unit is not less than its carrying value, then performing the additional two-step impairment test is unnecessary. if our qualitative assessment indicates that goodwill impairment is more likely than not, we perform a two-step impairment test. we test goodwill for impairment under the two-step impairment test by first comparing the book value of net assets including goodwill to the fair value of the reporting unit. we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit using a technique based on a performance measure or measures consistent with the objective of measuring fair value, which may include quoted market prices, multiples of earnings or discounted cash flows. if the fair value is determined to be less than the book value of the net assets, including goodwill, a second step is performed to compute the amount of impairment as the difference between the implied fair value of goodwill and its carrying value. if the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment charge is recognized.
revenue recognition the majority of our revenue is derived from lease arrangements, which we account for in accordance with "leases (topic 840)" prior to 2019 and pursuant to topic 842 commencing on january 1, 2019. we accounted for the non-lease components within our lease arrangements (prior to the adoption of topic 842), as well as other sources of revenue, in accordance with topic 606. upon the adoption of topic 842, we elected the practical expedient that requires us to account for lease and non-lease components associated with that lease as a single lease component, which are recorded within rental revenue.
we commence recognition of income from rentals related to the operating leases at the date the property is ready for its intended use by the tenant and the tenant takes possession, or controls the physical use, of the leased asset. our leases are classified as operating leases and minimum rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, which may span multiple years. the excess of rents recognized over amounts contractually due pursuant to the underlying leases is included in deferred rent in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and contractually due but unpaid rents are included in accounts and other receivables. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the balance of deferred rent was $478.7 million and $463.2 million, respectively, and rent receivable, net of allowance, was $171.9 million and
75
index to financial statements
$185.7 million, respectively, and is classified within accounts and other receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
we make subjective estimates as to the probability of collection of substantially all lease payments over the term of a lease. we specifically analyze customer creditworthiness, accounts receivable and historical bad debts and current economic trends when evaluating the probability of collection. if collection of substantially all lease payments over the term of a lease is deemed not probable, rental revenue would be recognized when payment is received and revenue would not be recognized on a straight-line basis. we monitor the probability of collection over the life of the lease and in the event the collection of substantially all lease payments is no longer probable, we cease recognizing revenue on a straight-line basis and write-off the balance of all deferred rent related to the lease and commence recording rental revenue on a cash-basis. in addition, we record a full valuation allowance on the balance of any accounts receivable, less the balance of any security deposits or letters of account. in the event that we subsequently determine the collection is probable, we resume recognizing rental revenue on a straight-line basis and record the incremental revenue such that the cumulative rental revenue is equal to the amount of revenue that would have been recorded on a straight-line basis since the inception of the lease. we also would reverse the allowance for bad debt recorded on the balance of accounts receivable.
recently issued accounting pronouncements please refer to item 8, note 2(s) in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, "lease accounting" for new accounting standards adopted in 2019 and note 2(bb), "new accounting standards issued but not yet adopted" for new accounting standards that could impact future results.
results of operations the discussion below relates to our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. a summary of our operating results from continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 was as follows (in thousands).

year ended december 31,
2019                                      2018                       2017
income statement data:
total operating revenues                        $3,209,241                 $3,046,478                 $2,457,928
total operating expenses                                (2,615,026)                (2,496,691)                (2,006,633)
operating income                                            594,215                    549,787                    451,295
gain on deconsolidation, net                                 67,497                          -                          -
gain on disposition of properties, net                      267,651                     80,049                     40,354
interest and other income, net                               66,000                      3,481                      3,655
interest expense                                          (353,057)                  (321,529)                  (258,642)
(loss) gain from early extinguishment of debt              (39,157)                    (1,568)                      1,990
other income (expenses), net                                (3,928)                     30,895                     17,615
net income                                      $599,221                   $341,115                   $256,267
our portfolio of properties has experienced consistent and significant growth since the first property acquisition in january 2002. as a result of this growth, our period-to-period comparison of our financial performance focuses on the impact on our revenues and expenses on a stabilized portfolio basis. our stabilized portfolio includes properties owned as of december 31, 2017 with less than 5% of total rentable square feet under development and excludes properties that were undergoing, or were expected to undergo, development activities in 2018-2019 and properties sold or contributed to joint ventures. our pre-stabilized pool includes the results of the operating properties acquired below and newly delivered properties that were previously under development.
76
index to financial statements in september 2017, as part of the dft merger, we acquired 15 data centers, 14 of which are located in the united states and one is located in canada.
2019 dispositions

fair value            gain on contribution location / portfolio          metro area              date contributed             (in millions)         (in millions)
mapletree portfolio (1)       northern virginia                  nov 1, 2019       $996.6                $266.0
(1)   consists of three data centers that were contributed to a joint venture.
none of the company's dispositions to date represented a significant component or significant shift in strategy that would require discontinued operations presentation.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2019 to the year ended december 31, 2018 and comparison of the year ended december 31, 2018 to the year ended december 31, 2017
portfolio as of december 31, 2019, our portfolio consisted of 225 data centers, including 12 held-for-sale data centers and 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, with an aggregate of approximately 36.6 million rentable square feet, including 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and 1.8 million square feet of space held for development, compared to a portfolio consisting of 214 data centers, including 18 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, with an aggregate of approximately 34.5 million rentable square feet, including 3.4 million square feet of space under active development and 2.1 million square feet of space held for development as of december 31, 2018, and compared to a portfolio consisting of 205 data centers, including seven held-for-sale data centers and 18 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, with an aggregate of approximately 32.1 million rentable square feet, including 2.7 million square feet of space under active development and 1.7 million square feet of space held for development as of december 31, 2017.
77
index to financial statements revenues total operating revenues for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as follows (in thousands):

year ended december 31,                                          change                          percentage change
2019                   2018                   2017             2019 vs 2018           2018 vs 2017        2019 vs 2018           2018 vs 2017
rental and other services       $3,196,356             $2,412,076             $2,010,301                 $784,280               $401,775                32.5       %           20.0   %
tenant reimbursements                    -                624,637                440,224                (624,637)                184,413             (100.0)       %           41.9   %
fee income and other                12,885                  9,765                  7,403                    3,120                  2,362                32.0       %           31.9   %
total operating revenues        $3,209,241             $3,046,478             $2,457,928                 $162,763               $588,550                 5.3       %           23.9   %
the following tables show revenues for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 for stabilized properties and pre-stabilized properties and other (all other properties) (in thousands). revenue totals for pre-stabilized and other include results from properties that have not yet met the definition of stabilized and properties that are classified as held for sale or were sold during the period.

stabilized                                                                         pre-stabilized and other year ended december 31,                                                            year ended december 31,
2019                2018                        $ change                % change   2019              2018                         change rental and other services       $2,396,319           $1,915,882             $480,437           25.1            %   $800,037            $496,194               $303,843
tenant reimbursements                   -                    514,050               (514,050)        (100.0)    %          -                   110,588                (110,588)
total                           $2,396,319           $2,429,932             $(33,613)               (1.4)      %   $800,037            $606,782               $193,255
on january 1, 2019, we adopted topic 842 and the practical expedient that resulted in combining the expenses reimbursed by our customers ("tenant reimbursements") with contractual rental revenue if certain criteria were met. we assessed these criteria and concluded that the timing and pattern of transfer for rental revenue and the associated tenant reimbursements are the same and as our leases qualify as operating leases, we accounted for and presented rental and other services and tenant reimbursements as a single component under rental and other services in our consolidated income statements for the year ended december 31, 2019. as a result, the prior periods are not directly comparable other than on an aggregate basis.
stabilized revenue decreased $33.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 due to unfavorable currency translation along with expiring leases at certain properties in the stabilized portfolio and higher bad debt expense.
pre-stabilized and other revenues increased $193.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 primarily as a result of new leasing activity and reimbursement from development properties and the ascenty acquisition (only for the three months ended march 31, 2019, prior to deconsolidation).

stabilized                                                                      pre-stabilized and other year ended december 31,                                                         year ended december 31,
2018                                  2017        change             % change   2018                                  2017         change rental and other services       $1,397,953             $1,388,427             $9,526        0.7             %   $1,014,123              $621,874               $392,249
tenant reimbursements                   254,725                254,876              (151)        (0.1)      %           369,912                185,348                184,564
total                           $1,652,678             $1,643,303             $9,375        0.6             %   $1,384,035              $807,222               $576,813
stabilized rental and other services revenue increased $9.5 million, or 0.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily as a result of an increase in revenues from colocation services and new leasing at our properties during the year ended december 31, 2018, the largest of which was for space at 350 e. cermak road, 2121 south price road and 29a international business park, partially offset by expiring leases at certain properties in the stabilized portfolio. stabilized tenant reimbursement revenue decreased $0.2 million, or 0.1%, for
78
index to financial statements the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily as a result of reimbursement credits and property tax refunds to customers at properties in the stabilized portfolio offset by higher utility reimbursements driven by increased power consumption and new leasing.
pre-stabilized and other revenue increases during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 were primarily a result of the properties acquired in the dft merger, which contributed approximately $311.4 million and $164.0 million to the rental and other services revenue and tenant reimbursement increases, respectively. in addition, 505 north railroad avenue, which was acquired in december 2017, contributed $21.9 million and $5.1 million to the rental and other services revenue and tenant reimbursements increases, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017. also, there were contributions from new leases at our properties that were under development during the year ended december 31, 2018, offset partially by a decrease in revenues as a result of properties sold during the year ended december 31, 2018.
fee income and other occasionally, customers engage the company for certain services. the nature of these services historically involves property management, construction management, and assistance with financing. the proper revenue recognition of these services can be different, depending on whether the arrangements are service revenue or contractor type revenue. service revenues are typically recognized on an equal monthly basis based on the minimum fee to be earned. the monthly amounts could be adjusted depending on whether certain performance milestones are met.
fee income also includes management fees. these fees arise from contractual agreements with entities in which we have a noncontrolling interest. the management fees are recognized as earned under the respective agreements. management and other fee income related to partially owned entities are recognized to the extent attributable to the unaffiliated interest.
operating expenses and interest expense operating expenses and interest expense during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as follows (in thousands):

year ended december 31,                                          change                          percentage change
2019                     2018                   2017            2019 vs 2018            2018 vs 2017        2019 vs 2018           2018 vs 2017
rental property operating and maintenance          $1,020,578                 $957,065               $759,616                 $63,513                $197,449                 6.6       %           26.0   %
property taxes and insurance                          172,183                  140,918                134,995                  31,265                   5,923                22.2       %            4.4   %
depreciation and amortization                       1,163,774                1,186,896                842,464                (23,122)                 344,432               (1.9)       %           40.9   %
general and administrative                            211,097                  163,667                161,441                  47,430                   2,226                29.0       %            1.4   %
transaction and integration expenses                   27,925                   45,327                 76,048                (17,402)                (30,721)              (38.4)       %         (40.4)   %
impairment of investments in real estate                5,351                        -                 28,992                   5,351                (28,992)                   -                      -
other                                                  14,118                    2,818                  3,077                  11,300                   (259)               401.0       %          (8.4)   %
total operating expenses                           $2,615,026               $2,496,691             $2,006,633                $118,335                $490,058                 4.7       %           24.4   %
interest expense                                     $353,057                 $321,529               $258,642                 $31,528                 $62,887                 9.8       %           24.3   %
the following tables show expenses for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 for stabilized properties and pre-stabilized properties and other (all other properties) (in thousands). expense totals for pre-stabilized and other
79
index to financial statements include results from properties that have not yet met the definition of stabilized and properties that are classified as held for sale or were sold during the period.

stabilized                                                                      pre-stabilized and other year ended december 31,                                                         year ended december 31,
2019                                2018        $ change             % change   2019                               2018         change rental property operating and maintenance       $756,326              $753,340              $2,986          0.4             %   $264,252              $203,726              $60,526
property taxes and insurance                           118,292               103,908               14,384   13.8            %          53,891                37,010               16,881
$874,618              $857,248              $17,370         2.0             %   $318,143              $240,736              $77,407
stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses increased approximately $3.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, primarily related to higher rent expense and internal labor costs across the portfolio.
stabilized property taxes increased by approximately $14.4 million, or 13.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018. the increase was primarily due to a tax refund in 2018 at one of our properties in the stabilized portfolio along with higher 2019 assessments at certain properties in the stabilized portfolio.
pre-stabilized and other rental property operating and maintenance expenses increased by approximately $60.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to higher expenses as a result of leasing activity during the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 and the ascenty acquisition that increased expenses during the first quarter of 2019.
pre-stabilized and other property taxes and insurance expense increased approximately $16.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, due to increased assessed values at our chicago properties along with properties being placed in service.

stabilized                                                                    pre-stabilized and other year ended december 31,                                                       year ended december 31,
2018                              2017        change               % change   2018                               2017         change rental property operating and maintenance       $505,127             $494,852             $10,275         2.1             %   $451,938              $264,764              $187,174
property taxes and insurance                           81,274               86,223              (4,949)        (5.7)      %          59,644                48,772                10,872
$586,401             $581,075             $5,326          0.9             %   $511,582              $313,536              $198,046
stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses increased by approximately $10.3 million, or 2.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017. the increase was primarily related to higher utility costs offset by reduced labor costs and cost containment measures across the portfolio.
stabilized property taxes and insurance decreased by approximately $4.9 million, or 5.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017. the decrease was primarily due to a refund at one of our properties in our stabilized portfolio.
pre-stabilized and other rental property operating and maintenance expenses increased by approximately $187.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, primarily as a result of the properties acquired in the dft merger, which contributed approximately $138.7 million.
pre-stabilized and other property taxes and insurance increased approximately $10.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, primarily as a result of the properties acquired in the dft merger, which contributed approximately $16.1 million offset partially by a decrease in property taxes as a result of properties sold during the year ended december 31, 2018 and a reduction in property tax liabilities at certain properties in our pre-stabilized and other portfolio.
80
index to financial statements depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense decreased by approximately $23.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018. the decrease for the year was principally due to certain intangibles related to the dft merger being fully amortized during the year ended december 31, 2019.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by approximately $344.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, principally because of amortization of finite-lived intangibles associated with the dft merger, which contributed approximately $310.7 million to the increase.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $47.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to the adoption of asc 842 which resulted in an increase in the amount of fixed compensation expenses associated with successful leasing activities which were previously capitalized under asc 840.
general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $2.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to an increase in headcount from 2017 to 2018 to support the company's continued growth.
transactions and integration expense transactions and integration expense decreased by approximately $17.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, principally due to higher transaction costs in 2018 related to the ascenty acquisition.
transactions and integration expense decreased by approximately $30.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, principally due to expenses incurred for the dft merger, which was completed in september 2017 partially offset by costs incurred related to the ascenty acquisition.
interest expense interest expense increased by approximately $31.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to the issuances of the 4.450% 2028 notes in june 2018, the 3.750% 2030 notes in october of 2018, the 2.500% 2026 notes in february 2019, the 3.600% 2029 notes in june 2019 and the 1.125% 2028 notes in october 2019 and the ascenty loan offset by the early tender offer and subsequent redemption of the 5.875% 2020 notes in january and february 2019 and the 3.400% notes due 2020 and 2021 notes in june 2019 and july 2019.
interest expense increased by approximately $62.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to the issuances of the 2019 notes in may 2017, the 2.750% 2024 notes and the 2029 notes in july 2017, the 2.750% 2023 notes and the 2027 notes in august 2017, the 2028 notes in june 2018 and the 2030 notes in october 2018.
impairment of investments in real estate we evaluated the carrying value of the properties identified as held for sale to ensure the carrying value was recoverable in light of a potentially shorter holding period. as a result of our evaluation, during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2017, we recognized $5.4 million and $29.0 million of impairment charges, respectively, on four properties (one in 2019, three in 2017) located in the united states to reduce the carrying values to the estimated fair values less costs to sell. the fair values of the four properties were based on comparable sales price data. there were no impairment charges for the year ended december 31, 2018.
81
index to financial statements gain on deconsolidation during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recognized a gain on the deconsolidation of ascenty of approximately $67.5 million as a result of the formation of the ascenty joint venture with brookfield infrastructure.
gain on disposition of properties on november 1, 2019, we formed a joint venture with mapletree, where we contributed three turn-key flex® data centers, valued at approximately $1.0 billion, to the new joint venture for which we retained a 20% interest. the transaction generated approximately $0.8 billion of net proceeds to us, comprised of mapletree's equity contribution, less our share of closing costs and accordingly we recognized a gain of approximately $266 million on the sale of the 80% interest in the joint venture.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recognized a gain on sale of properties of $80.4 million primarily related to the disposition of (i) 200 quannapowitt parkway, which sold for $15.0 million in january 2018, (ii) 34551 ardenwood boulevard, which sold for $73.3 million in february 2018, (iii) 3065 gold camp drive, which sold for $14.2 million in march 2018, (iv) 11085 sun center drive, which sold for $36.8 million in march 2018, (v) the austin portfolio, which sold for $47.6 million in april 2018, (vi) 2010 east centennial circle, which sold for $5.5 million in may 2018, (vii) 1125 energy park drive, which sold for $7.0 million in may 2018 and (viii) 360 spear street, which sold for $92.3 million in september 2018.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recognized a gain on sale of properties of $40.4 million primarily related to the disposition of (i) 8025 north interstate 35, which sold for $20.2 million in august 2017, (ii) 44874 moran road, which sold for $34.0 million in october 2017, and (iii) 1 solutions parkway, which sold for $37.1 million in november 2017.
liquidity and capital resources of the parent company in this "liquidity and capital resources of the parent company" section and in the "liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership" section below, the term, our "parent company" refers to digital realty trust, inc. on an unconsolidated basis, excluding our operating partnership.
analysis of liquidity and capital resources our parent company's business is operated primarily through our operating partnership, of which our parent company is the sole general partner and which it consolidates for financial reporting purposes. because our parent company operates on a consolidated basis with our operating partnership, the section entitled "liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership" should be read in conjunction with this section to understand the liquidity and capital resources of our parent company on a consolidated basis and how our company is operated as a whole.
our parent company issues public equity from time to time, but generally does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company, which are fully reimbursed by the operating partnership. our parent company itself does not hold any indebtedness other than guarantees of the indebtedness of our operating partnership and certain of its subsidiaries, and its only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of our operating partnership. therefore, the consolidated assets and liabilities and the consolidated revenues and expenses of our parent company and our operating partnership are the same on their respective financial statements, except for immaterial differences related to cash, other assets and accrued liabilities that arise from public company expenses paid by our parent company. all debt is held directly or indirectly at the operating partnership level. our parent company's principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common and preferred stock. our parent company's principal source of funding for its dividend payments is distributions it receives from our operating partnership.
82
index to financial statements as the sole general partner of our operating partnership, our parent company has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for our operating partnership's day-to-day management and control. our parent company causes our operating partnership to distribute such portion of its available cash as our parent company may in its discretion determine, in the manner provided in our operating partnership's partnership agreement. our parent company receives proceeds from its equity issuances from time to time, but is generally required by our operating partnership's partnership agreement to contribute the proceeds from its equity issuances to our operating partnership in exchange for partnership units of our operating partnership.
our parent company is a well-known seasoned issuer with an effective shelf registration statement filed on september 22, 2017, which allows our parent company to register an unspecified amount of various classes of equity securities. as circumstances warrant, our parent company may issue equity from time to time on an opportunistic basis, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. any proceeds from such equity issuances would generally be contributed to our operating partnership in exchange for additional equity interests in our operating partnership. our operating partnership may use the proceeds to acquire additional properties, to fund development opportunities and for general working capital purposes, including potentially for the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt or equity securities.
the liquidity of our parent company is dependent on our operating partnership's ability to make sufficient distributions to our parent company. the primary cash requirement of our parent company is its payment of dividends to its stockholders. our parent company also guarantees our operating partnership's, as well as certain of its subsidiaries' and affiliates', unsecured debt. if our operating partnership or such subsidiaries fail to fulfill their debt requirements, which trigger parent company guarantee obligations, then our parent company will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. however, our parent company's only material asset is its investment in our operating partnership.
we believe our operating partnership's sources of working capital, specifically its cash flow from operations, and funds available under its global revolving credit facility are adequate for it to make its distribution payments to our parent company and, in turn, for our parent company to make its dividend payments to its stockholders. however, we cannot assure you that our operating partnership's sources of capital will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, including making distribution payments to our parent company. the lack of availability of capital could adversely affect our operating partnership's ability to pay its distributions to our parent company, which would in turn, adversely affect our parent company's ability to pay cash dividends to its stockholders.
on january 4, 2019, our parent company entered into equity distribution agreements, which we refer to as the 2019 equity distribution agreements, under which it can issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $1.0 billion from time to time in "at the market" offerings as defined in rule 415 of the securities act. to date, no sales have been made under the program. for additional information regarding the 2019 equity distribution agreements, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statement contained herein.
on march 13, 2019 and march 15, 2019, our parent company completed an underwritten public offering of 8,400,000 shares in the aggregate of its 5.850% series k cumulative redeemable preferred stock for net proceeds of approximately $203.4 million after deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated expenses payable by our parent company.
on april 1, 2019, our parent company redeemed all 14,600,000 outstanding shares of its 7.375% series h cumulative redeemable preferred stock, or the series h preferred stock, for $25.00 per share. the redemption price was equal to the original issuance price of $25.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends up to but not including the redemption date. the excess of the redemption price over the carrying value of the series h preferred stock of approximately $11.8 million relates to the original issuance costs and was recorded as a reduction to net income available to common stockholders.
83
index to financial statements on october 10, 2019, our parent company completed an underwritten public offering of 13,800,000 shares in the aggregate of its 5.200% series l cumulative redeemable preferred stock for net proceeds of approximately $334.6 million after deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated expenses payable by our parent company.
future uses of cash our parent company may from time to time seek to retire, redeem or repurchase its equity or the debt securities of our operating partnership or its subsidiaries through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, redemptions or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
we are also subject to the commitments discussed below under "dividends and distributions."
dividends and distributions our parent company is required to distribute 90% of its taxable income (excluding capital gains) on an annual basis in order for it to continue to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes. accordingly, our parent company intends to make, but is not contractually bound to make, regular quarterly distributions to its common stockholders from cash flow from our operating partnership's operating activities. while historically our parent company has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property. all such distributions are at the discretion of our parent company's board of directors. our parent company considers market factors and our operating partnership's performance in addition to reit requirements in determining distribution levels. our parent company has distributed at least 100% of its taxable income annually since inception to minimize corporate level federal income taxes. amounts accumulated for distribution to stockholders are invested primarily in interest-bearing accounts and short-term interest-bearing securities, which are consistent with our intention to maintain our parent company's status as a reit.
as a result of this distribution requirement, our operating partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its on-going operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not reits can. our parent company may need to continue to raise capital in the debt and equity markets to fund our operating partnership's working capital needs, as well as potential developments at new or existing properties, acquisitions or investments in existing or newly created joint ventures. in addition, our parent company may be required to use borrowings under our global revolving credit facility, if necessary, to meet reit distribution requirements and maintain our parent company's reit status.
84
index to financial statements our parent company declared the following dividends on its common and preferred stock during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands, except per share amounts):

series c              series f             series g           series h              series i           series j              series k              series l preferred             preferred            preferred          preferred             preferred          preferred             preferred             preferred                 common date dividend declared                  dividend payment date                                                          stock                 stock                stock              stock                 stock              stock                 stock                 stock                     stock march 1, 2017                           march 31, 2017                                                                 $-                    $3,023               $3,672             $6,730                $3,969             $-                    $-                    $-                        $148,358         (1)
may 8, 2017                             june 30, 2017                                                                             -                 -      (2)           3,672              6,730                 3,969                  -                 -                     -                         150,814   (1)
august 7, 2017                          september 29, 2017                                                                        -                 -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969                  -                 -                     -                         191,041   (1)
november 2, 2017                        december 29, 2017 for preferred stock; january 12, 2018 for common stock              3,963   (3)           -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969              4,200   (3)           -                     -                         191,067   (1)
$3,963                $3,023               $14,688            $26,920               $15,876            $4,200                $-                    $-                        $681,280
march 1, 2018                           march 30, 2018                                                                 $3,333                $-                   $3,672             $6,730                $3,969             $2,625                $-                    $-                        $208,015         (4)
may 8, 2018                             june 29, 2018                                                                         3,333                 -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969              2,625                 -                     -                         208,071   (4)
august 14, 2018                         september 28, 2018                                                                    3,333                 -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969              2,625                 -                     -                         208,166   (4)
november 12, 2018                       december 31, 2018 for preferred stock; january 15, 2019 for common stock              3,333                 -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969              2,625                 -                     -                         208,415   (4)
$13,332               $-                   $14,688            $26,920               $15,876            $10,500               $-                    $-                        $832,667
february 21, 2019                       march 29, 2019                                                                 $3,333                       -             $3,672             $6,730                $3,969             $2,625                $-                    $-                        $224,802         (5)
may 13, 2019                            june 28, 2019                                                                         3,333                 -                    3,672                  -   (6)           3,969              2,625                 3,686   (7)           -                         224,895   (5)
august 13, 2019                         september 30, 2019                                                                    3,333                 -                    3,672                  -                 3,969              2,625                 3,071                 -                         225,188   (5)
november 19, 2019                       december 31, 2019 for preferred stock; january 15, 2020 for common stock              3,333                 -                    3,672                  -                 3,969              2,625                 3,071                 4,036   (8)               225,488   (5)
$13,332               $-                   $14,688            $6,730                $15,876            $10,500               $9,828                $4,036                    $900,373
annual rate of dividend per share                                                                                      $1.65625              $1.65625             $1.46875           $1.84375              $1.58750           $1.31250              $1.46250              $1.30000
(1)   $3.720 annual rate of dividend per share.

(2)   redeemed on april 5, 2017 for $25.01840 per share, or a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends up to but not including the redemption date of approximately $0.1 million in the aggregate. in connection with the redemption, the previously incurred offering costs of approximately $6.3 million were recorded as a reduction to net income available to common stockholders.

(3)   represents a pro rata dividend from and including the original issue date to and including december 31, 2017.

(4)   $4.040 annual rate of dividend per share.

(5)   $4.320 annual rate of dividend per share.

(6)   redeemed on april 1, 2019 for $25.00 per share, or a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends up to but not including the redemption date. in connection with the redemption, the previously incurred offering costs of approximately $11.8 million were recorded as a reduction to net income available to common stockholders.

(7)   represents a pro rata dividend from and including the original issue date to and including june 30, 2019.

(8)   represents a pro rata dividend from and including the original issue date to and including december 31, 2019.

distributions out of our parent company's current or accumulated earnings and profits are generally classified as ordinary income whereas distributions in excess of our parent company's current and accumulated earnings and profits, to the extent of a stockholder's u.s. federal income tax basis in our parent company's stock, are generally classified as a return of capital. distributions in excess of a stockholder's u.s. federal income tax basis in our parent company's stock are generally characterized as capital gain. cash provided by operating activities has been generally sufficient to fund distributions on an annual basis, however, we may also need to utilize borrowings under the global revolving credit facility to fund distributions.
the expected tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common stock and preferred stock paid in 2019 is as follows: approximately 83% ordinary income and 17% return of capital. the tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common stock paid in 2018 was as follows: approximately 80% ordinary income and 20% return of capital. distributions on our parent company's preferred stock paid in 2018 were treated as 100% ordinary income.
85
index to financial statements the tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common stock and preferred stock paid in 2017 was as follows: approximately 95% ordinary income and 5% capital gain distribution.
liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership in this "liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership" section, the terms "we", "our" and "us" refer to our operating partnership together with its consolidated subsidiaries or our operating partnership and our parent company together with their consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires.
analysis of liquidity and capital resources our parent company is our sole general partner and consolidates our results of operations for financial reporting purposes. because we operate on a consolidated basis with our parent company, the section entitled "liquidity and capital resources of the parent company" should be read in conjunction with this section to understand our liquidity and capital resources on a consolidated basis.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $89.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding $7.4 million of restricted cash. restricted cash primarily consists of contractual capital expenditures plus other deposits.
our global revolving credit facility provides for borrowings up $2.35 billion. we have the ability from time to time to increase the size of the global revolving credit facility and our term loan facility, in any combination, by up to $1.25 billion, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. the global revolving credit facility matures on january 24, 2023, with two six-month extension options available. the global revolving credit facility provides for borrowings in u.s., canadian, singapore, australian and hong kong dollars, as well as euro, british pound sterling and japanese yen and includes the ability to add additional currencies in the future. we have used and intend to use available borrowings under the global revolving credit facility to acquire additional properties, fund development opportunities and for general working capital and other corporate purposes, including potentially for the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt or equity securities. for additional information regarding our global revolving credit facility and term loan facility, see note 9 to our consolidated financial statement contained herein.
our short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of operating expenses, development costs and other expenditures associated with our properties, distributions to our parent company in order for it to make dividend payments on its preferred stock, distributions to our parent company in order for it to make dividend payments to its stockholders required to maintain its reit status, distributions to the unitholders of common limited partnership interests in digital realty trust, l.p., capital expenditures, debt service on our loans and senior notes, and, potentially, acquisitions. we expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations, restricted cash accounts established for certain future payments and by drawing upon our global revolving credit facilities.
for a discussion of the potential impact of current global economic and market conditions on our liquidity and capital resources, see "-factors which may influence future results of operations-global market and economic conditions" above.
on january 4, 2019, our parent company entered into the 2019 equity distribution agreements under which it can issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $1.0 billion from time to time in "at the market" offerings as defined in rule 415 of the securities act. to date, no sales have been made under the program. for additional information regarding the 2019 equity distribution agreements, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statement contained herein.
on june 14, 2019, we issued $900.0 million in aggregate principal amount of notes, maturing on july 1, 2029 with an interest rate of 3.600% per annum, which we refer to as the 3.600% 2029 notes. the purchase price paid by the initial purchasers was 99.823% of the principal amount. the 3.600% 2029 notes are our general unsecured senior obligation, rank equally in right of payment with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by our parent company. interest on the 3.600% 2029 notes is payable on january 1 and july 1 of each year,
86
index to financial statements beginning on january 1, 2020. the net proceeds from the offering after deducting the original issue discount of approximately $1.6 million and underwriting commissions and expenses of approximately $7.8 million was approximately $890.6 million. we used the net proceeds from this offering to finance the tender offer for, and redemption of, our 3.400% 2020 notes and 2021 notes, temporarily repay borrowings under our global revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.
on october 9, 2019, digital euro finco, llc, a wholly owned indirect finance subsidiary of the operating partnership, issued and sold €500.0 million (approximately $548.6 million based on the exchange rate on october 9, 2019) aggregate principal amount of 1.125% guaranteed notes due 2028, or the 2028 notes. the 2028 notes are senior unsecured obligations of digital euro finco, llc and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the parent company and the operating partnership. net proceeds from the offering were approximately  €491.9 million (approximately $539.7 million based on the exchange rate on october 9, 2019) after deducting managers' discounts and estimated offering expenses. we used the net proceeds from the offering to repay borrowings outstanding under our global revolving credit facility and for other general corporate purposes.
construction ($ in thousands)

development lifecycle                                                     as of december 31, 2019                                                                       as of december 31, 2018
net rentable        current                                                                   net rentable        current                future square feet         investment             future investment                                  square feet         investment             investment
(dollars in thousands)                                                    (1)                 (2)                    (3)                        total cost              (1)                 (4)                    (3)                    total cost land held for future development (5)                                      n/a                 $147,597               $-                         $147,597                n/a                 $162,941               $-                     $162,941
construction in progress and space held for development land - current development (5)                                            n/a                 $517,900               $-                         $517,900                n/a                 $385,892               $-                     $385,892
space held for development (6)                                            1,281,169                   241,563                   -                         241,563       1,805,844                   396,440                -                        396,440
base building construction                                                2,936,071                   485,489                   404,082                   889,571       1,724,740                   214,634                223,360                  437,994
data center construction                                                  1,175,673                   441,852                   703,607                 1,145,459       1,103,465                   586,995                521,387                1,108,382
equipment pool &amp; other inventory                                      n/a                          27,283                   -                          27,283       n/a                          14,558                -                         14,558
campus, tenant improvements &amp; other                                   n/a                          18,468                   22,968                     41,436       n/a                          23,409                16,228                    39,637
total construction in progress and land held for future development       5,392,913           $1,880,152             $1,130,657                 $3,010,809              4,634,049           $1,784,869             $760,975               $2,545,844
(1)   square footage is based on current estimates and project plans, and may change upon completion of the project or due to remeasurement.

(2)   represents balances incurred through december 31, 2019.

(3)   represents estimated cost to complete specific scope of work pursuant to contract, budget or approved capital plan.

(4)   represents balances incurred through december 31, 2018.

(5)   represents approximately 944 acres as of december 31, 2019 and approximately 959 acres as of december 31, 2018.

(6)   excludes space held for development through unconsolidated joint ventures.

land inventory and space held for development reflect cumulative cost spent pending future development. base building construction consists of ongoing improvements to building infrastructure in preparation for future data center fit-out. data center construction includes 4.1 million square feet of turn-key flex®, colocation and powered base building® product. generally, we expect to deliver the space within 12 months; however, lease commencement dates may significantly impact final delivery schedules. equipment pool and other inventory represent the value of long-lead equipment and materials required for timely deployment and delivery of data center construction fit-out. campus, tenant improvements and other costs include the value of development work which benefits space recently converted to our operating portfolio and is composed primarily of shared infrastructure projects and first-generation tenant improvements.
future uses of cash our properties require periodic investments of capital for tenant-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for development. turn-key flex® space is move-
87
index to financial statements in-ready space for the placement of computer and network equipment required to provide a data center environment. depending on demand for additional turn-key flex® space, we expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop these types of spaces. at december 31, 2019, excluding non-managed joint ventures, approximately 4.1 million square feet was under construction for turn-key flex® and powered base building® products, all of which are expected to be income producing on or after completion, in seven u.s. metropolitan areas, five european metropolitan areas, three asian metropolitan areas, one australian metropolitan area and one canadian metropolitan area, consisting of approximately 2.9 million square feet of base building construction and 1.2 million square feet of data center construction. at december 31, 2019, we had open commitments, including amounts reimbursable of approximately $25.4 million, related to construction contracts of approximately $472.7 million.
we currently expect to incur significant capital expenditures for our development programs during the year ending december 31, 2020, although the amount may increase or decrease, potentially materially, based on numerous factors, including changes in demand, leasing results and availability of debt or equity capital.
historical capital expenditures

year ended december 31,
2019                                    2018
development projects                                             $1,166,218               $1,115,149
enhancement and improvements                                          3,249                   14,240
recurring capital expenditures                                      180,713                  132,226
total capital expenditures (excluding indirect costs)            $1,350,180               $1,261,615
for the year ended december 31, 2019, total capital expenditures increased $88.6 million to approximately $1.4 billion from $1.3 billion for the same period in 2018. capital expenditures on our development projects plus our enhancement and improvements projects for the year ended december 31, 2019 were approximately $1.2 billion, which reflects an increase of approximately 4% from the same period in 2018. this increase was primarily due to increased spending for ground-up development projects (including development projects acquired in the dft merger) and base building improvements. our development capital expenditures are generally funded by our available cash and equity and debt capital.
indirect costs, including capitalized interest, capitalized in the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were $86.7 million and $108.4 million, respectively. capitalized interest comprised approximately $40.2 million and $34.7 million of the total indirect costs capitalized for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. capitalized interest in the year ended december 31, 2019 increased, compared to the same period in 2018, due to an increase in qualifying activities. see "-future uses of cash" above for a discussion of the amount of capital expenditures we expect to incur during the year ending december 31, 2020.
we are also subject to the commitments discussed below under "commitments and contingencies," "off-balance sheet arrangements" and "distributions."
consistent with our growth strategy, we actively pursue opportunities for potential acquisitions, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. the dollar value of acquisitions for the year ending december 31, 2020 will be based on numerous factors, including customer demand, leasing results, availability of debt or equity capital and acquisition opportunities. further, the growing acceptance by private institutional investors of the data center asset class has generally pushed capitalization rates lower, as such private investors may often have lower return expectations than us. as a result, we anticipate near-term single asset acquisitions activity to comprise a smaller percentage of our growth while this market dynamic persists.
we may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt or the equity of our parent company through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities of our parent company in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
88
index to financial statements we expect to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, including to pay for scheduled debt maturities and to fund acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements, with net cash from operations, future long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness and the issuance of equity and debt securities and the proceeds of equity issuances by our parent company. we also may fund future short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements, using our global revolving credit facilities pending permanent financing. if we are not able to obtain additional financing on terms attractive to us, or at all, including as a result of the circumstances described above under "factors which may influence future results of operations-global market and economic conditions", we may be required to reduce our acquisition or capital expenditure plans, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business and results of operations.
distributions all distributions on our units are at the discretion of our parent company's board of directors. in 2019, 2018 and 2017, our operating partnership declared the following distributions (in thousands):

series c              series f             series g           series h              series i           series j              series k              series l preferred             preferred            preferred          preferred             preferred          preferred             preferred             preferred             common date distribution declared                 distribution payment date                                                      units                 units                units              units                 units              units                 units                 units                 units mar 1, 2017                                march 31, 2017                                                                 $-                    $3,023               $3,672             $6,730                $3,969             $-                    $-                    $-                    $150,968         (1)
may 8, 2017                                june 30, 2017                                                                             -                 -      (2)           3,672              6,730                 3,969                  -                 -                     -                     153,176   (1)
aug 7, 2017                                september 29, 2017                                                                        -                 -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969                  -                 -                     -                     199,049   (1)
nov 2, 2017                                december 29, 2017 for preferred units; january 12, 2018 for common units              3,963   (3)           -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969              4,200   (5)           -                     -                     199,061   (1)
$3,963                $3,023               $14,688            $26,920               $15,876            $4,200                $-                    $-                    $702,254
mar 1, 2017                                march 30, 2018                                                                 $3,333                $-                   $3,672             $6,730                $3,969             $2,625                $-                    $-                    $216,953         (4)
may 8, 2018                                june 29, 2018                                                                         3,333                 -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969              2,625                 -                     -                     216,789   (4)
aug 14, 2018                               september 28, 2018                                                                    3,333                 -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969              2,625                 -                     -                     216,825   (4)
nov 12, 2018                               december 31, 2018 for preferred units; january 15, 2019 for common units              3,333                 -                    3,672              6,730                 3,969              2,625                 -                     -                     216,838   (4)
$13,332               $-                   $14,688            $26,920               $15,876            $10,500               $-                    $-                    $867,405
february 21, 2019                          march 29, 2019                                                                 $3,333                $-                   $3,672             $6,730                $3,969             $2,625                $-                    $-                    $235,256         (5)
may 13, 2019                               june 28, 2019                                                                         3,333                 -                    3,672                  -   (6)           3,969              2,625                 3,686   (7)           -                     235,142   (5)
august 13, 2019                            september 30, 2019                                                                    3,333                 -                    3,672                  -                 3,969              2,625                 3,071                 -                     235,164   (5)
november 19, 2019                          december 31, 2019 for preferred units; january 15, 2020 for common units              3,333                 -                    3,672                  -                 3,969              2,625                 3,071                 4,036   (8)           235,154   (5)
$13,332               $-                   $14,688            $6,730                $15,876            $10,500               $9,828                $4,036                $940,716
annual rate of distribution per unit                                                                                      $1.65625              $1.65625             $1.46875           $1.84375              $1.58750           $1.31250              $1.46250              $1.30000
(1)   $3.720 annual rate of distribution per unit.

(2)   redeemed on april 5, 2017 for $25.01840 per unit, or a redemption price of $25.00 per unit, plus accrued and unpaid distributions up to but not including the redemption date of approximately $0.1 million in the aggregate. in connection with the redemption, the previously incurred offering costs of approximately $6.3 million were recorded as a reduction to net income available to common unitholders.

(3)   represents a pro rata distribution from and including the original issue date to and including december 31, 2017.

(4)   $4.040 annual rate of distribution per unit.

(5)   $4.320 annual rate of distribution per unit.

(6)   redeemed on april 1, 2019 for $25.00 per unit, or a redemption price of $25.00 per unit, plus accrued and unpaid distributions up to but not including the redemption date. in connection with the redemption, the previously incurred offering costs of approximately $11.8 million were recorded as a reduction to net income available to common unitholders.

(7)   represents a pro rata distribution from and including the original issue date to and including june 30, 2019.

89
index to financial statements
(8)   represents a pro rata distribution from and including the original issue date to and including december 31, 2019.

as of december 31, 2019, we were a party to interest rate swap agreements which hedge variability in cash flows related the u.s. libor and cdor-based tranches of our debt. under these swaps, we pay variable-rate amounts in exchange for fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying principal amounts. see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the following table summarizes our debt, interest, lease and construction contract payments due by period as of december 31, 2019 (in thousands):

obligation                         2020                           2021-2022             2023-2024       thereafter            total secured and unsecured debt (1)                 $1,089              $800,000            $2,914,886       $6,489,458            $10,205,433
interest payable (2)                          331,761               646,638               451,867               573,388               2,003,654
operating and finance leases (3)               94,158               184,143               173,142               704,502               1,155,945
construction contracts (4)                    472,660                     -                     -                     -                 472,660
$899,668            $1,630,781            $3,539,895       $7,767,348            $13,837,692
(1)   includes $245.8 million of borrowings under our global revolving credit facilities and $0.8 billion of borrowings under our unsecured term loans and excludes unamortized premiums (discounts) and deferred financing costs reflected on the consolidated balance sheets under item 8 in this annual report on form 10-k.

(2)   interest payable is based on the interest rates in effect on december 31, 2019, including the effect of interest rate swaps. interest payable excluding the effect of interest rate swaps is as follows (in thousands):


2020                    $333,917
2021-2022                650,949
2023-2024                452,020
thereafter               573,388
$2,010,274
(3)   beginning january 1, 2019, as a lessee we were required to record both a right-of-use asset and lease liability for our ground and office space leases based on the present value of our future minimum lease payments. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.

(4)   from time to time in the normal course of our business, we enter into various construction contracts with third parties that may obligate us to make payments. at december 31, 2019, we had open commitments, including amounts reimbursable of approximately $25.4 million, related to construction contracts of approximately $472.7 million.

90
index to financial statements outstanding consolidated indebtedness the table below summarizes our debt maturities and principal payments as of december 31, 2019 (in thousands):

global revolving              unsecured                        unsecured                              total credit facilities (1)         term loans (1)          senior notes                 secured debt       debt
2020                       $-                            $-                      $-                                 $1,089       $1,089
2021                                    -                          -                              -                      -                       -
2022                                    -                          -                        800,000                      -                 800,000
2023                                    99,315                     813,205                  747,710                104,000               1,764,230
2024                                    146,451                    -                      1,004,205                      -               1,150,656
thereafter                              -                          -                      6,489,458                      -               6,489,458
subtotal                   $245,766                      $813,205                $9,041,373                       $105,089       $10,205,433
unamortized discount                    -                          -                       (22,554)                      -                (22,554)
unamortized premium                     -                          -                          6,409                     54                   6,463
total                      $245,766                      $813,205                $9,025,228                       $105,143       $10,189,342
(1)   subject to two six-month extension options exercisable by us. the bank group is obligated to grant the extension options provided we give proper notice, we make certain representations and warranties and no default exists under the global revolving credit facility, as applicable.

the table below summarizes our debt, as of december 31, 2019 (in millions):

debt summary:
fixed rate                                                        $9,042.5
variable rate debt subject to interest rate swaps                    479.8
total fixed rate debt (including interest rate swaps)              9,522.3
variable rate-unhedged                                               683.1
total                                                            $10,205.4
percent of total debt:
fixed rate (including swapped debt)                                   93.3   %
variable rate                                                          6.7   %
total                                                                100.0   %
effective interest rate as of december 31, 2019
fixed rate (including hedged variable rate debt)                      3.35   %
variable rate                                                         1.94   %
effective interest rate                                               3.25   %
(1)   excludes impact of deferred financing cost amortization.

as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $10.2 billion of outstanding consolidated long-term debt as set forth in the table above. our ratio of debt to total enterprise value was approximately 27% (based on the closing price of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock on december 31, 2019 of $119.74). for this purpose, our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total enterprise value ratio), plus the liquidation value of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock, plus the aggregate value of our operating partnership's units not held by digital realty trust, inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and excluding long-term incentive units, class c units and class d units), plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness.
the variable rate debt shown above bore interest at interest rates based on various one-month libor, euribor, gbp libor, sor, bbr, hibor, jpy libor, cdor and u.s. prime rates, depending on the respective agreement
91
index to financial statements governing the debt, including our global revolving credit facilities and unsecured term loans. as of december 31, 2019, our debt had a weighted average term to initial maturity of approximately 6.3 years (or approximately 6.3 years assuming exercise of extension options).
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019, we were party to interest rate swap agreements related to $479.8 million of outstanding principal amount on our variable rate debt. see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
as of december 31, 2019, our pro-rata share of secured debt of unconsolidated joint ventures was approximately $591.2 million, of which $10.2 million is subject to an interest rate cap agreement.
cash flows the following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below.
comparison of year ended december 31, 2019 to year ended december 31, 2018 and comparison of year ended december 31, 2018 to year ended december 31, 2017
the following table shows cash flows and ending cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash balances for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands).

year ended december 31,
2019                                          2018                       2017
net cash provided by operating activities                                   $1,513,817                          $1,385,324        $1,023,305
net cash used in investing activities                                                 (274,992)                (3,035,993)                (1,357,153)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                 (1,272,021)                  1,757,269                    321,200
net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash       $(33,196)                             $106,600        $(12,648)
cash provided by operating activities in 2019 increased approximately $128.5 million over 2018 and cash provided by operating activities in 2018 increased approximately $362.0 million over 2017. the 2019 increase was primarily due to properties placed into service during the twelve months ended december 31, 2019. the increases in cash flow were partially offset by properties sold in 2018 and 2019 and an increase in interest expense. the 2018 increase was driven by year-over-year increase in the cash flow from properties acquired in the september 2017 dft merger. the increases in cash flow were offset by properties sold in 2017 and 2018 and an increase in interest expense.
net cash used in investing activities consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).

year ended december 31,
2019                                          2018        change improvements to investments in real estate                 $(1,436,902)              $(1,325,162)                $(111,740)
ascenty acquisition, net of cash assumed                                    -                 (1,563,830)                1,563,830
acquisitions of real estate                                          (75,704)                   (410,712)                  335,008
prepaid construction costs and other investments                      (2,597)                    (13,254)                   10,657
proceeds from sale of properties, net of sales costs                        -                     286,204                (286,204)
proceeds from joint venture transactions                            1,494,881                           -                1,494,881
deconsolidation of ascenty cash                                      (97,081)                           -                 (97,081)
investment in unconsolidated joint ventures                         (101,101)                       (673)                (100,428)
other                                                                (56,488)                     (8,566)                 (47,922)
net cash used in investing activities                      $(274,992)                $(3,035,993)                $2,761,001
92
index to financial statements

year ended december 31,
2018                                            2017        change ascenty acquisition, net of cash assumed                            $(1,563,830)                $-                          $(1,563,830)
improvements to investments in real estate                                   (1,325,162)                 (1,150,619)                 (174,543)
acquisitions of real estate                                                    (410,712)                   (415,764)                     5,052
prepaid construction costs and other investments                                (13,254)                           -                  (13,254)
proceeds from sale of properties, net of sales costs                             286,204                      89,333                   196,871
distribution from debt proceeds from closing of joint venture                          -                     135,793                 (135,793)
investment in unconsolidated joint ventures                                        (673)                    (93,405)                    92,732
excess proceeds from forward contracts                                                 -                      63,956                  (63,956)
other                                                                            (8,566)                      13,553                  (22,119)
net cash used in investing activities                               $(3,035,993)                $(1,357,153)                $(1,678,840)
net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities for the company consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).

year ended december 31,
2019                                         2018                       2017
repayments of short-term borrowings, net of proceeds                                                             $(1,412,388)                $1,100,651               $(124,130)
net proceeds from issuance of common and preferred stock, including equity plans                                              541,082                    7,068                    411,309
redemption of preferred stock                                                                                               (365,050)                        -                  (182,500)
proceeds from secured / unsecured debt                                                                                      2,848,296                2,192,629                  2,352,230
repayment on secured / unsecured debt                                                                                     (1,915,301)                (674,926)                (1,411,907)
distribution payments                                                                                                       (996,766)                (930,782)                  (715,209)
capital contributions from (distributions to) noncontrolling interests in consolidated joint ventures, net                     63,173                   66,124                    (8,593)
other                                                                                                                        (35,067)                  (3,495)                          -
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                                              $(1,272,021)                $1,757,269               $321,200
the increase in cash used in financing activities was due to repayments of borrowings, net of proceeds, increasing during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018 and the repayment of the floating rate notes due 2019, 5.875% 2020 notes, 3.400% 2020 notes and 2021 notes along with the redemption of the series h preferred stock offset by higher proceeds in 2019 from the issuance of the series k preferred stock, series l preferred stock, 2026 notes, 1.125% 2028 notes, 3.600% 2029 notes and 2030 notes. the increase in dividend and distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018 was a result of an increase in the number of shares outstanding and increased dividend amount per share of common stock in the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018.
the increase in cash provided by financing activities was due to proceeds from borrowings, net of repayments increasing during the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to 2017 offset by higher proceeds in 2017 from the issuance of the 2019 notes, 2.750% 2024 notes, 2029 notes, 2.750% 2023 notes and 2027 notes as compared to the proceeds in 2018 from the issuance of the 2028 notes and 2030 notes. the increase in dividend and distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to 2017 was a result of an increase in the number shares
93
index to financial statements outstanding due to the dft merger and increased dividend amount per share of common stock in 2018 as compared to 2017. the 2018 borrowing activity was used in part to fund a portion of the ascenty acquisition.
net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities for the operating partnership consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).

year ended december 31,
2019                                         2018                       2017
proceeds from borrowings, net of repayments                                                                      $(1,412,388)                $1,100,651               $(124,130)
general partner contributions, net                                                                                            176,032                    7,068                    228,809
proceeds from secured / unsecured debt                                                                                      2,848,296                2,192,629                  2,352,230
repayment on secured / unsecured debt                                                                                     (1,915,301)                (674,926)                (1,411,907)
distribution payments                                                                                                       (996,766)                (930,782)                  (715,209)
capital contributions from (distributions to) noncontrolling interests in consolidated joint ventures, net                     63,173                   66,124                    (8,593)
other                                                                                                                        (35,067)                  (3,495)                          -
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                                              $(1,272,021)                $1,757,269               $321,200
the increase in cash used in financing activities was due to repayments of borrowings, net of proceeds, increasing during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018 and the repayment of the floating rate notes due 2019, 5.875% 2020 notes, 3.400% 2020 notes and 2021 notes along with the redemption of the series h preferred units offset by higher proceeds in 2019 from the issuance of the series k preferred units, series l preferred units, 2026 notes, 1.125% 2028 notes, 3.600% 2029 notes and 2030 notes. the increase in distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018 was a result of an increase in the number of units outstanding and increased distribution amount per common unit in the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018.
the increase in cash provided by financing activities was due to proceeds from borrowings, net of repayments increasing during the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to 2017 offset by higher proceeds in 2017 from the issuance of the 2019 notes, 2.750% 2024 notes, 2029 notes, 2.750% 2023 notes and 2027 notes as compared to the proceeds in 2018 from the issuance of the 2028 notes and 2030 notes. the increase in distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to 2017 was a result of an increase in the number of common units outstanding due to the dft merger and increased distribution amount per common unit in 2018 as compared to 2017. the 2018 borrowing activity was used in part to fund a portion of the ascenty acquisition.
noncontrolling interests in operating partnership noncontrolling interests relate to the common units in our operating partnership that are not owned by digital realty trust, inc., which, as of december 31, 2019, amounted to 4.1% of our operating partnership common units. historically, our operating partnership has issued common units to third party sellers in connection with our acquisition of real estate interests from such third parties.
limited partners have the right to require our operating partnership to redeem part or all of their common units for cash based upon the fair market value of an equivalent number of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock at the time of the redemption. alternatively, we may elect to acquire those common units in exchange for shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, issuance of stock rights, specified extraordinary distributions and similar events. as of december 31, 2019, approximately 0.2 million common units of the operating partnership that were issued to certain former unitholders in the dft operating partnership in connection with the dft merger were outstanding, which are subject to certain restrictions and, accordingly, are not presented as permanent capital in the consolidated balance sheet.
94
index to financial statements inflation many of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations. in addition, many of the leases provide for fixed base rent increases. we believe that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense escalations described above.
funds from operations we calculate funds from operations, or ffo, in accordance with the standards established by the national association of real estate investment trusts (nareit) in the nareit funds from operations white paper - 2018 restatement. ffo represents net income (loss) (computed in accordance with gaap), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, a gain from a pre-existing relationship, impairment charges and real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs) and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. management uses ffo as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains and losses from property dispositions and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. we also believe that, as a widely recognized measure of the performance of reits, ffo will be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other reits. however, because ffo excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and capitalized leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our financial condition and results from operations, the utility of ffo as a measure of our performance is limited. other reits may not calculate ffo in accordance with the nareit definition and, accordingly, our ffo may not be comparable to other reits' ffo. ffo should be considered only as a supplement to net income computed in accordance with gaap as a measure of our performance.
reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to funds from operations (ffo)
(in thousands, except per share and unit data)
(unaudited)

year ended december 31,
2019                                  2018                    2017
net income available to common stockholders                                                                $493,011                 $249,930                 $173,148
adjustments:
non-controlling interests in operating partnership                                                                    21,100                   10,180                   3,770
real estate related depreciation &amp; amortization (1)                                                            1,149,240                1,173,917                 830,252
real estate related depreciation and amortization related to investment in unconsolidated joint ventures              52,716                   14,587                  11,566
gain on disposition of properties                                                                                  (267,651)                 (80,049)                (40,354)
impairment of investments in real estate                                                                               5,351                        -                  28,992
noncontrolling interests share of gain on sale of property                                                                 -                        -                   3,900
ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders (2)                                                   $1,453,767               $1,368,565               $1,011,274
basic ffo per share and unit                                                                               $6.69                    $6.39                    $5.68
diluted ffo per share and unit (2)                                                                         $6.66                    $6.37                    $5.65
weighted average common stock and units outstanding basic                                                                                                                217,285                  214,313                 178,056
diluted (2)                                                                                                          218,421                  214,951                 178,892
(1) real estate related depreciation and amortization was computed as follows:
depreciation and amortization per income statement                                                                 1,163,774                1,186,896                 842,464
non-real estate depreciation                                                                                        (14,534)                 (12,979)                (12,212)
$1,149,240               $1,173,917               $830,252
95
index to financial statements
(2)   for all periods presented, we have excluded the effect of dilutive series c, series f, series g, series h, series i, series j, series k and series l preferred stock, as applicable, that may be converted upon the occurrence of specified change in control transactions as described in the articles supplementary governing the series c, series f, series g, series h, series i, series j, series k and series l preferred stock, as applicable, which we consider highly improbable.


year ended december 31,
2019   2018             2017
weighted average common stock and units outstanding           217,285          214,313          178,056
add: effect of dilutive securities                              1,136   638              836
weighted average common stock and units outstanding-diluted   218,421          214,951          178,892
