item 1a. risk factors an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. any failure to meet market expectations, including our comparable store sales growth rate, earnings and earnings per share or new store openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline. you should carefully consider the specific risk factors listed below together with all other information included or incorporated in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the sec, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. any of the following risks may materialize, and additional risks not known to us, or that we now deem immaterial, may arise. in such event, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected.
our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases.
future increases in costs such as wage and benefit costs, the cost of merchandise, duties, merchandise loss (due to theft, damage, or errors), shipping rates, freight costs, fuel costs and store occupancy costs would reduce our profitability. wage rates and labor costs are expected to increase in 2020. the minimum wage has increased in certain states and local jurisdictions and is scheduled to increase further in 2020.
in our dollar tree segment, we do not raise the sales price of our merchandise to offset cost increases because we are committed to selling primarily at the $1.00 price point to continue to provide value to the customer. we are dependent on our ability to adjust our product assortment, to operate more efficiently or to increase our comparable store net sales in order to offset cost increases. we can give no assurance that we will be able to operate more efficiently or increase our comparable store net sales in the future. although family dollar, unlike dollar tree, can raise the price of merchandise, customers would buy fewer products if prices were to increase. please see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for further discussion of the effect of economic factors on our operations.
the coronavirus pandemic is an emerging serious threat to health and economic wellbeing affecting our customers, our associates and our sources of supply.
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization announced that infections of the coronavirus covid-19 had become pandemic, and on march 13, the u.s. president announced a national emergency relating to the disease. there is a possibility of widespread infection in the united states and abroad, with the potential for catastrophic impact. national, state and local authorities have recommended social distancing and imposed or are considering quarantine and isolation measures on large portions of the population, including mandatory business closures. these measures, while intended to protect human life, are expected to have serious adverse impacts on domestic and foreign economies of uncertain severity and duration. the effectiveness of economic stabilization efforts, including proposed government payments to affected citizens and industries, is uncertain. some economists are predicting the united states will soon enter a recession.
the sweeping nature of the covid-19 pandemic makes it extremely difficult to predict how the company's business and operations will be affected in the longer run. however, the likely overall economic impact of the pandemic is viewed as highly negative to the general economy. we may become subject to store closures. we have been classified as an essential business in the jurisdictions that have decided that issue to date, and we have been allowed to remain open. our small, convenient stores; our sale of food, paper products, personal sanitation products, cleaning supplies, and over the counter drugs; and our acceptance of snap benefits among other factors have been important to our classification as an essential business. however, we can give no assurance that that will not change in the future. we may also be forced to close for other reasons such as the health of our associates or because of disruptions in the continued operation of our supply chain and sources of supply. it is possible facility closures for health reasons could also impact company distribution centers or our store-support center in chesapeake, virginia. additionally, as pandemic conditions wane, we cannot predict how quickly the marketplaces in which we operate would return to normal.
any of the foregoing factors, or other cascading effects of the coronavirus pandemic that are not currently foreseeable, could materially increase our costs, negatively impact our sales and damage the company's results of operations and its liquidity position, possibly to a significant degree. the duration of any such impacts cannot be predicted.
we could continue to encounter higher costs and disruptions in our distribution network.
our success is dependent on our ability to transport merchandise to our distribution centers and then to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. we also rely heavily on third parties including ocean shippers and truckers in that process. we may not anticipate, respond to or control all of the challenges of operating our distribution network. additionally, when a shipping or trucking line fails to deliver on its commitments or our distribution centers fail to operate effectively, we could experience merchandise shortages that could lead to lost sales or increased costs. in the last several years, we have incurred higher distribution costs due to a variety of factors. some of the factors that could have an adverse effect on our distribution network or costs in 2020 are:
•   shipping disruption. our oceanic shipping schedules and shipping capacity may be disrupted or delayed from time to time. one factor that may have an impact in 2020 is the outbreak and spread of the coronavirus identified as covid-19, which presents a risk to trans-pacific shipping. the coronavirus, which has resulted in an epidemic and travel restrictions, originated and is concentrated in china, where we buy a significant portion of our merchandise. our supply chain may be disrupted, or our transportation costs might increase, as a result of the coronavirus as well as other international events such as war or acts of terrorism.
•   shipping costs. we could experience increases in shipping rates imposed by the trans-pacific ocean carriers. changes in import duties, import quotas and other trade sanctions could also increase our costs. we are also experiencing higher import freight costs based on the commencement of low sulphur fuel requirements for ships.
•   efficient operations and management. distribution centers and other aspects of our distribution network are difficult to operate efficiently, and we have and could experience a reduction in operating efficiency as a result of high turnover and challenges in maintaining a stable workforce. we are in the process of enhancing our distribution and logistics management to cope with our challenges, but have not completed that process.
•   diesel fuel costs. we have experienced volatility in diesel fuel costs over the past few years.
•   trucking costs. we have recently experienced significant increases in trucking costs due to the truck driver shortage and other factors in 2018, which abated in the fourth quarter of 2019; however, not to the extent anticipated, and our future trucking costs could be higher than we anticipate.
•   vulnerability to natural or man-made disasters. a fire, explosion or natural disaster at a port or any of our distribution facilities could result in a loss of merchandise and impair our ability to adequately stock our stores. some facilities are vulnerable to earthquakes, hurricanes or tornadoes.
•   labor disagreement. labor disagreements, disruptions or strikes, for example at ports, may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers or stores and increase costs.
•   mclane company, inc. in fiscal 2019, we purchased and delivered approximately 14% of our merchandise for our family dollar segment through our relationship with mclane company, inc., which distributes consumable merchandise from multiple manufacturers. a disruption in our relationship with mclane company, inc. could have a significant near-term impact on our operations.
risks associated with our domestic and foreign suppliers, including tariffs or restrictions on trade or disruptions arising from the outbreak of the recent coronavirus, could adversely affect our financial performance.
we are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments due to financial or other difficulties, we could experience merchandise shortages which could lead to lost sales or increased merchandise costs if alternative sources must be used.
we rely on the availability of imported goods at favorable wholesale prices. merchandise imported directly accounts for approximately 40% to 42% of our dollar tree segment's total retail value purchases and 16% to 18% of our family dollar segment's total retail value purchases. in addition, we believe that a significant portion of our goods purchased from domestic vendors is imported. china is the source of a substantial majority of our imports. imported goods are generally less expensive than domestic goods and increase our profit margins. a disruption in the flow of our imported merchandise or an increase in the cost of those goods may significantly decrease our profits. risks associated with our reliance on imported goods may include disruptions in the flow of or increases in the cost of imported goods because of factors such as:
•   duties, tariffs or other restrictions on trade including section 301 tariffs that have already been imposed on imported chinese goods; the section 301 tariffs that have already been assessed are expected to increase merchandise costs significantly in the first two quarters of 2020, but merchandise costs in the last two quarters of 2020 are expected to be affected similarly to the last two quarters of 2019;
•   raw material shortages, work stoppages, government travel restrictions, strikes and political unrest, including any impact on vendors or shipping arising from epidemics and related travel restrictions, such as the recent coronavirus covid-19 pandemic;
•   economic crises and international disputes or conflicts;
•   changes in currency exchange rates or policies and local economic conditions, including inflation (including energy prices and raw material costs) in the country of origin;
•   potential changes to, or withdrawal of the united states from, international trade agreements or the failure of the united states to maintain normal trade relations with china and other countries;
•   changes in leadership and the political climate in countries from which we import products and their relations with the united states; and
•   failure of manufacturers outside the united states to meet food, drug and cosmetic safety and labeling requirements set by government regulators.
see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for further discussion of the effect of foreign suppliers on our operations.
the continuing integration of family dollar's operations is not complete and may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected.
in fiscal 2019, we consolidated company and segment oversight in a single corporate headquarters, with one president, chief merchant, and chief operating officer managing both our family dollar and dollar tree stores. significant progress has been made in the integration of family dollar and dollar tree, but the process is not yet complete. in 2019, we replaced a significant number of family dollar associates in core functions, such as merchandising, due to the consolidation of the family dollar store support center to virginia. it will take our new personnel some time to gain the experience of their predecessors. it is possible that the remaining integration process will take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of key employees, higher than expected costs or unexpected costs, ongoing diversion of management attention, increased competition, the disruption of our ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees. if we experience these difficulties, the anticipated benefits of the integration may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could adversely affect our results of operations or business.
our business could be adversely affected if we fail to attract and retain qualified associates and key personnel.
our growth and performance is dependent on the skills, experience and contributions of our associates, executives and key personnel for both dollar tree and family dollar. various factors, including the integration of our segments, constraints on overall labor availability, wage rates, regulatory or legislative impacts, and benefit costs could impact our ability to attract and retain qualified associates at our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices.
our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores and to expand our square footage profitably.
existing store sales growth is critical to good operating results and is dependent on a variety of factors including merchandise quality, relevance and availability, store operations and customer satisfaction. in addition, increased competition could adversely affect our sales. failure to meet our sales targets, including in our renovated stores, could result in our needing to record material non-cash impairment charges related to our intangible assets. we believe improving sales at family dollar depends in significant part on the success of the h2 renovations which accelerated in 2019. sales growth in the more than 1,300 h2 stores opened or renovated in 2019 performed well above the family dollar store average, but it is uncertain how those stores will perform in 2020 in their second year of operation.
our highest sales periods are during the christmas and easter seasons, and we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and our operating and net income during the fourth quarter. in anticipation, we stock extra inventory and hire many temporary employees to prepare our stores. a reduction in sales during these periods could adversely affect our operating results, particularly operating and net income, to a greater extent than if a reduction occurred at other times of the year. untimely merchandise delays due to receiving or distribution problems could have a similar effect.
our plans for 2020 project that our profitability improvements, as compared to 2019, will be primarily realized in the last three quarters of the year. as a result, performance and disruption problems in those quarters may have a bigger impact on our achieving our profitability targets for 2020.
when easter is observed earlier in the year, the selling season is shorter and, as a result, our sales could be adversely affected. easter was observed on april 21, 2019 and will be observed on april 12, 2020.
expanding our square footage profitably depends on a number of uncertainties, including our ability to locate, lease, build out and open or expand stores in suitable locations on a timely basis under favorable economic terms. obtaining an increasing number of profitable stores is an ever increasing challenge. in addition, our expansion is dependent upon third-party developers' abilities to acquire land, obtain financing, and secure necessary permits and approvals. we also open or expand stores within our established geographic markets, where new or expanded stores may draw sales away from our existing stores. we may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve our expansion plans could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our profitability is affected by the mix of products we sell.
our gross profit margin decreases when we increase the proportion of higher cost goods we sell. imported merchandise is generally lower cost than domestic goods. our supply of goods, including imported goods, could be negatively impacted by the coronavirus covid-19. in recent years, the percentage of our sales from higher cost consumable products has increased, and we can give no assurance that this trend will not continue.
in addition, shrink has increased, especially at family dollar. as a result, our gross profit margin has decreased. we are instituting processes and procedures to decrease shrink, but we can give no assurance that they will be successful.
in our family dollar segment, our success also depends on our ability to select and obtain sufficient quantities of relevant merchandise at prices that allow us to sell such merchandise at profitable and appropriate prices. a sales price that is too high causes products to be less attractive to our customers and our sales at family dollar could suffer. we are continuing to implement our everyday low price strategy at family dollar to drive customer loyalty and have a strategic pricing team to improve our value and to increase profitability. inability to successfully implement our pricing strategies at family dollar could have a negative effect on our business.
in addition, our family dollar segment has a substantial number of private brand items and the number of items has been increasing. we believe our success in maintaining broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including our pricing, costs, quality and customer perception. we may not achieve or maintain our expected sales for our private brands and, as a result, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. additionally, the increased number of private brands could negatively impact our existing relationships with our non-private brand suppliers.
we may stop selling or recall certain products for safety-related issues.
we may stop selling or recall certain products produced by certain manufacturers for safety-related issues, including product contamination, product content such as lead, spoilage or other adulteration, improper manufacturing processes, improper testing, product mislabeling or product tampering.  for example, we may stop selling or recall products if the products or operations of our suppliers violate applicable laws or regulations, including food, drug and cosmetic safety laws, or when our suppliers' products cause injury, illness or death. in addition, our marketing of adulterated products could subject us to claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. a significant product liability or other legal judgment against us, a related regulatory enforcement action or a widespread product recall could materially and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. moreover, even if a product liability, consumer fraud or other claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against the products we sell could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and profitability.
we rely on computer and technology systems in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of those systems including because of a cyber-attack could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results.
we rely extensively on our computer and technology systems and, in certain cases, those of third-party service providers to manage inventory, process credit card and customer transactions and summarize results. our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the distribution and sale of our merchandise depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems and on our ability to successfully integrate the dollar tree and family dollar systems. we also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these computer and technology systems and support.
although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available to us. this may be as the result of deliberate breach in the security of these systems or platforms by bad actors, including through computer viruses, ransomware and other cyber-attacks. failures may also be caused by various other factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or third party service providers.
if these systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions and may receive negative publicity, which could adversely affect our results of operations and business. in addition, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses.
if we suffer a data breach and are unable to secure our customers' credit card and confidential information, or other private data relating to our associates, suppliers or our business, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and increased costs, which could damage our business reputation and adversely affect our results of operations or business.
many of our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting, and internal and external communications, contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and associates. many of our information technology systems also contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business and suppliers.
we have procedures and technology in place to safeguard our customers' debit and credit card information, our associates' private data, suppliers' data, and our business records and intellectual property and other sensitive information. despite these measures, we have experienced attempted and on-going cyber-attacks, which are rapidly evolving. perpetrators, who may include well-funded state actors, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and difficult to detect. we may be vulnerable to, and unable to anticipate, detect and appropriately respond to such cyber-security attacks, including data security breaches and data loss. if we or any third-party systems we use experience a data security breach, we could be exposed to negative publicity, government enforcement actions and private litigation. in addition, our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether.
moreover, significant capital investments and other expenditures could also be required to remedy cyber-security problems and prevent future security breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and services (e.g. credit-monitoring services) for those whose data has been breached. these costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.
the unavailability of our information technology systems or the failure of those systems or software to perform as anticipated for any reason and any inability to respond to, or recover from, such an event, could disrupt our business, decrease performance and increase overhead costs. if we are unable to secure our customers' credit card and confidential information, or other private data relating to our associates, suppliers or our business, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and increased costs. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or business.
we could incur losses due to impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets.
under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever economic events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. identifiable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill, are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. a more frequent evaluation is performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred.
in fiscal 2019 and 2018, we recorded a $313.0 million and a $2.73 billion non-cash pre-tax and after-tax goodwill impairment charge, respectively, related to our family dollar reporting unit. in 2018, as a result of a strategic and operational reassessment of the family dollar segment following challenges that the business experienced which impacted our ability to grow the business at the originally estimated rate when the company made the acquisition in 2015, we determined that the carrying value of the family dollar assets was greater than its estimated fair value and recorded an impairment charge. these challenges included slower sales growth, increased freight costs driven by the driver shortage, reinvestment in store labor and higher shrink. failure to fully address these challenges, significant negative industry or general economic trends, other disruptions to our business and unanticipated significant changes in our use of the assets may result in additional impairments to our goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. following our annual impairment assessment, we recorded an impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2019. we will continue to monitor key assumptions and other factors utilized in our goodwill impairment analysis, and if business or other market conditions develop that are materially different than we currently anticipate, we will conduct an additional impairment evaluation. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition. for additional information on goodwill impairments please refer to note 3 to our consolidated financial statements.
our business or the value of our common stock could be negatively affected as a result of actions by activist shareholders.
we value constructive input from investors and regularly engage in dialogue with our shareholders regarding strategy and performance. the board of directors and management team are committed to acting in the best interests of all of our shareholders. there is no assurance that the actions taken by the board of directors and management in seeking to maintain constructive engagement with the company's shareholders will be successful. activist shareholders who disagree with the company's strategy or the way the company is managed have sought to effect change, and may seek to effect change in the future, through various strategies that range from private engagement to publicity campaigns, proxy contests, efforts to force transactions not supported by the board of directors and litigation.
responding to these actions may be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of our board of directors, management and employees, and interfere with the company's ability to execute its strategic plan and attract and retain qualified executive leadership. a contested election, for example, could also require us to incur substantial legal and public relations fees and proxy solicitation expenses. the perceived uncertainty as to the company's future direction resulting from activist strategies could also affect the market price and volatility of the company's common stock.
litigation and arbitration may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is subject to the risk of litigation and arbitration involving employees, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, governmental investigations, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions, mass arbitration or other similar actions. our products could also cause illness or injury, harm our reputation, and subject us to litigation. we are dependent on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy comply with all applicable safety standards. however, product liability, personal injury or other claims may be asserted against us relating to product contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall and other safety issues with respect to the products that we sell. we seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from our vendors, and if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, such product liability or safety claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. our ability to obtain the benefit of contractual indemnification from foreign vendors may be hindered by our ability to enforce contractual indemnification obligations against such vendors. our litigation-related expenses could increase as well, which also could have a materially negative impact on our results of operations even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued.
for example, we are currently defendants in state employment-related class and representative actions, in demands for thousands of arbitrations, and in litigation concerning injury from products. the outcome of such matters is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits or proceedings may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in an expense that may be material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. the cost to defend current and future litigation or proceedings, including arbitrations, may be significant. there also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation, including litigation related to product or food safety, customer information and environmental or safety requirements, which could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable.
for a discussion of current legal matters, please see "item 3. legal proceedings" and note 5 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption "contingencies." resolution of these matters, if decided against the company, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, accrued liabilities or cash flows.
pressure from competitors may reduce our sales and profits.
the retail industry is highly competitive. the marketplace is highly fragmented as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store formats and merchandising strategies, including mobile and online shopping. we expect competition to increase in the future. there are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. some of our current or potential competitors have greater financial resources than we do. we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors or that doing so will not require substantial capital expenditures. please see "item 1. business" for further discussion of the effect of competition on our operations.
a downturn or changes in economic conditions, including those caused by the coronavirus covid-19, could impact our sales or profitability.
deterioration in economic conditions, for example because of the coronavirus pandemic and government measures to combat it, could reduce consumer spending or cause customers to shift their spending to products we either do not sell or do not sell as profitably. adverse economic conditions could disrupt consumer spending and significantly reduce our sales, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns or reduce our profitability due to lower margins. other factors that could result in or exacerbate adverse economic conditions include a recession, inflation, higher unemployment, consumer debt levels, trade disputes, as well as adverse weather conditions, epidemics, terrorism or international conflict.
furthermore, factors that could adversely affect consumer disposable income could decrease our customers' spending on products we sell. factors that could reduce our customers' disposable income and over which we exercise no influence include but are not limited to, the pandemic and other adverse economic conditions described above as well as increases in fuel or other energy costs and interest rates, lack of available credit, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, increasing healthcare costs, and changes in, decreases in, or elimination of, government subsidies such as unemployment and food assistance programs.
many of the factors identified above that affect disposable income, as well as commodity rates, transportation costs (including the costs of diesel fuel), costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, lease costs, barriers or increased costs associated with international trade and other economic factors also affect our ability to implement our corporate strategy effectively, our cost of goods sold and our selling, general and administrative expenses, and may have other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate or control, all of which may adversely affect our sales or profitability. we have limited or no ability to control many of these factors.
changes in federal, state or local law, including regulations and interpretations or guidance thereunder, or our failure to adequately estimate the impact of such changes or comply with such laws, could increase our expenses, expose us to legal risks or otherwise adversely affect us.
our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. the minimum wage has increased or is scheduled to increase in multiple states, provinces and local jurisdictions. significant legislative changes in regulations such as the health-care legislation, that impact our relationship with our workforce could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product and food safety, worker safety or environmental protection, among others, could cause our expenses to increase or product recalls. in addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including wage and hour laws, we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, we are subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which we operate regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. for example, the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), which became effective on january 1, 2020, imposes new responsibilities on us for the handling, disclosure and deletion of personal information for consumers who reside in california. the ccpa permits california to assess potentially significant fines for violating ccpa and creates a right for individuals to bring class action suits seeking damages for violations. our efforts to comply with ccpa and other privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or be subject to litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations.
the price of our common stock is subject to market and other conditions and may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors. these factors, some of which may be beyond our control, include the perceived prospects and actual results of operations of our business; changes in estimates of our results of operations by analysts, investors or us; trading activity by our large shareholders; trading activity by sophisticated algorithms (high-frequency trading); our actual results of operations relative to estimates or expectations; actions or announcements by us or our competitors; litigation and judicial decisions; legislative or regulatory actions or changes; and changes in general economic or market conditions. in addition, the stock market in general has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. these market fluctuations could reduce the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to our operating performance.
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, limit our ability to obtain additional financing, restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and competitive pressures.
in connection with our acquisition of family dollar, we substantially increased our indebtedness, which could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our obligations and have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position. as of february 1, 2020, our total indebtedness is $3.8 billion. in addition, we have $1.25 billion of additional borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, less amounts outstanding for letters of credit totaling $136.9 million.
our level of debt could have significant consequences, including the following:
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes;
•   requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments, instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•   limiting our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all;
•   imposing restrictive covenants on our operations;
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors carrying less debt; and
•   making us more vulnerable to economic downturns and limiting our ability to withstand competitive pressures.
in addition, our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. our ratings reflect the opinions of the ratings agencies of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. there can be no assurance that we will achieve a particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future.
the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to pursue our business strategies, and could adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition and liquidity.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including, among other things, restrictions on our ability to:
•   incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness;
•   declare or pay dividends or make other distributions with respect to, or purchase or otherwise acquire or retire for value, equity interests;
•   make loans, advances or other investments;
•   incur liens;
•   sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries;
•   enter into sale and lease-back transactions;
•   consolidate or merge with or into, or sell all or substantially all of our assets to, another person; and
•   enter into transactions with affiliates.
in addition, certain of these agreements require us to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants. our ability to satisfy these financial maintenance covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet them.
a breach of the covenants under these agreements could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness, which, if not cured or waived, could result in us having to repay our borrowings before their due dates. such default may allow the debt holders to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. if we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or if we were to experience difficulty in refinancing the debt prior to maturity, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially affected. in addition, an event of default under our credit facilities may permit the lenders under our credit facilities to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under such credit facilities. in the event our lenders or holders of notes accelerate the repayment of such borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness.
as a result of these restrictions, we may be:
•   limited in how we conduct our business;
•   unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or
•   unable to compete effectively, take advantage of new business opportunities or grow in accordance with our plans.
certain provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws could delay or discourage a change of control transaction that may be in a shareholder's best interest.
our articles of incorporation and bylaws currently contain provisions that may delay or discourage a takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in his/her best interest. these provisions, among other things:
•   provide that only the board of directors, the chairman of the board or the chief executive officer may call special meetings of the shareholders;
•   establish certain advance notice procedures for nominations of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders' meetings; and
•   permit the board of directors, without further action of the shareholders, to issue and fix the terms of preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of the common stock.
however, we believe that these provisions allow our board of directors to negotiate a higher price in the event of a takeover attempt which would be in the best interest of our shareholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this section of form 10-k generally discusses 2019 and 2018 events and results and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018. discussions of 2017 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended february 2, 2019.
in management's discussion and analysis, we explain the general financial condition and the results of operations for our company, including, factors that affect our business, analysis of annual changes in certain line items in the consolidated financial statements, performance of each of our operating segments, expenditures incurred for capital projects and sources of funding for future expenditures. as you read management's discussion and analysis, please refer to our consolidated financial statements and related notes, included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k. unless otherwise indicated, references to "we," "our" or "us" refer to dollar tree, inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
key events and recent developments several key events have had or are expected to have a significant effect on our operations. they are listed below:
•   coronavirus pandemic
◦   in march 2020, infections of the coronavirus covid-19 had become pandemic with persons testing positive in all fifty states and the district of columbia. with the possibility of widespread infection in the united states and abroad, national, state and local authorities have recommended social distancing and imposed or are considering quarantine and isolation measures on large portions of the population, including mandatory business closures. the company has been classified as an essential business in certain jurisdictions that have decided that issue to date, and we have been allowed to remain open. however, we can give no assurance that that will not change in the future and we may also be forced to close stores or other facilities for other reasons such as the health of our associates or because of disruptions in the continued operation of our supply chain and sources of supply. other economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic are difficult to predict and may adversely impact our results of operations or business condition.
•   integration of family dollar
◦   in 2018, based on our strategic and operational reassessment of the family dollar segment following challenges that the business experienced that impacted our ability to grow the business at the originally estimated rate when we acquired family dollar in 2015, management determined there were indicators that the goodwill of the business may be impaired. accordingly, a goodwill impairment test was performed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 and we performed our annual impairment test in 2019. the results of the impairment tests showed that the fair value of the family dollar reporting unit was lower than its carrying value resulting in $313.0 million and $2.73 billion non-cash pre-tax and after-tax goodwill impairment charges in the fourth quarters of fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively.
◦   in march 2019, we announced plans for a store optimization program for family dollar. for fiscal 2019, this program included rolling out a new model for both new and renovated family dollar stores, internally known as h2, re-bannering selected stores to the dollar tree brand, closing under-performing stores, and installing adult beverages and expanding freezers and coolers in selected stores. we plan to continue to roll out the h2 concept to more stores, increase the number of stores with adult beverages and expand freezers and coolers in selected stores in 2020.
◦   in fiscal 2019, we substantially completed our consolidation of our store support centers in matthews, north carolina and chesapeake, virginia to our summit pointe development in chesapeake, virginia.
•   supply chain
◦   in the third quarter of 2018, we opened a new 1.2 million square foot distribution center in warrensburg, missouri.
◦   in the third quarter of 2019, we opened a new 1.2 million square foot distribution center in morrow county, ohio.
◦   in fiscal 2019, we began construction of a new 1.2 million square foot distribution center in rosenberg, texas which is expected to be operational in the third quarter of 2020.
◦   in fiscal 2019, we announced plans to construct a new high velocity distribution center in ocala, florida that will provide service directly to dollar tree and family dollar stores throughout florida and parts of the southeast and will be built in two phases eventually comprising a 1.7 million square foot facility.
•   long-term debt
◦   during the first quarter of 2018, we redeemed our $750.0 million acquisition notes and accelerated the amortization of debt-issuance costs associated with the notes of $6.1 million.
◦   during the first quarter of 2018, we refinanced our long-term debt obligations as follows:
▪   we completed the registered offering of $750.0 million of senior floating rate notes due 2020, $1.0 billion of 3.70% senior notes due 2023, $1.0 billion of 4.00% senior notes due 2025 and $1.25 billion of 4.20% senior notes due 2028;
▪   we entered into a credit agreement for a $782.0 million term loan facility and a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility;
▪   we used the proceeds of the above offerings to repay the $2,182.7 million outstanding under our senior secured credit facilities and redeem the remaining $2,500.0 million outstanding under our acquisition debt, resulting in the acceleration of the expensing of $41.2 million of deferred financing costs and the incurrence of $114.3 million in prepayment penalties.
◦   during the fourth quarter of 2018, we prepaid the $782.0 million outstanding under the term loan facility and accelerated the expensing of $1.5 million of deferred financing costs.
◦   during the fourth quarter of 2019, we prepaid $500.0 million of the $750.0 million senior floating rate notes due 2020 and accelerated the expensing of $0.3 million of deferred financing costs.
overview we are a leading operator of more than 15,200 retail discount stores and we conduct our operations in two reporting segments. our dollar tree segment is the leading operator of discount variety stores offering merchandise at the fixed price of $1.00. our family dollar segment operates general merchandise retail discount stores providing consumers with a selection of competitively-priced merchandise in convenient neighborhood stores.
our net sales are derived from the sale of merchandise. two major factors tend to affect our net sales trends. first is our success at opening new stores or adding new stores through mergers or acquisitions. second is the performance of stores once they are open. sales vary at our existing stores from one year to the next. we refer to this as a change in comparable store net sales, because we include only those stores that are open throughout both of the periods being compared, beginning after the first fifteen months of operation. we include sales from stores expanded or remodeled during the year in the calculation of comparable store net sales, which has the effect of increasing our comparable store net sales. the term 'expanded' also includes stores that are relocated. stores that have been re-bannered are considered to be new stores and are not included in the calculation of the comparable store net sales change until after the first fifteen months of operation under the new brand.
at february 1, 2020, we operated stores in 48 states and the district of columbia, as well as stores in five canadian provinces. a breakdown of store counts and square footage by segment for the years ended february 1, 2020 and february 2, 2019 is as follows:
year ended february 1, 2020                                               february 2, 2019
dollar tree          family dollar              total          dollar tree          family dollar              total store count:
beginning                  7,001                       8,236                 15,237             6,650                 8,185                 14,835
new stores                   348                         170                    518               320                   226                    546
re-bannered stores           200                        (200        )             -                52                   (53        )            (1    )
closings                     (44   )                    (423        )          (467    )          (21       )          (122        )          (143    )
ending                     7,505                       7,783                 15,288             7,001                 8,236                 15,237
relocations                   47                          15                     62                54                    13                     67
selling square feet (in millions):
beginning                   60.3                        59.8                  120.1              57.3                  59.3                  116.6
new stores                   3.0                         1.3                    4.3               2.7                   1.7                    4.4
re-bannered stores           1.5                        (1.5        )             -               0.4                  (0.4        )             -
closings                    (0.4   )                    (2.9        )          (3.3    )         (0.2       )          (0.8        )          (1.0    )
relocations                  0.2                           -                    0.2               0.1                     -                    0.1
ending                      64.6                        56.7                  121.3              60.3                  59.8                  120.1
stores are included as re-banners when they close or open, respectively. comparable store net sales for dollar tree may be negatively affected when a family dollar store is re-bannered near an existing dollar tree store.
the average size of stores opened in 2019 was approximately 8,600 selling square feet (or about 10,640 gross square feet) for the dollar tree segment and 7,770 selling square feet (or about 9,630 gross square feet) for the family dollar segment. for 2020, we continue to plan to open stores that are approximately 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet (or about 10,000 - 12,000 gross square feet) for the dollar tree segment and approximately 7,000 - 9,000 selling square feet (or about 9,000 - 11,000 gross square feet) for the family dollar segment. we believe that these size stores are in the ranges of our optimal sizes operationally and give our customers a shopping environment which invites them to shop longer, buy more and make return visits.
fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 which ended on february 1, 2020 and february 2, 2019, respectively, each included 52 weeks. fiscal 2017 ended on february 3, 2018 and included 53 weeks, commensurate with the retail calendar. the 53rd week in 2017 added approximately $406.6 million in sales.
in fiscal 2019, comparable store net sales increased by 1.8% on a constant currency basis, as a result of increases in average ticket and customer count. constant currency basis refers to the calculation excluding the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. we calculated the constant currency basis increase by translating the current year's comparable store net sales in canada using the prior year's currency exchange rates. we believe that the constant currency basis provides a more accurate measure of comparable store net sales performance. including the impact of canadian currency fluctuations, comparable store net sales increased the same 1.8%. on a constant currency basis, comparable store net sales increased 2.3% in the dollar tree segment and increased 1.4% in the family dollar segment in fiscal 2019. in the dollar tree segment, customer count increased 1.3% and average ticket increased 1.0%. in the family dollar segment, an increase of 1.8% in average ticket was partially offset by a decrease in customer count of 0.4%. including the impact of currency, comparable store net sales in the dollar tree segment increased 2.2%. comparable store net sales are positively affected by our expanded and relocated stores, which we include in the calculation, and are negatively affected when we open new stores, re-banner stores or expand stores near existing stores.
dollar tree initiatives we believe comparable store net sales continue to be positively affected by a number of our dollar tree initiatives. we continued the roll-out of frozen and refrigerated merchandise to more of our dollar tree stores in 2019 and as of february 1, 2020, the dollar tree banner had frozen and refrigerated merchandise in approximately 6,155 stores compared to approximately 5,665 stores at february 2, 2019. in 2018, we rolled out a new layout to a number of our dollar tree stores, which we call our snack zone. this layout highlights our immediate consumption snack offerings in the front of the store near the checkout areas. as of february 1, 2020, we have snack zone in more than 2,100 dollar tree stores and we plan to incorporate snack zone in 500 new and existing stores in fiscal 2020. we believe these initiatives have and will continue to enable us to increase sales and earnings by increasing the number of shopping trips made by our customers. we expect to open approximately 350 dollar tree stores in fiscal 2020.
family dollar initiatives as announced in march 2019, we executed a store optimization program in fiscal 2019 for our family dollar stores to improve performance. included in that program was a roll-out of a new model for both new and renovated family dollar stores internally known as h2. we tested the h2 model in 2018 on a limited basis with positive results. this h2 model has significantly improved merchandise offerings, including approximately 20 dollar tree $1.00 merchandise sections and establishing a minimum number of freezer and cooler doors, throughout the store. h2 has increased traffic and provided an average comparable store net sales lift in excess of 10% in the first year following renovation. h2 performs well in a variety of locations and especially in locations where family dollar has been most challenged in the past. we began 2019 with approximately 200 h2 stores and as of february 1, 2020, we have approximately 1,535 h2 stores. we plan to renovate approximately 1,250 stores to the h2 format in fiscal 2020. in addition, we installed adult beverage product in approximately 620 stores in 2019 and plan to add it to approximately 1,000 more stores in 2020. we believe the addition of adult beverage to our assortment will drive traffic to our stores. we expect to open approximately 200 family dollar stores in fiscal 2020, which are expected to be in the h2 format.
as a part of the fiscal 2019 store optimization program at family dollar, we closed 423 under performing stores and incurred approximately $42.5 million in store closure costs related to markdowns, labor and the disposal of fixed assets. in 2020, we plan to close approximately 100 stores at the end of their lease terms. we also re-bannered 200 family dollar stores to the dollar tree brand in 2019.
as part of our continuing integration of family dollar's organization and support functions, in 2019 we consolidated our store support centers in matthews, north carolina and chesapeake, virginia to our summit pointe development in chesapeake, virginia. approximately 30 percent of the matthews associates, including more than 50 percent of the officers and directors, invited to move to chesapeake agreed to do so. the consolidation was substantially completed in fiscal 2019 and we incurred pre-tax expense of approximately $28.2 million in 2019 in connection with the consolidation.
other items additionally, the following items have already impacted or could impact our business or results of operations during 2020 or in the future:
•   the office of the united states trade representative (ustr) previously imposed tariffs under section 301 against chinese goods described on lists 1, 2, and 3 at a rate of 25%. on september 1, 2019, goods described on list 4a became subject to tariffs at the rate of 15%. on february 14, 2020, the tariff rate on list 4a goods declined to 7.5%.
•   during 2019 we were able to negotiate price concessions from vendors on certain products, cancel orders, change product sizes and specifications, change our product mix and change vendors in order to mitigate most of the potential adverse effects of the tariffs under lists 1, 2 and 3 on the dollar tree and family dollar segments through january 2020. due to the timing of the list 4a tariffs, we were not able to significantly mitigate these tariffs in 2019. as a result, in the fourth quarter of 2019, section 301 tariffs increased our costs of goods sold by approximately $29.0 million.
•   we believe that the annualization of these tariffs under section 301 will increase cost of goods sold in 2020 by approximately $47.0 million as compared to 2019, with the majority of this increase affecting the first half of 2020.
•   we will continue to assess the future impact of these tariffs. we can give no assurances as to the final scope, duration, or impact of any existing or future tariffs. the tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations in 2020.
•   we anticipate higher import freight costs continuing into 2020 based on our april 2019 rate negotiations and the commencement in january 2020 of low sulphur fuel requirements for ships.
•   we also anticipate higher promotional activity in the first quarter of 2020 in the family dollar segment as we rebuild our discretionary assortment.
we must continue to control our merchandise costs, inventory levels and our general and administrative expenses as increases in these items could negatively impact our operating results.
results of operations year ended february 1,          february 2,          february 3,
2020                 2019                 2018
net sales                                                                                                    100.0       %        100.0   %            100.0       %
cost of sales                                                                                                 70.2       %         69.6   %             68.4       %
gross profit                                                                                                  29.8       %         30.4   %             31.6       %
selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding goodwill impairment and receivable impairment         23.2       %         22.6   %             22.5       %
goodwill impairment                                                                                            1.3       %         11.9   %                -       %
receivable impairment                                                                                            -       %            -   %              0.1       %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                  24.5       %         34.5   %             22.6       %
operating income (loss)                                                                                        5.3       %         (4.1   )%             9.0       %
interest expense, net                                                                                          0.6       %          1.6   %              1.3       %
other income, net                                                                                                -       %            -   %                -       %
income (loss) before income taxes                                                                              4.7       %         (5.7   )%             7.7       %
provision for income taxes                                                                                     1.2       %          1.3   %                -       %
net income (loss)                                                                                              3.5       %         (7.0   )%             7.7       %
fiscal year ended february 1, 2020 compared to fiscal year ended february 2, 2019
net sales. net sales increased 3.5%, or $787.5 million, in 2019 compared to 2018, resulting from increases in comparable store net sales in the dollar tree and family dollar segments and sales of $796.3 million at new stores, partially offset by lost sales resulting from store closures primarily on the family dollar segment. comparable store net sales increased 1.8% on a constant currency basis as a result of a 1.2% increase in average ticket and a 0.6% increase in customer count. comparable store net sales increased the same 1.8% when including the impact of canadian currency fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, comparable store net sales increased 2.3% in the dollar tree segment and increased 1.4% in the family dollar segment. comparable store net sales are positively affected by our expanded and relocated stores, which we include in the calculation, and are negatively affected when we open new stores, re-banner stores or expand stores near existing stores.
gross profit. gross profit increased $93.2 million or 1.3%, to $7,040.7 million in 2019 compared to $6,947.5 million in 2018. gross profit margin decreased to 29.8% in 2019 from 30.4% in 2018. our gross profit margin decrease was due to the following:
•   merchandise cost, including freight, increased approximately 25 basis points resulting from higher tariffs, higher freight costs, and higher sales of lower margin consumable merchandise, primarily in the family dollar segment, partially offset by improved initial mark-on.
•   shrink costs increased approximately 15 basis points in 2019 due to unfavorable inventory results, primarily in the family dollar segment.
•   distribution costs increased approximately 15 basis points resulting primarily from higher distribution center payroll costs and higher depreciation.
•   occupancy costs increased approximately 10 basis points resulting from higher real estate tax expense.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to $5,778.5 million in 2019 from $7,887.0 million in 2018, a decrease of $2,108.5 million or 26.7%. we recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $313.0 million and $2,727.0 million in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, respectively. the goodwill impairments are discussed further in note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. excluding the goodwill impairment charges in 2019 and 2018, selling, general and administrative expenses increased $305.5 million or 5.9% in 2019 and increased to 23.2% from 22.6%, as a percentage of net sales. this increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was a result of the following:
•   operating and corporate expenses increased approximately 40 basis points resulting from increased costs related to the consolidation of our store support centers, costs related to the disposal of fixed assets due to store closures in conjunction with the family dollar store optimization program, higher legal expenses and increased debit and credit fees resulting from higher penetration.
•   payroll expenses increased approximately 15 basis points primarily due to average hourly rate increases and additional hours, including higher temporary help expenses, to support store-level initiatives. these increases were partially offset by decreased retirement plan contributions.
operating income (loss). operating income was $1,262.2 million in 2019 compared to an operating loss of $939.5 million in 2018. excluding the non-cash goodwill impairment charges in 2019 and 2018, operating income decreased to $1,575.2 million in 2019 compared with $1,787.5 million in 2018 and operating income margin decreased to 6.7% in 2019 from 7.8% in 2018 due to the reasons noted above.
interest expense, net. interest expense, net was $162.1 million in 2019 compared to $370.0 million in 2018. the prior year included prepayment premiums totaling $114.3 million and the acceleration of the expensing of $41.2 million of amortizable non-cash deferred financing costs related to the debt refinancing in the first quarter of 2018. in addition, our 2018 debt refinancing resulted in lower interest rates and the prepayment of the $782.0 million term loan facility in the fourth quarter of 2018 resulted in our having less debt outstanding.
income taxes. our effective tax rate in 2019 was 24.7% compared to 21.5% in 2018. the increase in 2019 is a result of the effect of the goodwill impairment charges in 2019 and 2018 that are not tax deductible. the 2019 effective tax rate includes the benefit of the reversal of a valuation allowance of $24.6 million. the 2018 effective tax rate includes an additional benefit of $16.2 million related to the completion of our analysis of the tax effects of the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja").
segment information we operate a chain of more than 15,200 retail discount stores in 48 states and five canadian provinces. our operations are conducted in two reporting business segments: dollar tree and family dollar. we define our segments as those operations whose results our chief operating decision maker ("codm") regularly reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources.
we measure the results of our segments using, among other measures, each segment's net sales, gross profit and operating income. the codm reviews these metrics for each of our reporting segments. we may revise the measurement of each segment's operating income, as determined by the information regularly reviewed by the codm. if the measurement of a segment changes, prior period amounts and balances are reclassified to be comparable to the current period's presentation. in the current year, we identified corporate and support costs, mainly store support center costs that are considered shared services, and excluded these selling, general and administrative costs from our two reporting business segments. these costs include operating expenses for our store support centers in chesapeake, virginia and matthews, north carolina. during fiscal 2019, we consolidated our matthews, north carolina store support center with our store support center in chesapeake, virginia. we continue to own our facility in matthews, north carolina. prior year amounts have been reclassified to be comparable to the current year presentation.
dollar tree the following table summarizes the operating results of the dollar tree segment:
year ended february 1, 2020                               february 2, 2019                               february 3, 2018
(in millions)      $                       % of net sales         $                       % of net sales         $                       % of net sales net sales          $12,507.9                                      $11,712.1                                      $11,164.4
gross profit       4,342.9            34.7           %            4,137.5            35.3           %            3,998.5            35.8           %
operating income   1,657.8            13.3           %            1,645.9            14.1           %            1,616.8            14.5           %
fiscal year ended february 1, 2020 compared to fiscal year ended february 2, 2019
net sales for the dollar tree segment increased 6.8%, or $795.8 million in 2019 compared to 2018 due to sales from new stores of $586.9 million and a comparable store net sales increase of 2.3% on a constant currency basis resulting from increases in customer count and average ticket of 1.3% and 1.0%, respectively.
gross profit margin for the dollar tree segment decreased to 34.7% in 2019 from 35.3% in 2018. the decrease is due to the following:
•   merchandise cost, including freight, increased approximately 40 basis points primarily due to higher tariffs and higher freight costs, partially offset by improved initial mark-on.
•   distribution costs increased approximately 10 basis points primarily due to higher distribution center payroll and depreciation costs.
operating income margin for the dollar tree segment decreased to 13.3% in 2019 compared to 14.1% in 2018. the decrease in operating income margin in 2019 was the result of lower gross profit margin as noted above and increased selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, increased to 21.4% in 2019 compared to 21.2% in 2018 as a result of the net of the following:
•   payroll expenses increased approximately 15 basis points due to higher store hourly payroll costs resulting from average hourly rate increases and additional hours to support store-level initiatives, partially offset by lower retirement plan expense.
•   operating expenses increased approximately 10 basis points primarily due to increased debit and credit fees resulting from higher debit and credit card penetration in the current year.
family dollar the following table summarizes the operating results of the family dollar segment:
year ended february 1, 2020                               february 2, 2019                                february 3, 2018
(in millions)             $                       % of net sales         $                       % of net sales          $                       % of net sales net sales                 $11,102.9                                      $11,111.2                                       $11,081.1
gross profit              2,697.8            24.3           %            2,810.0            25.3           %             3,023.4            27.3           %
operating income (loss)   (81.0         )         (0.7      )%           (2,320.0      )         (20.9     )%        630.0                  5.7            %
fiscal year ended february 1, 2020 compared to fiscal year ended february 2, 2019
net sales for the family dollar segment decreased $8.3 million or 0.1% in 2019 compared to 2018 as a result of the store closures associated with the store optimization program. the lost sales were partially offset by a comparable store net sales increase of 1.4% and $209.4 million of new stores sales. average ticket increased 1.8% and customer count decreased 0.4% in 2019.
gross profit for the family dollar segment decreased $112.2 million or 4.0% in 2019 compared to 2018. the gross profit margin for family dollar decreased to 24.3% in 2019 compared to 25.3% in 2018. the decrease is due to the following:
•   merchandise cost, including freight, increased approximately 40 basis points, primarily due to higher sales of lower margin consumable merchandise and higher freight costs, partially offset by higher initial mark-on.
•   shrink costs increased approximately 30 basis points resulting from unfavorable physical inventory results in the current year.
•   distribution costs increased approximately 15 basis points resulting primarily from higher merchandising and distribution payroll-related costs.
•   occupancy costs increased approximately 15 basis points resulting primarily from higher real estate tax expense.
operating loss margin for the family dollar segment decreased to 0.7% in 2019 from 20.9% in 2018. the operating losses in 2019 and 2018 were the result of $313.0 million and $2,727.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charges, respectively. excluding the goodwill impairment charges in 2019 and 2018, operating income margin for the family dollar segment decreased to 2.1% in 2019 from 3.7% in 2018, due to the gross profit margin decrease noted above and increased selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales. excluding the goodwill impairments in 2019 and 2018, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 22.2% in 2019, compared to 21.6% in 2018. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, was due to the net of the following:
•   operating expenses increased approximately 45 basis points resulting primarily from higher costs related to the disposal of fixed assets in connection with the store optimization program, higher legal expenses, higher debit and credit fees resulting from higher debit and credit card penetration and higher store supplies expense to support the h2 initiative.
•   payroll expenses increased approximately 15 basis points primarily due to average hourly rate increases and additional hours, including increased temporary help expenses, to support store-level initiatives, partially offset by lower insurance expenses.
liquidity and capital resources our business requires capital to build and open new stores, expand our distribution network and operate and expand our existing stores. our working capital requirements for existing stores are seasonal in nature and typically reach their peak in the months of september and october. historically, we have satisfied our seasonal working capital requirements for existing stores and have funded our store opening and distribution network expansion programs from internally generated funds and borrowings under our credit facilities.
the following table compares cash-flow related information for the years ended february 1, 2020, february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018:
year ended february 1,             february 2,             february 3,
(in millions)                     2020                    2019                    2018
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                     $1,869.8                $1,766.0                $1,510.2
investing activities                     (1,020.2     )            (816.7     )            (627.9     )
financing activities                       (709.8     )          (1,599.9     )            (651.5     )
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $103.8 million in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily as a result of lower cash payments for inventory, partially offset by lower current year earnings, net of non-cash items and a decrease in accounts payable.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased $203.5 million in 2019 compared with 2018 primarily due to increased capital expenditures related to the family dollar segment store optimization program, including h2 renovations and re-banners, partially offset by grant money received from state and local governments for our summit pointe development.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities decreased $890.1 million in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to our debt refinancing in 2018, which resulted in debt payments exceeding the proceeds of long-term debt by $656.9 million and the payment of $155.3 million of debt-issuance and extinguishment costs. we also prepaid the $782.0 million term loan facility in fiscal 2018. in fiscal 2019, we prepaid $500.0 million of our $750.0 million floating rate notes and paid $200.0 million for 2019 stock repurchases.
at february 1, 2020, our long-term borrowings were $3.8 billion and we had $1.25 billion available under our revolving credit facility, less amounts outstanding for standby letters of credit totaling $136.9 million. for additional detail on our long-term borrowings and other commitments, refer to the discussion of funding requirements below, as well as note 5 and note 6 to our consolidated financial statements.
share repurchases we repurchased 1,967,355 shares of common stock on the open market for $200.0 million in fiscal 2019. there were no shares repurchased on the open market in fiscal 2018 or 2017. at february 1, 2020, we have $800.0 million remaining under board repurchase authorization.
funding requirements overview we expect our cash needs for opening new stores and expanding and renovating existing stores in fiscal 2020 to total approximately $575.9 million, which includes capital expenditures, initial inventory and pre-opening costs.
our estimated capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 are approximately $1.2 billion, including planned expenditures for our new and expanded stores, approximately 1,250 planned h2 renovations of family dollar segment stores, the construction of two new distribution centers and the development of additional parcels on our summit pointe property, located in chesapeake, virginia, for mixed-use purposes. we believe that we can adequately fund our working capital requirements and planned capital expenditures for the foreseeable future from net cash provided by operations and potential borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
the following tables summarize our material contractual obligations at february 1, 2020, including both on- and off-balance sheet arrangements, and our commitments, including interest on long-term borrowings (in millions):
contractual obligations                 total              2020              2021              2022              2023            2024          thereafter lease financing operating lease obligations      $7,458.3          $1,435.5          $1,350.8          $1,150.3            $927.6          $711.0          $1,883.1
long-term borrowings principal                         3,800.0             250.0             300.0                 -           1,000.0               -           2,250.0
interest                            784.7             145.4             129.2             129.7             104.2            92.0             184.2
total obligations               $12,043.0          $1,830.9          $1,780.0          $1,280.0          $2,031.8          $803.0          $4,317.3
commitments                                  total        expiring in 2020        expiring in 2021        expiring in 2022        expiring in 2023   expiring in 2024        thereafter letters of credit and surety bonds      $340.9              $333.5                    $6.8                    $0.5                    $0.1           $-                      $-
purchase obligations                     123.2                47.8                    30.3                    22.4                    17.5                     5.2           -
total commitments                       $464.1              $381.3                   $37.1                   $22.9                   $17.6           $5.2                    $-
lease financing operating lease obligations. refer to note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for information on our operating leases. the obligation above includes amounts for leases that were signed prior to february 1, 2020 for stores that were not yet open on february 1, 2020.
long-term borrowings in the first quarter of 2018, we redeemed our $750.0 million acquisition notes and accelerated the amortization of debt-issuance costs associated with the notes of $6.1 million.
additionally, in the first quarter of 2018, we completed the registered offering of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior floating rate notes due 2020, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.70% senior notes due 2023, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2025 and $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.20% senior notes due 2028. we also entered into a credit agreement with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, providing for $2.03 billion in senior credit facilities, consisting of a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility and a $782.0 million term loan facility. we used the proceeds of these borrowings and cash on hand to repay all of the outstanding loans under our then-existing senior secured credit facilities and acquisition notes, resulting in the acceleration of the expensing of $41.2 million of deferred financing costs and the incurrence of $114.3 million in prepayment penalties. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we prepaid in full the $782.0 million term loan facility and in the fourth quarter of 2019, we prepaid $500.0 million of the $750.0 million senior floating rate notes due 2020.
in addition, upon the acquisition of family dollar in 2015, we assumed the liability for $300.0 million of 5.00% senior notes due february 1, 2021.
the interest on our long-term borrowings represents the interest payments on the foregoing long-term borrowings that were outstanding at february 1, 2020 using the interest rates for each at february 1, 2020.
for additional information on our long-term borrowings, please refer to note 6 to our consolidated financial statements.
commitments letters of credit and surety bonds. we have $330.0 million in letter of credit reimbursement and security agreements with various financial institutions, under which approximately $134.7 million was committed to letters of credit issued for routine purchases of imported merchandise at february 1, 2020.
we also have approximately $136.9 million of letters of credit outstanding that serve as collateral for our large-deductible insurance programs and $69.3 million of surety bonds outstanding primarily for certain utility payment obligations at some of our stores and self-insured insurance programs.
purchase obligations. we have commitments totaling approximately $123.2 million related to agreements for software licenses and support, telecommunication services and store technology assets and maintenance for our stores.
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates. certain of our estimates require a high level of judgment and have the potential to have a material effect on the financial statements if actual results vary significantly from those estimates. following is a discussion of the policies that we consider critical.
inventory valuation as discussed in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption "merchandise inventories," inventories at the distribution centers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost determined on a weighted-average basis. cost is assigned to store inventories using the retail inventory method on a weighted-average basis. under the retail inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the resulting gross margins are computed by applying a calculated cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories. the retail inventory method is an averaging method that is widely used in the retail industry and results in valuing inventories at lower of cost or net realizable value when markdowns are taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories on a timely basis.
inventory valuation methods require certain management estimates and judgments, including estimates of future merchandise markdowns and shrink, which significantly affect the ending inventory valuation at cost as well as the resulting gross margins. the averaging required in applying the retail inventory method and the estimates of shrink and markdowns could, under certain circumstances, result in costs not being recorded in the proper period.
we estimate our markdown reserve based on the consideration of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, quantities of slow moving or seasonal carryover merchandise on hand, historical markdown statistics and future merchandising plans. the accuracy of our estimates can be affected by many factors, some of which are outside of our control, including changes in economic conditions and consumer buying trends. historically, we have not experienced significant differences in our estimated reserve for markdowns compared with actual results.
our accrual for shrink is based on the actual, historical shrink results of our most recent physical inventories adjusted, if necessary, for current economic conditions and business trends. these estimates are compared to actual results as physical inventory counts are taken and reconciled to the general ledger. our physical inventory counts are generally taken between january and october of each year; therefore, the shrink accrual recorded at february 1, 2020 is based on estimated shrink for most of 2019, including the fourth quarter. the amounts recorded in the current year reflect the dollar tree and family dollar segments' historical results. we periodically adjust our shrink estimates to reflect our best estimates based on the factors described.
our management believes that our application of the retail inventory method results in an inventory valuation that reasonably approximates cost and results in carrying inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value each year on a consistent basis.
self-insurance liabilities the liabilities related to our self-insurance programs for workers' compensation and general liability are estimates that require judgment and the use of assumptions. semiannually, we obtain third-party actuarial valuations to aid in valuing the liabilities and in determining the amount to accrue during the year. these actuarial valuations are estimates based on our historical loss development factors and the related accruals are adjusted as management's estimates change.
management's estimate for self-insurance liabilities could vary from the ultimate loss sustained given the difficulty in predicting future events; however, historically, the net total of these differences has not had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at their fair values. these assets are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. a more frequent evaluation is performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred. such events or circumstances could include, but are not limited to, significant negative industry or economic trends, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment and a significant sustained decline in the market price of our stock.
for purposes of our goodwill impairment evaluation, the reporting units are family dollar, dollar tree and dollar tree canada. goodwill has been assigned to the reporting units based on prior business combinations related to the brands. in the event a qualitative assessment of the fair value of a reporting unit indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, we then estimate the fair value using a combination of a market multiple method and a discounted cash flow method. under the market multiple approach, we estimate a fair value based on comparable companies' market multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") and adjusted for a control premium. under the discounted cash flow approach, we project future cash flows which are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital analysis that reflects current market conditions, adjusted for specific reporting unit risks (primarily the uncertainty of achieving projected operating cash flows). if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
the family dollar goodwill and trade name comprise a substantial portion of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and management's judgment utilized in the family dollar goodwill and trade name impairment evaluations is critical. the computations require management to make estimates and assumptions and actual results may differ significantly, particularly if there are significant adverse changes in the operating environment. critical assumptions that are used as part of the family dollar goodwill evaluation include:
•   the potential future revenue, ebitda and cash flows of the reporting unit. the projections use management's assumptions about economic and market conditions over the projected period as well as our estimates of future performance and reporting unit revenue, gross margin, expenses and other factors. the resulting revenue, ebitda and cash flow estimates are based on our most recent business operating plans, and various growth rates have been assumed for years beyond the current business plan period. we believe that the assumptions, estimates and rates used in our fiscal 2019 impairment evaluations are reasonable; however, variations in the assumptions, estimates and rates could result in significantly different estimates of fair value.
•   selection of an appropriate discount rate. calculating the present value of future cash flows requires the selection of an appropriate discount rate, which is based on a weighted-average cost of capital analysis. the discount rate is affected by changes in short-term interest rates and long-term yield as well as variances in the typical capital structure of marketplace participants. given current economic conditions, it is possible that the discount rate will fluctuate in the near term. we engaged third party experts to assist in the determination of the weighted-average cost of capital used to discount the cash flows for our family dollar reporting unit. the weighted-average cost of capital used to discount the cash flows for our evaluation was 8.25% for our fiscal 2019 analysis.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as the family dollar trade name, are not subject to amortization but are reviewed at least annually for impairment. the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment evaluations are performed by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets to their carrying values. we estimate the fair value of our trade name intangible asset based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method. this approach is dependent upon a number of factors, including estimates of future growth and trends, royalty rates, discount rates and other variables. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain. the discount rate includes a premium compared to the discount used for the family dollar goodwill impairment evaluation due to the inherently higher risk profile of intangible assets compared to the overall reporting unit.
our impairment evaluations of goodwill resulted in non-cash impairment charges of $313.0 million and $2.73 billion in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, related to the family dollar reporting unit. no goodwill impairment charges were recorded in fiscal 2017. our evaluation of the family dollar trade name did not result in impairment charges during fiscal 2019, 2018 or 2017. based on the result of the evaluation, the fair value of the family dollar trade name was within 1.5% of its carrying value.
for additional information on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including the related impairment evaluations, refer to note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. for additional information on uncertainties associated with the key assumptions and any potential events and/or circumstances that could have a negative effect on the key assumptions, please refer to "item 1a. risk factors" and elsewhere within this "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." if our assumptions and related estimates change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges against earnings in future periods. any impairment charges that we may take in the future could be material to our results of operations and financial condition.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements.
