item 1a. risk factors.
the following are important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this form 10-k. see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" set forth above.
we may also refer to this disclosure to identify factors that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed in other forward-looking statements including those made in oral presentations, including telephone conferences and/or webcasts open to the public.
our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve.
economic downturns, and in particular downturns in our larger markets including the energy, foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, pulp and paper, mining and steel industries, can adversely impact our end-users. the well completion and stimulation, oil and gas production and refinery and petrochemical plant markets served by our global energy segment may be impacted by substantial fluctuations in oil and gas prices; in 2015 and 2016, the global energy segment experienced decreased sales as a result of very challenging global energy market conditions. in recent years, the weaker global economic environment, particularly in europe, has also negatively impacted certain of our end-markets. during these periods of weaker economic activity, our customers and potential customers may reduce or discontinue their volume of purchases of cleaning and sanitizing products and water treatment and process chemicals, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows.
our results are impacted by general worldwide economic factors.
economic factors such as the worldwide economy, capital flows, interest rates and currency movements, including, in particular, our exposure to foreign currency risk, have affected our business in the past and may have a material adverse impact on our business in the future. for example, in 2011 and 2012, the european union's sovereign debt crisis negatively impacted economic activity in that region as well as the strength of the euro versus the u.s. dollar. additionally, the june 2016 brexit vote resulted in a sharp decline in the value of the british pound, as compared to the u.s. dollar and other currencies, and has caused increased fluctuations and unpredictability in foreign currency exchange rates. the possibility for referendum by other eu member states may lead to further market volatility. other regions of the world, including emerging market areas, also expose us to foreign currency risk. as a result of increasing currency controls, importation restrictions, workforce regulations, pricing constraints and local capitalization requirements, we deconsolidated our venezuelan subsidiaries effective as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2015. prior to deconsolidation, across the second through fourth quarters of 2015, we devalued our venezuelan bolivar operations within our water, paper, food & beverage, institutional and energy operating segments. similar currency devaluations, credit market disruptions or other economic turmoil in other countries could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows by negatively impacting economic activity, including in our key end-markets, and by further weakening the local currency versus the u.s. dollar, resulting in reduced sales and earnings from our foreign operations, which are generated in the local currency, and then translated to u.s. dollars.
if we are unsuccessful in executing on key business initiatives, including restructurings and our enterprise resource planning ("erp") system upgrades, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we continue to execute key business initiatives, including restructurings and investments to develop business systems, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. in particular, we are undertaking the accelerate 2020 plan to simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities and focus on key long-term growth areas by leveraging technology and structural improvements as discussed under note 3 entitled "special (gains) and charges" of this form 10-k. additionally, we are continuing our implementation of our erp system upgrades, which are expected to occur in phases over the next several years. these upgrades, which include supply chain and certain finance functions, are expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related transactional processes. these upgrades involve complex business process design and a failure of certain of these processes could result in business disruption. we are also making changes to our system in order to support our separation of the championx business. if the projects in which we are investing or the initiatives which we are pursuing are not successfully executed, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could materially and adversely be affected.
we may be subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security.
we rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. the size and complexity of our information technology systems make them potentially vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion and random attack. acquisitions have resulted in further de-centralization of systems and additional complexity in our systems infrastructure. likewise, data security breaches by employees or others with permitted access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. while we have invested in protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent failures, cybersecurity attacks or breaches in our systems that could cause reputational damage, business disruption or legal and regulatory costs; could result in third-party claims; could result in compromise or misappropriation of our intellectual property, trade secrets or sensitive information; or could otherwise adversely affect our business. certain of our customer offerings include digital components, such as remote monitoring of certain customer operations. a breach of those remote monitoring systems could expose customer data giving rise to potential third-party claims and reputational damage. there may be other related challenges and risks as we complete implementation of our erp system upgrade.
16
we are pursuing a plan to separate and combine our upstream energy business with apergy corporation in a tax-efficient reverse morris trust transaction. the proposed transaction may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and may not achieve the intended benefits.
we have entered into definitive agreements with championx and apergy pursuant to which we will separate the upstream energy business of our global energy segment and combine it with apergy in a tax-efficient reverse morris trust transaction. there can be no assurance of the timing of a transaction with apergy, or whether any such transaction will take place at all. the transaction is subject to closing conditions, including approval by apergy's stockholders, approval by certain foreign regulatory authorities and receipt of opinions with respect to the tax-free nature of the proposed transaction, and there can be no assurance that we will receive the required approvals in a timely manner or at all, or that such approvals will not contain adverse conditions. we also have no assurance that we will be able to realize the intended benefits and tax treatment of the transaction or that the new combined company will perform as expected. the announcement and pendency of the transaction could also cause disruptions in our and apergy's business, including potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships and competitive responses to the transaction. the transaction will also require significant amounts of time and effort which could divert management's attention from operating and growing our business. in addition, depending on apergy's stock price at the closing of the transaction, the transaction may result in a book gain or loss to ecolab. any such book gain or loss would be reported in ecolab's financial statements as discontinued operations. any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend on key personnel to lead our business.
our continued success will largely depend on our ability to attract, retain and develop a high caliber of talent and on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities to drive business growth, development and profitability. as we continue to grow our business, make acquisitions, expand our geographic scope and offer new products and services, we need the organizational talent necessary to ensure effective succession for executive officer and key employee roles in order to meet the growth, development and profitability goals of our business. our operations could be materially and adversely affected if for any reason we were unable to attract, retain or develop such officers or key employees.
our growth depends upon our ability to successfully compete with respect to value, innovation and customer support.
we have numerous global, national, regional and local competitors. our ability to compete depends in part on providing high quality and high value-added products, technology and service. we must also continue to identify, develop and commercialize innovative, profitable and high value-added products for niche applications and commercial digital applications. we have made significant investments in commercial digital product offerings, and our culture and expertise must continue to evolve to develop, support and profitably deploy commercial digital offerings, which are becoming an increasingly important part of our business. there can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish our technology development goals or that technological developments by our competitors will not place certain of our products, technology or services at a competitive disadvantage in the future. in addition, certain of the new products that we have under development will be offered in markets in which we do not currently compete, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in those new markets. if we fail to introduce new technologies or commercialize our digital offerings on a timely and profitable basis, we may lose market share and our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability.
we have significant operations outside the united states, including joint ventures and other alliances. we conduct business in approximately 170 countries and, in 2019, approximately 46% of our net sales originated outside the united states. there are inherent risks in our international operations, including:
●   exchange controls and currency restrictions;

●   currency fluctuations and devaluations;

●   tariffs and trade barriers;

●   export duties and quotas;

●   changes in the availability and pricing of raw materials, energy and utilities;

●   changes in local economic conditions;

●   changes in laws and regulations, including the imposition of economic or trade sanctions affecting international commercial transactions;

●   impact from brexit and the possibility of similar events in other eu member states;

●   difficulties in managing international operations and the burden of complying with international and foreign laws;

●   requirements to include local ownership or management in our business;

●   economic and business objectives that differ from those of our joint venture partners;

●   exposure to possible expropriation, nationalization or other government actions;

●   restrictions on our ability to repatriate dividends from our subsidiaries;

●   unsettled political conditions, military action, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war or other armed conflict; and

●   countries whose governments have been hostile to u.s.-based businesses.

17
effective january 31, 2020, the u.k. has formally left the european union. the u.k.'s relationship with the eu will no longer be governed by the eu treaties, but instead by the terms of the withdrawal agreement agreed between the u.k. and the eu in late 2019. the withdrawal agreement provides for a "transition" period, which commenced the moment the u.k. left the eu and is currently set to end on december 31, 2020. at the end of the transition period, there may be significant changes to the u.k.'s business environment. while the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the u.k. makes to retain access to eu markets or the failure to reach such agreements, the uncertainties created by brexit, any resolution between the u.k. and eu countries or the failure to reach any such resolutions, could adversely affect our relationships with customers, suppliers and employees and could have a material adverse effect our business.
in addition, changes in u.s. or foreign government policy on international trade, including the imposition or continuation of tariffs, could materially and adversely affect our business. in 2018, the u.s. imposed tariffs on certain imports from china and other countries, resulting in retaliatory tariffs by china and other countries. while the u.s. and china signed what is being known as the phase one deal in january 2020, which included the suspension and rollback of tariffs, any new tariffs imposed by the u.s., china or other countries or any additional retaliatory measures by any of these countries, could increase our costs, reduce our sales and earnings or otherwise have an adverse effect on our operations.
also, because of uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of laws and regulations and the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights, we face risks in some countries that our intellectual property rights and contract rights would not be enforced by local governments. we are also periodically faced with the risk of economic uncertainty, which has impacted our business in some countries. other risks in international business also include difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, including managing credit risk to local customers and distributors.
further, our operations outside the united states require us to comply with a number of united states and international regulations, including anti-corruption laws such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act, as well as u.s. and international economic sanctions regulations. we have internal policies and procedures relating to such regulations; however, there is risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the misconduct or reckless acts of employees or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. violations of such laws and regulations could result in disruptive investigations of the company, significant fines and sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal and political conditions. we may not continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we do business, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
our results could be materially and adversely affected by difficulties in securing the supply of certain raw materials or by fluctuations in the cost of raw materials.
the prices of raw materials used in our business can fluctuate from time to time, and in recent years we have experienced periods of increased raw material costs. changes in raw material prices, unavailability of adequate and reasonably priced raw materials or substitutes for those raw materials, or the inability to obtain or renew supply agreements on favorable terms can materially and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. in addition, volatility and disruption in economic activity and conditions could disrupt or delay the performance of our suppliers and thus impact our ability to obtain raw materials at favorable prices or on favorable terms, which may materially and adversely affect our business.
consolidation of our customers and vendors could materially and adversely affect our results.
customers and vendors in the foodservice, hospitality, travel, healthcare, energy, food processing and pulp and paper industries, as well as other industries we serve, have consolidated in recent years and that trend may continue. this consolidation could have a material adverse impact on our ability to retain customers and on our pricing, margins and consolidated results of operations.
our business depends on our ability to comply with laws and governmental regulations, and we may be materially and adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations.
our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the environment, including evolving climate change standards, and to the manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and use of our products as well as to the conduct of our business generally, including employment and labor laws. compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to potential financial liability and increases our operating costs. regulation of our products and operations continues to increase with more stringent standards, causing increased costs of operations and potential for liability if a violation occurs. the potential cost to us relating to environmental and product registration laws and regulations is uncertain due to factors such as the unknown magnitude and type of possible contamination and clean-up costs, the complexity and evolving nature of laws and regulations, and the timing and expense of compliance. changes to current laws (including tax laws), regulations and policies could impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. changes to labor and employment laws and regulations, as well as related rulings by courts and administrative bodies, could materially and adversely affect our operations and expose us to potential financial liability.
18
subsidiaries of championx are defendants in pending lawsuits alleging negligence and injury resulting from the use of corexittm dispersant in response to the deepwater horizon oil spill, which could expose these subsidiaries to monetary damages or settlement costs.
as described in part ii, item 8, note 15, "commitments and contingencies," of this form 10-k, certain entities that are or will become subsidiaries of championx upon completion of the transactions to separate and combine our upstream energy business with apergy corporation (collectively the "corexit defendants") are among the defendants in a number of class action and individual plaintiff lawsuits arising from the use of corexittm dispersant in response to the deepwater horizon oil spill, which could expose the corexit defendants to monetary damages or settlement costs. the plaintiffs in these matters have claimed damages under products liability, tort and other theories.
there currently remain three cases pending against the corexit defendants. it is expected that they will be dismissed pursuant to a november 28, 2012 order granting the corexit defendants' motion for summary judgment. championx cannot predict whether there will be an appeal of the dismissal, the involvement the corexit defendants might have in these matters in the future or the potential for future litigation. however, although championx believes it has rights to contribution and/or indemnification from third parties in connection with these lawsuits if an appeal by plaintiffs in these lawsuits is brought and won, these suits could have a material adverse effect on the business of championx and its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the corexit defendants continue to sell the corexittm oil dispersant product and previously sold product remains in the inventories of individual customers and oil spill response organizations. championx cannot predict the potential for future litigation with respect to such sales or inventory. however, if one or more of such lawsuits are brought and won, these suits could have a material adverse impact on the combined company's financial results.
we enter into multi-year contracts with customers that could impact our results.
our multi-year contracts with some of our customers include terms affecting our pricing flexibility. there can be no assurance that these restraints will not have a material adverse impact on our margins and consolidated results of operations.
if we are unsuccessful in integrating acquisitions, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
as part of our long-term strategy, we seek to acquire complementary businesses. there can be no assurance that we will find attractive acquisition candidates or succeed at effectively managing the integration of acquired businesses into existing businesses. if the underlying business performance of such acquired businesses deteriorates, the expected synergies from such transactions do not materialize or we fail to successfully integrate new businesses into our existing businesses, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could materially and adversely affect the taxes we pay and our profitability.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and foreign jurisdictions, and our operations, plans and results are affected by tax and other initiatives around the world. in particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or related authoritative interpretations in the united states, including tax reform under the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), which includes broad and complex changes to the united states tax code, and the state tax response to the tax act, including, but not limited to variability in our future tax rate. we are also subject to changes in tax law outside the united states. in addition, we are impacted by settlements of pending or any future adjustments proposed by the irs or other taxing authorities in connection with our tax audits, all of which will depend on their timing, nature and scope. increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws (including regulations which interpret the tax act) or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
future events may impact our deferred tax position, including the utilization of foreign tax credits and undistributed earnings of international affiliates that are considered to be reinvested indefinitely.
we evaluate the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the need for deferred tax liabilities based on available evidence. this process involves significant management judgment about assumptions that are subject to change from period to period based on changes in tax laws or variances between future projected operating performance and actual results. we are required to establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if we determine, based on available evidence at the time the determination is made, that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in making this determination, we evaluate all positive and negative evidence as of the end of each reporting period. future adjustments (either increases or decreases), to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance are determined based upon changes in the expected realization of the net deferred tax assets. the realization of the deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carry-back or carry-forward periods under the tax law. due to significant estimates used to establish the valuation allowance and the potential for changes in facts and circumstances, it is reasonably possible that we will be required to record adjustments to the valuation allowance in future reporting periods. changes to the valuation allowance or the amount of deferred tax liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. further, should we change our assertion regarding the permanent reinvestment of the undistributed earnings of international affiliates, a deferred tax liability may need to be established.
19
our indebtedness may limit our operations and our use of our cash flow, and any failure to comply with the covenants that apply to our indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial statements.
as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $6.3 billion in outstanding indebtedness, with approximately $80 million in the form of floating rate debt. our debt level and related debt service obligations may have negative consequences, including:
●   requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes such as acquisitions and capital investment;

●   reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions;

●   exposing us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates. for example, a one percentage point increase in the average interest rate on our floating rate debt at december 31, 2019 would increase future interest expense by approximately $1 million per year; and

●   increasing our cost of funds and materially and adversely affecting our liquidity and access to the capital markets should we fail to maintain the credit ratings assigned to us by independent rating agencies.

if we add new debt, the risks described above could increase.
severe public health outbreaks may materially and adversely impact our business.
our business could be adversely affected by the effect of a public health epidemic. the united states and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, public health outbreaks such as coronavirus, zika virus, avian flu, sars and h1n1 influenza. a prolonged occurrence of a contagious disease such as these could result in a significant downturn in the foodservice, hospitality and travel industries and also may result in health or other government authorities imposing restrictions on travel further impacting our end markets. any of these events could result in a significant drop in demand for some of our products and services and materially and adversely affect our business. uncertainty with respect to the impact on our financial results of the coronavirus outbreak is discussed further in management discussion & analysis located at part ii, item 7, of this form 10-k under the heading "global economic and political environment."
we incur significant expenses related to the amortization of intangible assets and may be required to report losses resulting from the impairment of goodwill or other assets recorded in connection with the nalco and champion transactions and other acquisitions.
we expect to continue to complete selected acquisitions and joint venture transactions in the future. in connection with acquisition and joint venture transactions, applicable accounting rules generally require the tangible and intangible assets of the acquired business to be recorded on the balance sheet of the acquiring company at their fair values. intangible assets other than goodwill are required to be amortized over their estimated useful lives and this expense may be significant. any excess in the purchase price paid by the acquiring company over the fair value of tangible and intangible assets of the acquired business is recorded as goodwill. if it is later determined that the anticipated future cash flows from the acquired business may be less than the carrying values of the assets and goodwill of the acquired business, the assets or goodwill may be deemed to be impaired. in this case, the acquiring company may be required under applicable accounting rules to write down the value of the assets or goodwill on its balance sheet to reflect the extent of the impairment. this write-down of assets or goodwill is generally recognized as a non-cash expense in the statement of operations of the acquiring company for the accounting period during which the write down occurs. as of december 31, 2019, we had goodwill of $7.3 billion which is maintained in various reporting units, including goodwill from the nalco and champion transactions. if we determine that any of the assets or goodwill recorded in connection with the nalco and champion transactions or any other prior or future acquisitions or joint venture transactions have become impaired, we will be required to record a loss resulting from the impairment. impairment losses could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
a chemical spill or release could materially and adversely impact our business.
as a manufacturer and supplier of chemical products, there is a potential for chemicals to be accidentally spilled, released or discharged, either in liquid or gaseous form, during production, transportation, storage or use. such a release could result in environmental contamination as well as a human or animal health hazard. accordingly, such a release could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
extraordinary events may significantly impact our business.
the occurrence of (a) litigation or claims, (b) the loss or insolvency of a major customer or distributor, (c) repeated or prolonged federal government shutdowns or similar events, (d) war (including acts of terrorism or hostilities which impact our markets), (e) natural or manmade disasters, (f) water shortages or (g) severe weather conditions affecting our operations or the energy, foodservice, hospitality and travel industries may have a material adverse effect on our business.
defense of litigation, particularly certain types of actions such as antitrust, patent infringement, personal injury, product liability, wage hour and class action lawsuits, can be costly and time consuming even if ultimately successful, and if not successful could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
20
while we have a diverse customer base and no customer or distributor constitutes 10 percent or more of our consolidated revenues, we do have customers and independent, third-party distributors, the loss of which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or cash flows for the affected earnings periods.
federal government shutdowns can have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or cash flows by disrupting or delaying new product launches, renewals of registrations for existing products and receipt of import or export licenses for raw materials or products.
war (including acts of terrorism or hostilities), natural or manmade disasters, water shortages or severe weather conditions affecting the energy, foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, pulp and paper, mining, steel and other industries can cause a downturn in the business of our customers, which in turn can have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. in particular, the u.s. gulf coast is a region with significant refining, petrochemicals and chemicals operations which provide us raw materials, as well as being an important customer base for our energy and water operating segments. hurricanes or other severe weather events impacting the gulf coast could materially and adversely affect our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable cost, or at all, and could adversely affect our business with our customers in the region.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following management discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that we believe is useful in understanding our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. we provide quantitative information about the material sales drivers including the impact of changes in volume and pricing and the effect of acquisitions and changes in foreign currency at the corporate and reportable segment level. we also provide quantitative information regarding special (gains) and charges, discrete tax items and other significant factors we believe are useful for understanding our results. such quantitative drivers are supported by comments meant to be qualitative in nature. qualitative factors are generally ordered based on estimated significance.
the discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k. our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. this discussion contains various non-gaap financial measures and also contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. we refer readers to the statements and information set forth in the sections entitled "non-gaap financial measures" at the end of this md&a, and "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" within items 1 and 1a of this form 10-k. we also refer readers to the tables within the section entitled "results of operations" of this md&a for reconciliation information of non-gaap measures to u.s. gaap.
comparability of results fixed currency foreign exchange rates management evaluates the sales and operating income performance of our non-u.s. dollar functional currency international operations based on fixed currency exchange rates, which eliminate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our international operations. fixed currency amounts are updated annually at the beginning of each year based on translation into u.s. dollars at foreign currency exchange rates established by management, with all periods presented using such rates. public currency rate data provided within the "segment performance" section of this md&a reflect amounts translated at actual public average rates of exchange prevailing during the corresponding period and is provided for informational purposes only.
comparability of reportable segments we made immaterial changes to our reportable segments, including the movement of certain customers and cost allocations between reportable segments. all comparisons and discussion throughout the md&a reflect these changes.
impact of acquisitions and divestitures acquisition adjusted growth rates exclude the results of our acquired businesses from the first twelve months post acquisition and exclude the results of our divested businesses from the twelve months prior to divestiture.
25
executive summary we achieved improved sales and strong earnings growth in 2019 as we drove new product introductions, new business wins and improved operating efficiency in a generally steady market environment. increased pricing was achieved to more than offset unfavorable sales mix. along with higher other income and lower interest expense, adjusted diluted earnings per share leveraged the good operating income growth and delivered the year's double-digit adjusted diluted eps growth.
sales reported sales increased 2% to $14.9 billion in 2019 from $14.7 billion in 2018. sales were positively impacted by pricing. when measured in fixed rates of foreign currency exchange, fixed currency sales increased 4% compared to the prior year. acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales increased 3% compared to the prior year.
gross margin our reported gross margin was 41.5% of sales for 2019, compared to our 2018 reported gross margin of 41.2%. excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges included in cost of sales from both 2019 and 2018, our adjusted gross margin was 41.7% in 2019 and 41.3% in 2018.
operating income reported operating income increased 3% to $2.01 billion in 2019, compared to $1.95 billion in 2018. adjusted operating income, excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges, increased 9% in 2019. when measured in fixed rates of foreign currency exchange, adjusted fixed currency operating income increased 11% in 2019.
earnings attributable to ecolab per common share ("eps")
reported diluted eps increased 9% to $5.33 in 2019 compared to $4.88 in 2018. special (gains) and charges had an impact on both years. special (gains) and charges in 2019 were driven primarily by the impact of restructuring charges, the championx separation charges, discrete tax items, acquisition and integration charges, litigation and other charges. special (gains) and charges in 2018 were driven primarily by the impact of restructuring charges and our commitment to the ecolab foundation. special (gains) and charges in 2017 were driven primarily by the impact of income tax reform, restructuring charges, other discrete taxes, acquisition and integration charges and the gain on sale of equipment care. adjusted diluted eps, which exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items increased 11% to $5.82 in 2019 compared to $5.25 in 2018.
balance sheet we remain committed to maintaining "a" range ratings metrics, supported by our current credit ratings of a-/baa1/a- by standard & poor's, moody's investor services and fitch. our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates.
net debt to ebitda our net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") was 2.0 and 2.3 for 2019 and 2018, respectively. we view these ratios as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization. see the "net debt to ebitda" table on page 43 for reconciliation information.
cash flow cash flow from operating activities was $2.4 billion in 2019 compared to $2.3 billion in 2018. we continued to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments.
dividends we increased our quarterly cash dividend 2% in december 2019 to an indicated annual rate of $1.88 per share. the increase represents our 28th consecutive annual dividend rate increase and the 83rd consecutive year we have paid cash dividends. our outstanding dividend history reflects our continued growth and development, strong cash flows, solid financial position and confidence in our business prospects for the years ahead.
26
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. we have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements ("notes").
preparation of our consolidated financial statements, in conformity with u.s. gaap, requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions to be made about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (2) different estimates that we reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition or results of operations.
besides estimates that meet the "critical" estimate criteria, we make many other accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. all estimates, whether or not deemed critical, affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues or expenses as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. estimates are based on experience and other information available prior to the issuance of the financial statements. materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known, even from estimates not deemed critical. our critical accounting estimates include the following:
revenue recognition revenue is measured as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring goods or providing service. revenue from product and sold equipment is recognized when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied, which generally occurs with the transfer of the product or delivery of the equipment. revenue from service and leased equipment is recognized when the services are provided, or the customer receives the benefit from the leased equipment, which is over time. service revenue is recognized over time utilizing an input method and aligns with when the services are provided. typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date because the effort provided by the field selling and service organization represents services provided, which corresponds with the transfer of control. revenue for leased equipment is accounted for under topic 842 leases and recognized on a straight-line basis over the length of the lease contract.
our revenue policies do not provide for general rights of return. we record estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements, promotions and other volume-based incentives based primarily on historical experience and anticipated performance over the contract period. depending on market conditions, we may increase customer incentive offerings, which could reduce gross profit margins over the term of the incentive. we also record estimated reserves for product returns and credits based on specific circumstances and credit conditions, and when it is deemed probable that the balance is uncollectible. for additional information on our allowance for doubtful accounts, see discussion below.
the revenue standard can be applied to a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics if it is reasonable that the effects of applying the standard at the portfolio would not be significantly different than applying the standard at the individual contract level. we apply the portfolio approach primarily within each operating segment by geographical region. application of the portfolio approach was focused on those characteristics that have the most significant accounting consequences in terms of their effect on the timing of revenue recognition or the amount of revenue recognized. we determined the key criteria to assess with respect to the portfolio approach, including the related deliverables, the characteristics of the customers and the timing and transfer of goods and services, which most closely aligned within the operating segments. in addition, the accountability for the business operations, as well as the operational decisions on how to go to market and the product offerings, are performed at the operating segment level. for additional information on revenue recognition, see note 17.
valuation allowances and accrued liabilities allowances for doubtful accounts we estimate our allowance for doubtful accounts by analyzing accounts receivable balances by age and applying historical write-off and collection trend rates. in addition, our estimates also include separately providing for customer receivables based on specific circumstances and credit conditions, and when it is deemed probable the balance is uncollectible. we estimate our sales returns and allowances by analyzing historical returns and credits and apply these trend rates to calculate estimated reserves for future credits. actual results could differ from these estimates.
our allowance for doubtful accounts balance was $62 million and $61 million, as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. these amounts include our allowance for sales returns and credits of $18 million and $17 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. our bad debt expense as a percent of reported net sales was 0.1% in each of the years 2019, 2018 and 2017. we believe it is reasonably likely that future results will be consistent with historical trends and experience. however, if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an inability to make payments, or if unexpected events, economic downturns, or significant changes in future trends were to occur, additional allowances may be required. for additional information on our allowance for doubtful accounts, see note 2.
27
accrued liabilities our business and operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal and the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination. some risk of environmental liability is inherent in our operations.
we record liabilities related to pending litigation, environmental claims and other contingencies when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. estimates used to record such liabilities are based on our best estimate of probable future costs. we record the amounts that represent the points in the range of estimates that we believe are most probable or the minimum amount when no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. potential insurance reimbursements generally are not anticipated in our accruals for environmental liabilities or other insured losses. expected insurance proceeds are recorded as receivables when recovery is deemed certain. while the final resolution of litigation and environmental contingencies could result in amounts different than current accruals, and therefore have an impact on our consolidated financial results in a future reporting period, we believe the ultimate outcome will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position. for additional information on our commitments and contingencies, see note 15.
actuarially determined liabilities pension and postretirement healthcare benefit plans the measurement of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations are dependent on a variety of assumptions determined by management and used by our actuaries. these assumptions affect the amount and timing of future contributions and expenses.
the significant assumptions used in developing the required estimates are the discount rate, expected return on assets, projected salary and health care cost increases and mortality table.
●   the discount rate assumptions for our u.s. plans are assessed using a yield curve constructed from a subset of bonds yielding greater than the median return from a population of non-callable, corporate bond issues that have an average rating of aa when averaging available moody's investor services, standard &amp; poor's and fitch ratings. the discount rate is calculated by matching the plans' projected cash flows to the bond yield curve. for 2019 and 2018, we elected to measure service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans' liability cash flows. we believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans' liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. in determining our u.s. pension obligations for 2019, our weighted-average discount rate decreased to 3.20% from 4.34% at year-end 2018. in determining our u.s. postretirement health care obligation for 2019, our weighted-average discount rate decreased to 3.16% from 4.29% at year-end 2018.

●   the expected rate of return on plan assets reflects asset allocations, investment strategies and views of investment advisors, and represents our expected long-term return on plan assets. our weighted-average expected return on u.s. plan assets used in determining the u.s. pension and u.s. postretirement health care expenses was 7.25% for 2020 and 2019 and 7.75% for 2018.

●   projected salary and health care cost increases are based on our long-term actual experience, the near-term outlook and assumed inflation. our weighted-average projected salary increase used in determining the u.s. pension expenses was 4.03% for 2019, 2018 and 2017.

●   for postretirement benefit measurement purposes as of december 31, 2019, the annual rates of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care were assumed to be 8.00% for pre-65 costs and 10.75% for post-65 costs. the rates are assumed to decrease each year until they reach 5% in 2028 and remain at those levels thereafter.

●   in determining our u.s. pension and u.s. postretirement health care obligation for 2019, we utilized the most recent mortality table, mp-2019 projection scale (applied to the pri-2012 mortality table).

the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions, as well as changes in assumptions, are reflected in the unrecognized actuarial loss and amortized over future periods and, therefore, will generally affect our recognized expense in future periods. significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect future pension and other postretirement obligations. the unrecognized net actuarial loss on our u.s. qualified and non-qualified pension plans increased to $632 million as of december 31, 2019 from $539 million as of december 31, 2018 (both before tax), primarily due to current year net actuarial losses.
28
the effect of a decrease in the discount rate or decrease in the expected return on assets assumption as of december 31, 2019, on the december 31, 2019 defined benefit obligation and 2020 expense is shown below, assuming no changes in benefit levels and no amortization of gains or losses for our significant u.s. plans. expense amounts reflect the accounting for actuarial gains as a component of other comprehensive income and recognition of the impacts into income over the remaining service period:

effect on u.s. pension plans increase in               higher assumption         recorded                  2020
(millions)                      change             obligation                expense discount rate                   -0.25 pts                $74.1                     $5.3
expected return on assets       -0.25 pts                n/a                       5.3

effect on u.s. postretirement health care benefits plans increase in              higher assumption         recorded                 2020
(millions)                      change             obligation               expense discount rate                   -0.25 pts                $4.1                     $0.2
expected return on assets       -0.25 pts                n/a                      -
our international pension obligations and underlying plan assets represent approximately one third of our global pension plans, with the majority of the amounts held in the u.k. and eurozone countries. we use assumptions similar to our u.s. plan assumptions to measure our international pension obligations, however, the assumptions used vary by country based on specific local country requirements and information.
see note 16 for further discussion concerning our accounting policies, estimates, funded status, contributions and overall financial positions of our pension and postretirement plan obligations.
self-insurance globally we have insurance policies with varying deductible levels for property and casualty losses. we are insured for losses in excess of these deductibles, subject to policy terms and conditions and have recorded both a liability and an offsetting receivable for amounts in excess of these deductibles. we are self-insured for health care claims for eligible participating employees, subject to certain deductibles and limitations. we determine our liabilities for claims on an actuarial basis.
restructuring our restructuring activities are associated with plans to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness and sharpen the competitiveness of our businesses. these restructuring plans include net costs associated with significant actions involving employee-related severance charges, contract termination costs and asset write-downs and disposals. employee termination costs are largely based on policies and severance plans, and include personnel reductions and related costs for severance, benefits and outplacement services. these charges are reflected in the quarter in which the actions are probable and the amounts are estimable, which typically is when management approves the associated actions. contract termination costs include charges to terminate leases prior to the end of their respective terms and other contract termination costs. asset write-downs and disposals include leasehold improvement write-downs, other asset write-downs associated with combining operations and disposal of assets.
restructuring charges have been included as a component of cost of sales and special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income. amounts included as a component of cost of sales include supply chain related severance and other asset write-downs associated with combining operations. restructuring liabilities have been classified as a component of both other current and other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. our restructuring liability balance was $112 million and $79 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. for additional information on our restructuring activities, see note 3.
29
income taxes judgment is required to determine the annual effective income tax rate, deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances recorded against net deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") was enacted, which reduces the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, required companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and created new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. the tax act added many new provisions including changes to bonus depreciation, the deduction for executive compensation and interest expense, a tax on global intangible low taxed income (gilti), the base erosion anti abuse tax (beat) and a deduction for foreign derived intangible income (fdii).
we recorded an estimate of the one-time transition tax in the fourth quarter of 2017 of $160 million and in 2018 and 2019 we recorded additional discrete expense of $66 million and benefit of $3.1 million, respectively, primarily due to the issuance of technical guidance in both years, the finalization of certain estimates as a result of filing the 2017 and 2018 u.s. federal tax return and the finalization of the balance sheet positions used in the calculation of the transition tax. we have completed our accounting for the effects of the tax act as they relate to the repricing of deferred tax balances and the one-time transition tax.
additionally, proposed regulations were released during 2019. certain of the proposed regulations may be subject to challenge; therefore, we recorded tax expense based on our interpretation of the changes in law affected by the tax act and not the proposed regulations. if the proposed regulations become final, we will record the impact at that time.
effective income tax rate our effective income tax rate is based on annual income, statutory tax rates and tax planning available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. our annual effective income tax rate includes the impact of reserve provisions. we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances. this expected annual rate is then applied to our year-to-date operating results. in the event there is a significant discrete item recognized in our interim operating results, the tax attributable to that item would be separately calculated and recorded in the same period.
tax regulations require items to be included in our tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in our financial statements. as a result, the effective income tax rate reflected in our financial statements differs from that reported in our tax returns. some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible on our tax return, and some are temporary differences, such as depreciation expense.
deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in our tax return in future years for which we have already recorded the tax benefit in our income statement. we establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets when the amount of expected future taxable income is not likely to support the utilization of the entire deduction or credit. relevant factors in determining the realizability of deferred tax assets include historical results, future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversal of temporary differences, tax planning strategies and the expiration dates of the various tax attributes. deferred tax liabilities generally represent items for which we have already taken a deduction in our tax return but have not yet recognized that tax benefit in our financial statements.
during 2019, due to the adoption of the new lease standard and the recording of operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, we recorded related deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, respectively.
uncertain tax positions a number of years may elapse before a particular tax matter, for which we have established a reserve, is audited and finally resolved. the number of tax years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. the internal revenue service ("irs") has completed its examinations of our u.s. federal income tax returns through 2016 and the years 2017 and 2018 are currently under audit. in addition to the u.s. federal examinations, we have ongoing audit activity in several u.s. state and foreign jurisdictions.
the tax positions we take are based on our interpretations of tax laws and regulations in the applicable federal, state and international jurisdictions. we believe our tax returns properly reflect the tax consequences of our operations, and our reserves for tax contingencies are appropriate and sufficient for the positions taken. because of the uncertainty of the final outcome of these examinations, we have reserved for potential reductions of tax benefits (including related interest and penalties) for amounts that do not meet the more-likely-than-not thresholds for recognition and measurement as required by authoritative guidance. the tax reserves are reviewed throughout the year, taking into account new legislation, regulations, case law and audit results. settlement of any particular issue could result in offsets to other balance sheet accounts, cash payments or receipts and/or adjustments to tax expense. tax reserves are presented in the consolidated balance sheet within other non-current liabilities. our gross liability for uncertain tax positions was $28 million and $50 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. for additional information on income taxes see note 12.
30
long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill long-lived and amortizable intangible assets we review our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets, the net value of which was $7.0 billion and $7.1 billion as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, for impairment and when significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. such circumstances may include a significant decrease in the market price of an asset, a significant adverse change in the manner in which the asset is being used or in its physical condition or history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset. impairment losses could occur when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the anticipated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. the amount of the impairment loss to be recorded, if any, is calculated as the excess of the asset's carrying value over its estimated fair value.
we use the straight-line method to recognize amortization expense related to our amortizable intangible assets, including our customer relationships. we consider various factors when determining the appropriate method of amortization for our customer relationships, including projected sales data, customer attrition rates and length of key customer relationships.
globally, we have a broad customer base. our retention rate of significant customers has aligned with our acquisition assumptions, including the customer bases acquired from our nalco and champion transactions, which make up the majority of our unamortized customer relationships. our historical retention rate, coupled with our consistent track record of keeping long-term relationships with our customers, supports our expectation of consistent sales generation for the foreseeable future from the acquired customer base. if our customer retention rate or other post-acquisition operational activities changed materially, we would evaluate the financial impact and any corresponding triggers which could result in an acceleration of amortization or impairment of our customer relationship intangible assets.
in addition, we periodically reassess the estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets. changes to estimated useful lives would impact the amount of depreciation and amortization expense recorded in earnings. we have experienced no significant changes in the carrying value or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets.
goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets we had total goodwill of $7.3 billion and $7.1 billion as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. we test our goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis during the second quarter. our reporting units are aligned with our eleven operating segments.
for our 2019 impairment assessment, we completed our assessment for goodwill impairment across our reporting units using a two-step quantitative analysis, utilizing a discounted cash flow approach. the first step of the analysis involved determining the estimated fair value of each reporting unit and comparing them to the respective carrying values, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not to be impaired, and the second step of the impairment test is unnecessary. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test would be performed to measure the amount of impairment loss to be recorded, if any. our goodwill impairment assessment for 2019 indicated the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded the unit's carrying amount by a significant margin. we assess the need to test our reporting units for impairment during interim periods between our scheduled annual assessments when significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the reporting unit may not be recoverable. there has been no impairment of goodwill in any of the years presented.
as part of the nalco merger, we added the "nalco" trade name as an indefinite life intangible asset, the total value of which was $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2019 and 2018. the carrying value of the indefinite life trade name was subject to annual impairment testing, using a relief from royalty assessment method, during the second quarter of 2019. our nalco trade name assessment for 2019 indicated the estimated fair value of the asset exceeded its carrying amount by a significant margin. we assess the need to test the nalco trade name for impairment during interim periods between our scheduled annual assessments when significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. there has been no impairment of the nalco trade name in any of the years presented.
31
results of operations net sales

percent change
(millions)                                           2019                     2018                    2017                    2019           2018
product and equipment sales                               $12,238.9               $12,128.6               $11,431.8
service and lease sales                                     2,667.4                 2,539.6                 2,404.1
reported gaap net sales                                   $14,906.3               $14,668.2               $13,835.9           2    %         6    %
effect of foreign currency translation               140.6                          (137.5)                  (37.8)
non-gaap fixed currency sales                             $15,046.9               $14,530.7               $13,798.1           4    %         5    %
the percentage components of the year-over-year sales change are shown below:

(percent)                                              2019       2018
volume                                                   0%         4%
price changes                                             2          2
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change          3          6
acquisitions &amp; divestitures                           1          0
fixed currency sales change                               4          6
foreign currency translation                            (2)          0
reported gaap net sales change                           2%         6%
amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
cost of sales ("cos") and gross profit margin ("gross margin")

2019                                    2018                                    2017
gross                                   gross                                    gross
(millions/percent)                                cos           margin                    cos           margin                     cos           margin product and equipment cost of sales          $7,106.4                                $7,078.5                                 $6,576.9
service and lease cost of sales               1,617.0                                 1,547.4                                  1,487.3
reported gaap cos and gross margin           $8,723.4           41.5   %             $8,625.9           41.2   %              $8,064.2           41.7   %
special (gains) and charges                      38.5           0.2                       9.3           0.1              44.0                0.3
non-gaap adjusted cos and gross margin       $8,684.9           41.7   %             $8,616.6           41.3   %              $8,020.2           42.0   %
our cos values and corresponding gross margin are shown in the previous table. our gross margin is defined as sales less cost of sales divided by sales.
our reported gross margin was 41.5%, 41.2%, and 41.7% for 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. our 2019, 2018 and 2017 reported gross margins were negatively impacted by special (gains) and charges of $38.5 million, $9.3 million, and $44.0 million, respectively. special (gains) and charges items impacting cos are shown within the "special (gains) and charges" table on page 33.
excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges, our 2019 adjusted gross margin was 41.7% compared against a 2018 adjusted gross margin of 41.3%. the increase was driven primarily by pricing, which more than offset unfavorable sales mix.
excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges, our adjusted gross margin was 41.3% and 42.0% for 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decrease was driven primarily by higher delivered product costs more than offsetting the impact from increased pricing and cost savings.
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a")

(percent)               2019            2018            2017
sg&amp;a ratio      26.5   %       27.1   %        27.6   %
the decreased sg&a ratio (sg&a expenses as a percentage of reported net sales) comparing 2019 against 2018 and comparing 2018 against 2017 were driven primarily by sales leverage, restructuring efforts and cost savings, which more than offset investments in the business.
32
special (gains) and charges special (gains) and charges reported on the consolidated statement of income included the following items:

(millions)                                       2019                  2018                  2017
cost of sales restructuring activities                               $20.4                $12.1                   $4.6
acquisition and integration activities                   7.6                (0.6)                   13.2
other                                                   10.5                (2.2)                   26.2
cost of sales subtotal                           38.5                  9.3                   44.0
special (gains) and charges restructuring activities                         116.8                 89.4                  39.9
championx separation                                    77.3                -                          -
acquisition and integration activities                   5.6                8.8                     15.4
gain on sale of business                                   -                -                     (46.1)
venezuela related gain                                     -                -                     (11.5)
other                                            11.9                  28.5                        (1.4)
special (gains) and charges subtotal             211.6                 126.7                       (3.7)
operating income subtotal                              250.1                136.0                   40.3
interest expense, net                                    0.2                0.3                     21.9
other (income) expense                                   9.5                -                          -
total special (gains) and charges                     $259.8                $136.3                 $62.2
for segment reporting purposes, special (gains) and charges are not allocated to reportable segments, which is consistent with our internal management reporting.
restructuring activities restructuring activities are primarily related to accelerate 2020 (described below). these activities have been included as a component of cost of sales, special (gains) and charges, and other (income) expense on the consolidated statement of income. restructuring liabilities have been classified as a component of other current and other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.
further details related to our restructuring charges are included in note 3.
accelerate 2020
during the third quarter of 2018, we formally commenced a restructuring plan accelerate 2020 ("the plan"), to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes. in 2019, we raised our goals for the plan to further simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidated facilitates and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. we expect that the restructuring activities will be completed by the end of 2020, with total anticipated costs of $260 million ($200 million after tax), or an estimated $0.68 per diluted share, over this period of time. costs are expected to be primarily cash expenditures for severance costs and some facility closure costs relating to team reorganizations. actual costs may vary from these estimates depending on actions taken.
we recorded restructuring charges of $136.6 million ($104.4 million after tax) or $0.36 per diluted share in 2019. of these expenses, $2.0 million ($1.5 million after tax) or less than $0.01 per diluted share is recorded in other (income) expense. the liability related to the plan was $104.0 million as of the end of the year. we have recorded $241.2 million ($184.0 million after tax), or $0.63 per diluted share, of cumulative restructuring charges under the plan. the majority of the pretax charges represent net cash expenditures which are expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters which continue to be funded from operating activities.
the plan has delivered $125 million of cumulative cost savings with estimated annual cost savings of $325 million by 2021.
33
other restructuring activities during 2019, we incurred restructuring charges of $4.1 million ($3.3 million after tax), or $0.01 per diluted share, related to an immaterial restructuring plan. the charges are comprised of severance, facility closure costs, including asset disposals, and consulting fees.
prior to 2018, we engaged in a number of restructuring plans. during 2017, we commenced restructuring and other cost-saving actions in order to streamline operations. these actions include a reduction of our global workforce, as well as asset disposals and lease terminations. actions were substantially completed in 2017. we also have restructuring plans that commenced prior to 2016. during 2019, net restructuring gains related to prior year plans were $1.5 million ($1.1 million after tax) or less than $0.01 per diluted share. during 2018, net restructuring gains related to prior year plans were $3.1 million ($2.4 million after tax) or $0.01 per diluted share. the gains recorded were due to finalizing estimates upon completion of projects. during 2017, we recorded restructuring charges of $44.5 million ($32.3 million after tax) or $0.11 per diluted share.
the restructuring liability balance for all plans excluding accelerate 2020 was $7.7 million and $14.9 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the reduction in liability was driven primarily by severance payments. the remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities. cash payments during 2019 related to these plans were $8.3 million.
championx separation on december 18, 2019, we entered into definitive agreements with championx and apergy pursuant to which we will separate the upstream energy business of our global energy segment and combine it with apergy in a tax-efficient reverse morris trust transaction. during 2019, the charges associated with the separation reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income include $77.3 million ($65.8 million after tax) or $0.22 per diluted share. the charges are primarily related to professional fees to support the separation. championx separation costs reported in other (income) expense on the consolidated statement of income in 2019 include $7.5 million ($5.7 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share related to pension curtailments and settlements due to the separation.
acquisition and integration related costs acquisition and integration costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income in 2019 include $5.6 million ($4.1 million after tax) or $0.01 per diluted share. charges are primarily related to bioquell plc ("bioquell") and laboratoires anios ("anios") acquisitions and consist of integration costs, advisory and legal fees. acquisition and integration costs reported in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statement of income in 2019 include $7.6 million ($5.6 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share and are related to recognition of fair value step-up in the bioquell inventory and facility closure costs. in conjunction with our acquisitions, we incurred $0.2 million ($0.1 million after tax), or less than $0.01 per diluted share, of interest expense in 2019.
during 2018, acquisition and integration costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income included $8.8 million ($6.1 million after tax), or $0.02 per diluted share, of charges primarily related to anios integration costs, advisory and legal fees. the acquisition and integration gains reported in cost of sales on the consolidated statement of income in 2018 related to changes in estimates related to an early lease exist. in conjunction with our acquisitions, we incurred $0.3 million ($0.2 million after tax), or less than $0.01 per diluted share, of interest expense in 2018.
during 2017, acquisition and integration costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income included $15.4 million ($9.9 million after tax), or $0.03 per diluted share, of acquisition costs, advisory and legal fees, and integration charges for the anios and swisher acquisitions. acquisition and integration costs reported in cost of sales on the consolidated statement of income in 2017 included $13.2 million ($8.6 million after tax), or $0.03 per diluted share, which related primarily to disposal of excess inventory upon the closure of swisher plants, accelerated rent expense, and amounts related to recognition of fair value step-up in the anios inventory. further information related to our acquisitions is included in note 4.
gain on sale of business during 2017, we disposed of the equipment care business and recorded a gain of $46.1 million ($12.4 million after tax primarily due to non-deductible goodwill), or $0.04 per diluted share, net of working capital adjustments, costs to sell and other transaction expenses. the gain was included as a component of special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income.
venezuela related activities effective as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2015, we deconsolidated our venezuelan subsidiaries. we recorded gains due to u.s. dollar cash recoveries of intercompany receivables written off at the time of deconsolidation of $11.5 million ($7.2 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share in 2017. no such gains occurred in 2018 and 2019.
34
other during 2019, we recorded other special charges of $11.9 million ($7.5 million after tax), or $0.03 per diluted share, which primarily related to legal charges partially offset by a litigation settlement. other special charges reported in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statement of income in 2019 of $10.5 million ($7.1 million after tax), or $0.02 per diluted share, relate to a healthcare product recall in europe.
during 2018, we recorded other special charges of $28.5 million ($21.5 million after tax), or $0.07 per diluted share, which primarily consisted of a $25.0 million ($18.9 million after tax), or $0.06 per diluted share, commitment to the ecolab foundation. other charges, primarily litigation related charges, were minimal and have been included as a component of special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income. other special gains reported in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statement of income in 2018 of $2.2 million ($1.7 million after tax), or $0.01 per diluted share, relate to changes in estimates for an inventory lifo reserve.
during 2017, we recorded other charges of $24.8 million ($19.0 million after tax), or $0.06 per diluted share, primarily related to fixed asset impairments, a global energy vendor contract termination and litigation related charges. these charges have been included as a component of both cost of sales and special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income.
other (income) expense during 2019, the company recorded other expense of $9.5 million ($7.2 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share related to pension curtailments and settlements for championx separation and accelerate 2020, respectively, as discussed further above. these charges have been included as a component of other (income) expense on the consolidated statement of income.
interest expense, net during 2019 and 2018, an immaterial amount of interest expense was recorded due to acquisition and integration costs.
during 2017, in anticipation of u.s. tax reform and a potential limit on interest deductibility in future years, we entered into transactions to exchange or retire certain long-term debt, and incurred debt exchange and extinguishment charges of $21.9 million ($13.6 million after tax) or $0.05 per diluted share. this charge has been included as a component of interest expense, net on the consolidated statement of income.
operating income and operating income margin

percent change
(millions)                                          2019                   2018                   2017                               2019                2018
reported gaap operating income                              $2,013.8               $1,947.0               $1,950.1                        3    %              (0)   %
special (gains) and charges                                    250.1                  136.0                   40.3
non-gaap adjusted operating income                           2,263.9                2,083.0                1,990.4                   9                   5
effect of foreign currency translation                          20.4                 (20.4)                 (12.1)
non-gaap adjusted fixed currency operating income           $2,284.3               $2,062.6               $1,978.3                        11   %              4     %
(percent)                                           2019                       2018                   2017
reported gaap operating income margin                           13.5   %               13.3   %               14.1   %
non-gaap adjusted operating income margin                       15.2   %               14.2   %               14.4   %
non-gaap adjusted fixed currency operating income margin                                         15.2   %               14.2   %               14.3   %
our operating income and corresponding operating income margin are shown in the previous tables. operating income margin is defined as operating income divided by sales.
our reported operating income increased 3% when comparing 2019 to 2018 and was flat when comparing 2018 to 2017. our reported operating income for 2019, 2018 and 2017 was impacted by special (gains) and charges. excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges from all three years, 2019 adjusted operating income increased 9% when compared to 2018 adjusted operating income and 2018 adjusted operating income increased 5% when compared to 2017 adjusted operating income.
as shown in the previous table, foreign currency translation had a minimal impact on adjusted operating income growth for 2019 and 2018.
35
other (income) expense

(millions)                                 2019                  2018                  2017
reported gaap other (income) expense               $(76.3)               $(79.9)               $(67.3)
special (gains) and charges                        9.5                   -                     -
non-gaap adjusted other (income) expense           $(85.8)               $(79.9)               $(67.3)
our reported other income was $76.3 million, $79.9 million and $67.3 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. excluding the impact of pension curtailments and settlements in 2019, our adjusted other income was $85.8 million reflecting the return on pension assets and non-service costs of our pension obligations.
interest expense, net

(millions)                                2019                 2018                 2017
reported gaap interest expense, net               $191.2               $222.3                $255.0
special (gains) and charges                          0.2           0.3                  21.9
non-gaap adjusted interest expense, net           $191.0               $222.0                $233.1
our reported net interest expense totaled $191.2 million, $222.3 million and $255.0 million during 2019, 2018 and 2017 respectively.
we incurred $0.2 million ($0.1 million after tax), or less than $0.01 per diluted share and $0.3 million ($0.2 million after tax), or less than $0.01 per diluted share, of interest expense in conjunction with our acquisitions during 2019 and 2018, respectively.
during 2017, in anticipation of u.s. tax reform and a potential limit on interest deductibility in future years, we entered into transactions to exchange or retire certain long-term debt, and incurred debt exchange and extinguishment charges of $21.9 million ($13.6 million after tax) or $0.05 per diluted share.
the decrease in our 2019 adjusted net interest expense compared to 2018 was driven primarily by lower outstanding debt and higher interest income. the decrease in our 2018 adjusted net interest expense compared to 2017 was driven primarily by lower interest rates on debt.
provision for income taxes the following table provides a summary of our tax rate:

(percent)                     2019                      2018   2017
reported gaap tax rate             17.0   %        20.2   %          13.8   %
tax rate impact of:
the tax act                         0.1           (3.4)               8.7
special (gains) and charges   0.6                   0.3             (0.1)
discrete tax items            2.6                   3.2        1.4
non-gaap adjusted tax rate    20.3        %        20.3   %    23.8         %
our reported tax rate was 17.0%, 20.2%, and 13.8% for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the change in our tax rate includes the tax impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items, which have impacted the comparability of our historical reported tax rates, as amounts included in our special (gains) and charges are derived from tax jurisdictions with rates that vary from our tax rate, and discrete tax items are not necessarily consistent across periods. the tax impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items will likely continue to impact comparability of our reported tax rate in the future. the enactment of the tax act also significantly impacted the comparability of our reported tax rate.
we recognized total net benefit related to discrete tax items of $58.4 million during 2019. share-based compensation excess tax benefit contributed $43.1 million in 2019. the extent of excess tax benefits is subject to variation in stock price and stock option exercises. we recognized $15.6 million tax benefit related to changes in local tax law, which primarily includes $30.4 million benefit due to the passage of the swiss tax reform and ahv financing act, a swiss federal tax law, offset by a tax expense of $10.2 million due to the release of the final treasury regulation governing taxation of foreign dividends. we recorded changes in reserves in non-u.s. and u.s. jurisdictions due to audit settlements and statutes of limitations which resulted in a $16.8 million tax benefit. we finalized the 2015 and 2016 irs audit, which also resulted in discrete tax expense of $11.0 million. the remaining discrete tax expense was primarily related to changes in estimates in non-u.s. jurisdictions.
we recognized total net expense related to discrete tax items of $4.7 million during 2018. in the third quarter of 2018, we filed u.s. federal tax returns which resulted in favorable adjustments of $39.9 million related to changes in estimates and an irs approved method change. u.s. tax reform (as described further below) resulted in $66.0 million expense for 2018. share-based compensation excess tax benefit contributed $28.1 million in 2018. the extent of excess tax benefits is subject to variation in stock price and stock option exercises. included within the 2018 provision for income taxes in $44.2 million of discrete charges recorded in the fourth quarter to correct immaterial errors in prior years. the remaining discrete tax expense was primarily related to changes in reserves in non-u.s. jurisdictions, audit settlements and both international and u.s. changes in estimates.
36
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") was enacted, which reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, required companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and created new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. the tax act added many new provisions including changes to bonus depreciation, the deduction for executive compensation and interest expense, a tax on global intangible low taxed income (gilti), the base erosion anti abuse tax (beat) and a deduction for foreign derived intangible income (fdii). in january 2018, accounting guidance was issued requiring a company to make an accounting policy election to either treat taxes due on future u.s. inclusions in taxable income related to gilti as a current-period expense when incurred (the "period cost method") or factor such amounts into a company's measurement of our deferred taxes (the "deferred method"). we have elected the period cost method and included the gilti impact in our tax expense.
we initially recorded an estimate of the one-time transition tax in the fourth quarter of 2017 of $160.1 million and in 2018 we recorded additional discrete expense of $66.0 million associated with finalizing our accounting for the tax act, primarily due to the issuance of technical guidance during the year and finalization of estimates related to asset balances and calculation of foreign earnings and profits. our 2017 reported rate also includes a $319.0 million tax benefit for recording deferred tax assets and liabilities at the u.s. enacted tax rate of 21%. our 2017 reported tax rate also includes the tax impact of special (gains) and charges, as well as additional tax benefits utilized in anticipation of u.s. tax reform of $7.8 million. during 2017, we also recorded a discrete tax benefit of $39.7 million related to excess tax benefits. in addition, we recorded net discrete expenses of $14.4 million related to recognizing adjustments from filing our 2016 u.s. federal income tax return and international adjustments due to changes in estimates, partially offset by the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of statute of limitations in state tax matters.
the adjusted rate was 20.3% for both 2019 and 2018. the change in our adjusted tax rate from 2018 to 2017 was primarily driven by enactment of the tax act, global tax planning projects and geographic income mix. future comparability of our adjusted tax rate may be impacted by various factors, including but not limited to, the tax act, other changes in global tax rules, further tax planning projects and geographic income mix.
net income attributable to ecolab

percent change
(millions)                                            2019                    2018                2017                2019                  2018
reported gaap net income attributable to ecolab                $1,558.9                $1,429.1            $1,504.6       9     %           (5)   %
adjustments:
special (gains) and charges, after tax                    202.6                   102.8               56.0
discrete tax net expense (benefit)                             (58.4)             4.7                      (184.2)
non-gaap adjusted net income attributable to ecolab            $1,703.1                $1,536.6            $1,376.4       11    %           12    %
diluted eps

percent change
(dollars)                            2019                  2018              2017              2019                  2018
reported gaap diluted eps                     $ 5.33                $ 4.88            $ 5.12       9     %           (5)   %
adjustments:
special (gains) and charges              0.69                  0.35              0.19
discrete tax net expense (benefit)            (0.20)           0.02                   (0.63)
non-gaap adjusted diluted eps                 $ 5.82                $ 5.25            $ 4.68       11    %           12    %
per share amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
currency translation had an unfavorable $0.13 impact on reported and adjusted diluted eps when comparing 2019 to 2018 and minimal impact when comparing 2018 to 2017.
37
segment performance the non-u.s. dollar functional currency international amounts included within our reportable segments are based on translation into u.s. dollars at the fixed currency exchange rates established by management for 2019. the difference between the fixed currency exchange rates and the actual currency exchange rates is reported as "effect of foreign currency translation" in the following tables. all other accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent with u.s. gaap and the accounting policies described in note 2. additional information about our reportable segments is included in note 18.
fixed currency net sales and operating income for 2019, 2018 and 2017 for our reportable segments are shown in the following tables.

net sales                                                                                                             percent change
(millions)                               2019                    2018                 2017                          2019             2018
global industrial                                 $5,569.9                 $5,220.2             $4,895.8         7     %           7   %
global institutional                               5,235.5                  5,066.0              4,785.8         3                 6
global energy                                      3,334.0                  3,388.8              3,205.8       (2)                 6
other                                                907.5           855.7                910.7                  6               (6)
subtotal at fixed currency                        15,046.9                 14,530.7             13,798.1         4                 5
effect of foreign currency translation             (140.6)           137.5                37.8
total reported net sales                         $14,906.3                $14,668.2            $13,835.9         2     %           6   %
operating income                                                                                                      percent change
(millions)                               2019                    2018                 2017                          2019             2018
global industrial                                   $854.7                   $724.4               $722.0        18     %           0   %
global institutional                               1,042.2                  1,007.3       962.7                  3                 5
global energy                                        379.1           338.5                322.9                 12                 5
other                                                167.3           160.0                140.7                  5                14
corporate                                          (409.1)                  (303.6)              (210.3)
subtotal at fixed currency                         2,034.2                  1,926.6              1,938.0         6               (1)
effect of foreign currency translation              (20.4)           20.4                 12.1
total reported operating income                   $2,013.8                 $1,947.0             $1,950.1         3     %           0   %
the following tables reconcile the impact of acquisitions and divestitures within our reportable segments.

year ended december 31
net sales                                                                                                                              2019                                                                                     2018
(millions)                                                   fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       acquisition adjusted           fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       acquisition adjusted currency                                                                                 currency global industrial                                         $5,569.9       $(103.3)                                                  $5,466.6        $5,220.2       $(11.9)                                                   $5,208.3
global institutional                                       5,235.5       (35.4)                                                     5,200.1         5,066.0       -                                                          5,066.0
global energy                                              3,334.0       (0.1)                                                      3,333.9         3,388.8       (2.5)                                                      3,386.3
other                                               907.5                (1.6)                                                        905.9           855.7       (0.3)                                                        855.4
subtotal at fixed currency                                15,046.9       (140.4)                                                   14,906.5        14,530.7       (14.7)                                                    14,516.0
effect of foreign currency translation                     (140.6)                                                                                    137.5
total reported net sales                                 $14,906.3                                                                                $14,668.2
operating income                                                                                                                       2019                                                                                     2018
(millions)                                                   fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       acquisition adjusted           fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       acquisition adjusted currency                                                                                 currency global industrial                                           $854.7       $1.3                                                        $856.0          $724.4       $(3.0)                                                      $721.4
global institutional                                       1,042.2       4.3                                                        1,046.5         1,007.3       -                                                          1,007.3
global energy                                       379.1                0.3                                                          379.4           338.5       2.6                                                          341.1
other                                               167.3                (0.4)                                                        166.9           160.0       -                                                            160.0
corporate                                                  (159.0)       -                                                          (159.0)         (167.6)       -                                                          (167.6)
non-gaap adjusted fixed currency operating income          2,284.3       5.5                                                        2,289.8         2,062.6       (0.4)                                                      2,062.2
special (gains) and charges                         250.1                                                                                             136.0
subtotal at fixed currency                                 2,034.2                                                                                  1,926.6
effect of foreign currency translation                      (20.4)                                                                                     20.4
total reported operating income                           $2,013.8                                                                                 $1,947.0
38
global industrial

2019                        2018                    2017
sales at fixed currency (millions)                                         $5,569.9                $5,220.2                $4,895.8
sales at public currency (millions)                                         5,500.7                 5,286.5                4,918.0
volume                                                                2               %                   4   %
price changes                                                         3               %                   2   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                                  5   %                   6   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                         2               %                   1   %
fixed currency sales change                                           7               %                   7   %
foreign currency translation                                                    (3)   %                   1   %
public currency sales change                                          4               %                   7   %
operating income at fixed currency (millions)                                $854.7                  $724.4                $722.0
operating income at public currency (millions)                                844.5                   735.6                727.1
fixed currency operating income change                                           18   %                   0   %
fixed currency operating income margin                                15.3            %       13.9            %       14.7            %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income change           19              %       1               %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin           15.7            %       13.9            %            *
public currency operating income change                                          15   %                   1   %
* not meaningful amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
net sales fixed currency sales growth for global industrial in both 2019 and 2018 was driven by pricing and volume gains. the 2019 sales increase was impacted by growth in all regions. regional results for 2018 were impacted by good growth in north america and europe.
at an operating segment level, water fixed currency sales increased 6% and 7% in 2019 and 2018, respectively. in both 2019 and 2018, light industry sales growth was led by innovative technology and service offerings. heavy industry sales benefitted from sales force investments and improved market conditions while mining sales were led by new business wins. food & beverage fixed currency sales increased 9% (6% acquisition adjusted) in 2019 as share gains and pricing more than offset generally flat industry trends. globally, we saw strong growth in our dairy, food, beverage and brewing segments, with moderate growth in the protein business. fixed currency sales growth was strong across major regions. fixed currency sales increased 6% in 2018, benefiting from corporate account wins, share gains and pricing, which more than offset generally flat industry trends. growth was led by the beverage and brewing, dairy and protein businesses. paper fixed currency sales increased 1% in 2019 despite softer containerboard market conditions which reduced volumes in major regions. fixed currency sales increased 11% (6% acquisition adjusted) in 2018 driven by business wins and pricing. textile care fixed currency sales increased 2% and 1% in 2019 and 2018, respectively. life sciences fixed currency sales increased 37% in 2019 (12% acquisition adjusted). results were led by business wins and pricing in our cleaning and disinfection programs for both the pharmaceutical and personal care markets, with strong growth in europe and moderate north america gains. fixed currency sales increased 14% in 2018 driven by good growth from business wins and pricing execution in both the pharmaceutical and personal care markets.
operating income fixed currency operating income for global industrial increased in 2019 while 2018 was flat when compared to prior periods. fixed currency operating income margins increased in 2019 and decreased in 2018.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased 1.8 percentage points in 2019. the favorable impact of pricing added approximately 2.7 percentage points during 2019. investments in the business negatively impacted margins by approximately 1.1 percentage points. acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins decreased in 2018 compared to 2017, negatively impacted by higher delivered product costs and investments in the business, partially offset by favorable impact of pricing and volume gains.
39
global institutional

2019                        2018                    2017
sales at fixed currency (millions)                                         $5,235.5                $5,066.0                $4,785.8
sales at public currency (millions)                                         5,187.0                 5,098.5                4,776.2
volume                                                                1               %                   3   %
price changes                                                         2               %                   2   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                                  3   %                   5   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                         1               %                   1   %
fixed currency sales change                                           3               %                   6   %
foreign currency translation                                                    (2)   %                   1   %
public currency sales change                                          2               %                   7   %
operating income at fixed currency (millions)                              $1,042.2                $1,007.3                $962.7
operating income at public currency (millions)                              1,035.7                 1,010.6                963.9
fixed currency operating income change                                            3   %                   5   %
fixed currency operating income margin                                19.9            %       19.9            %       20.1            %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income change           4               %       4               %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin           20.1            %       19.9            %            *
public currency operating income change                                           2   %                   5   %
* not meaningful amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
net sales fixed currency sales growth for global institutional in both 2019 and 2018 benefited from pricing, volume growth and acquisitions. at a regional level, the 2019 sales increases were led by good growth in north america.
at an operating segment level, institutional fixed currency sales increased 2% in 2019, reflecting the benefits of new products and business wins. fixed currency sales increased 5% in 2018. global lodging demand continued to show moderate growth while global full-service restaurant industry foot traffic remained soft. specialty fixed currency sales increased 9% in 2019, reflecting strong ongoing business and program wins. fixed currency sales increased 8% in 2018, led primarily from strong ongoing business and new account wins. healthcare fixed currency sales increased 1% in 2019. at a regional level, good growth in europe was offset by a product recall while north america sales were flat with good differentiated product and program growth which was partially offset by lower sales of deemphasized non-core products. fixed currency sales increased 7% (2% acquisition adjusted) in 2018, with strong sales of environmental hygiene programs partially offset by lower sales of non-core products.
operating income fixed currency operating income for our global institutional segment increased in both 2019 and 2018 when compared to prior periods. fixed currency operating income margins remained flat in 2019 and declined slightly in 2018.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased 0.2 percentage points during 2019. the favorable impact of pricing and volume added approximately 1.9 percentage points during 2019. investments in the business and selling related expenses negatively impacted margins by approximately 1.7 percentage points. acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins decreased in 2018, negatively impacted by investments in the business, including innovative digital technologies, and higher delivered product costs, partially offset by favorable impact of sales volume gains, pricing and cost savings.
40
global energy

2019                        2018                    2017
sales at fixed currency (millions)                                         $3,334.0                $3,388.8                $3,205.8
sales at public currency (millions)                                         3,317.7                 3,421.1                3,230.0
volume                                                                          (3)   %                   5   %
price changes                                                         2               %                   2   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                                (2)   %                   7   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                                   (0)   %                 (1)   %
fixed currency sales change                                                     (2)   %                   6   %
foreign currency translation                                                    (1)   %                   0   %
public currency sales change                                                    (3)   %                   6   %
operating income at fixed currency (millions)                                $379.1                  $338.5                $322.9
operating income at public currency (millions)                                375.3                   344.7                327.7
fixed currency operating income change                                           12   %                   5   %
fixed currency operating income margin                                11.4            %       10.0            %       10.1            %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income change           11              %       7               %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin           11.4            %       10.1            %            *
public currency operating income change                                           9   %                   5   %
* not meaningful amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
net sales fixed currency sales for global energy decreased 2% in 2019. upstream (being renamed championx) sales declined 3% as a significant decline in the well stimulation business (reflecting the reduced north american industry drilling and completion activity) was partially offset by good growth in production sales. downstream fixed currency sales increased 1% driven by pricing and new business wins in europe and asia pacific. fixed currency sales for global energy in 2018 had strong growth in the well stimulation business and moderate growth in the production business driven by increased north america activity. downstream fixed currency sales increased driven by pricing and new business wins in north america, asia pacific, and middle east.
operating income fixed currency operating income for global energy increased during 2019 and 2018 as compared to the prior year. fixed currency operating income margins increased in 2019 and decreased in 2018.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins improved in 2019 and were flat in 2018. pricing and cost savings favorably impacted margins by approximately 2.5 percentage points during 2019. these gains more than offset the 0.9 percentage point unfavorable impact of lower sales volume. sales volume gains and pricing favorably impacted 2018, equally offset by higher delivered product costs and investments in the business.
41
other

2019                      2018                  2017
sales at fixed currency (millions)                                         $907.5                $855.7                $910.7
sales at public currency (millions)                                         900.9                 862.1                911.7
volume                                                                4             %                 6   %
price changes                                                         2             %                 2   %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales change                                6   %                 7   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                         0             %              (13)   %
fixed currency sales change                                           6             %               (6)   %
foreign currency translation                                                  (2)   %                 1   %
public currency sales change                                          5             %               (5)   %
operating income at fixed currency (millions)                              $167.3                $160.0                $140.7
operating income at public currency (millions)                              166.2                 160.7                141.5
fixed currency operating income change                                          5   %                14   %
fixed currency operating income margin                                18.4          %       18.7          %       15.4          %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income change           4             %       17            %
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin           18.4          %       18.7          %            *
public currency operating income change                                         3   %                14   %
* not meaningful amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
net sales fixed currency sales for other increased in 2019 with growth in all regions. fixed currency sales decreased in 2018 driven by the divestiture of equipment care in the fourth quarter of 2017.
at an operating segment level, pest elimination fixed currency sales increased 6% in 2019 with good growth across all major regions and markets. fixed currency sales increased 13% (7% acquisition adjusted) in 2018 led by sales to food, beverage and hospitality markets. ctg fixed currency sales increased 5% in 2019 and 10% in 2018.
operating income fixed currency operating income in other increased during 2019 and 2018 as compared to the prior year. fixed currency operating income margins decreased in 2019 and increased in 2018.
acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins in other decreased 0.3 percentage points in 2019. field investments negatively impacted margins by approximately 2.2 percentage points, which more than offset the 1.7 percentage points of favorable pricing increases. acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased in 2018, positively impacted by sales volume and pricing increases, partially offset by field investments.
corporate consistent with our internal management reporting, corporate expense amounts in the table on page 38 include intangible asset amortization specifically from the nalco merger and special (gains) and charges that are not allocated to our reportable segments. items included within special (gains) and charges are shown in the table on page 33.
42
financial position, cash flow and liquidity financial position total assets were $20.9 billion as of december 31, 2019, compared to total assets of $20.1 billion as of december 31, 2018.
total liabilities were $12.1 billion as of december 31, 2019, compared to total liabilities of $12.0 billion as of december 31, 2018. total debt was $6.4 billion as of december 31, 2019 and $7.0 billion as of december 31, 2018. see further discussion of our debt activity within the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a.
our net debt to ebitda is shown in the following table. ebitda is a non-gaap measure discussed further in the "non-gaap financial measures" section of this md&a.

2019                    2018                   2017
(ratio)
net debt to ebitda                                               2.0                    2.3                    2.4
(millions)
total debt                                                  $6,354.1               $7,045.2               $7,322.7
cash                                                   186.4                          114.7                  211.4
net debt                                                    $6,167.7               $6,930.5               $7,111.3
net income including noncontrolling interest                $1,576.2               $1,440.3               $1,518.6
provision for income taxes                             322.7                          364.3                  243.8
interest expense, net                                  191.2                          222.3                  255.0
depreciation                                           654.1                          621.3                  585.7
amortization                                           319.2                          317.0                  307.6
ebitda                                                      $3,063.4               $2,965.2               $2,910.7
cash flows operating activities

dollar change
(millions)                                      2019                       2018               2017                   2019                   2018
cash provided by operating activities                   $2,420.7               $2,277.7               $2,091.3                $143.0                  $186.4
we continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in the business and pension obligations along with returning cash to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases.
comparability of cash generated from operating activities across 2019 to 2017 was impacted by fluctuations in accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable ("working capital"), the combination of which increased $74 million, $192 million and $56 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017 respectively. the cash flow impact across the three years from working capital accounts was driven by changes in sales volumes and timing of collections; timing of purchases and production and usage levels; and volume of purchases and timing of payments.
the impact on operating cash flows of pension and postretirement plan contributions, cash activity related to restructuring, cash paid for income taxes and cash paid for interest, are shown in the following table:

dollar change
(millions)                                                              2019       2018             2017                  2019                   2018
pensions and postretirement plan contributions                    $186.0                $60.0                $144.1                $126.0                  $(84.1)
restructuring payments                                             100.9           57.9                 39.2                  43.0                    18.7
income tax payments                                                356.3           395.2                402.8                      (38.9)                  (7.6)
interest payments                                                  189.4           206.4                239.3                      (17.0)                  (32.9)
43
investing activities

dollar change
(millions)                                   2019                         2018                 2017                     2019                     2018
cash used for investing activities                   $(1,199.1)               $(1,030.0)               $(1,727.0)                $(169.1)                  $697.0
cash used for investing activities is primarily impacted by the timing of business acquisitions and dispositions as well as from capital investments in the business.
total cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired and net of cash received from dispositions, in 2019, 2018 and 2017 was $385 million, $221 million and $870 million, respectively. our acquisitions and divestitures are discussed further in note 4. we continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth.
we continue to make capital investments in the business, including merchandising and customer equipment and manufacturing facilities. total capital expenditures were $801 million, $847 million and $869 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
financing activities

dollar change
(millions)                                   2019                         2018                 2017                   2019                     2018
cash used for financing activities                   $(1,349.6)               $(1,172.7)               $(522.7)                $(176.9)                  $(650.0)
our cash flows from financing activities primarily reflect the issuances and repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, proceeds from common stock issuances related to our equity incentive programs, dividend payments and acquisition-related contingent considerations.
shares are repurchased for the purpose of partially offsetting the dilutive effect of our equity compensation plans and stock issued in acquisitions, to manage our capital structure and to efficiently return capital to shareholders. we repurchased a total of $354 million, $562 million, and $600 million of shares in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 2017 amount includes $300 million of shares repurchased through an accelerated stock repurchase ("asr") agreement. see note 10 for further information regarding the asr agreement.
the impact on financing cash flows of commercial paper and notes payable repayments, long-term debt borrowings and long-term debt repayments, are shown in the following table:

dollar change
(millions)                                                                     2019                   2018              2017                  2019                     2018
net issuances (repayments) of commercial paper and notes payable                   $(252.0)               $341.8                $(43.7)                $(593.8)                     $385.5
long-term debt borrowings                                                          -                      -                     1,309.4                -                         (1,309.4)
long-term debt repayments                                                          (400.6)                (551.6)               (799.0)           151.0                     247.4
in december 2019, we increased our indicated annual dividend rate by 2%. this represents the 28th consecutive year we have increased our dividend. we have paid dividends on our common stock for 83 consecutive years. cash dividends declared per share of common stock, by quarter, for each of the last three years were as follows:

first                 second                third                 fourth quarter               quarter               quarter               quarter               year
2019                    $0.46                 $0.46                 $0.46                 $0.47                $1.85
2018                    $0.41                 $0.41                 $0.41                 $0.46                $1.69
2017                    $0.37                 $0.37                 $0.37                 $0.41                $1.52
44
liquidity and capital resources we currently expect to fund all of our cash requirements which are reasonably foreseeable for the next twelve months, including scheduled debt repayments, new investments in the business, share repurchases, dividend payments, possible business acquisitions and pension and postretirement contributions with cash from operating activities, and as needed, additional short-term and/or long-term borrowings. we continue to expect our operating cash flow to remain strong.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $186 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, of which $159 million was held outside of the u.s. as of december 31, 2018, we had $115 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, substantially all of which was held outside of the u.s.
as of december 31, 2019, we had a $2.0 billion multi-year credit facility, which expires in november 2022. the credit facility has been established with a diverse syndicate of banks and supports our u.s. and euro commercial paper programs. the maximum aggregate amount of commercial paper that may be issued under our u.s. commercial paper program and our euro commercial paper program may not exceed $2.0 billion. at year-end, we had $55.1 million (€50.0 million) of commercial paper outstanding under the euro commercial paper program and no borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program. there were no borrowings under our credit facility as of december 31, 2019 or 2018. as of december 31, 2019, both programs were rated a-2 by standard & poor's, p-2 by moody's and f-1 by fitch.
additionally, we have uncommitted credit lines with major international banks and financial institutions. these credit lines support our daily global funding needs, primarily our global cash pooling structures. we have $165 million of bank supported letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees outstanding in support of our commercial business transactions. we do not have any other significant unconditional purchase obligations or commercial commitments.
as of december 31, 2019, standard & poor's and fitch both rated our long-term credit at a- (stable outlook) and moody's rated our long-term credit at baa1 (positive outlook). a reduction in our credit ratings could limit or preclude our ability to issue commercial paper under our current programs or could also adversely affect our ability to renew existing, or negotiate new, credit facilities in the future and could increase the cost of these facilities.
we are in compliance with our debt covenants and other requirements of our credit agreements and indentures.
a schedule of our various obligations as of december 31, 2019 are summarized in the following table:

payments due by period less                                                       more than               2-3                 4-5                 than
(millions)                    total              1 year             years               years               5 years notes payable                         $ 25              $ 25             $ -                     $ -                  $ -
one-time transition tax       106                7                       -              27                  72
long-term debt                       6,271       300                     1,516                 1,276                3,179
operating leases              659                174                259                 105                 121
interest*                            2,240       212                370                 260                         1,398
total                              $ 9,301             $ 718             $ 2,145             $ 1,668              $ 4,770
*   interest on variable rate debt was calculated using the interest rate at year-end 2019.

as of december 31, 2019, our gross liability for uncertain tax positions was $28 million. we are not able to reasonably estimate the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over an extended period of time or whether a cash settlement of the liability will be required. therefore, these amounts have been excluded from the schedule of contractual obligations.
we do not have required minimum cash contribution obligations for our qualified pension plans in 2020. we are required to fund certain international pension benefit plans in accordance with local legal requirements. we estimate contributions to be made to our international plans will approximate $46 million in 2020. these amounts have been excluded from the schedule of contractual obligations.
we lease certain sales and administrative office facilities, distribution centers, research and manufacturing facilities and other equipment under longer-term operating leases. vehicle leases are generally shorter in duration. vehicle leases have residual value requirements that have historically been satisfied primarily by the proceeds on the sale of the vehicles.
45
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not participate in off-balance sheet financing arrangements. operating leases were not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet in 2018 or 2017. through the normal course of business, we have established various joint ventures, some of which have not been consolidated within our financial statements as we neither control, nor are the primary beneficiary. the joint ventures help us meet local ownership requirements, achieve quicker operational scale, expand our ability to provide customers a more fully integrated offering or provide other benefits to our business or customers. these entities have not been utilized as special purposes entities, which are sometimes established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet financial arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. as such, we are not exposed to financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.
market risk we enter into contractual arrangements (derivatives) in the ordinary course of business to manage foreign currency exposure and interest rate risks. we do not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. our use of derivatives is subject to internal policies that provide guidelines for control, counterparty risk, and ongoing monitoring and reporting, and is designed to reduce the volatility associated with movements in foreign exchange and interest rates on our income statement and cash flows.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain intercompany financial arrangements, and to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on transactions related to cash flows denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars. we use net investment hedges as hedging instruments to manage risks associated with our investments in foreign operations. as of december 31, 2019, we had a total of €1,150 million senior notes designated as net investment hedges.
we manage interest expense using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt. to help manage borrowing costs, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements. under these arrangements, we agree to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. as of december 31, 2019, we had no interest rate swaps outstanding.
see note 8 for further information on our hedging activity.
based on a sensitivity analysis (assuming a 10% change in market rates) of our foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives and other financial instruments, changes in exchange rates or interest rates would increase/decrease our financial position and liquidity by approximately $257 million. the effect on our results of operations would be substantially offset by the impact of the hedged items.
global economic and political environment energy markets approximately 22% of our sales are generated from our global energy segment, the results of which are subject to volatility in the oil and gas commodity markets. during 2019, the north american oil industry drilling and production activity slowed from 2018 levels, while international activity showed modest improvement. demand for oil and overall energy consumption has shown modest growth with oil prices well above their lows in early 2016.
our global footprint and broad business portfolio within the global energy segment, as well as our strong execution capabilities are expected to provide the required resilience to perform well in the current market. as such, we continue to remain confident in the long-term growth prospects of the segment.
global economies almost half of our sales are outside of the united states. our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results.
argentina has continued to experience negative economic trends, evidenced by multiple periods of increasing inflation rates, devaluation of the argentine peso, and increasing borrowing rates. argentina is classified as a highly inflationary economy in accordance with u.s. gaap, and the u.s. dollar is the functional currency for our subsidiaries in argentina. during 2019, sales in argentina represented less than 1% of our consolidated sales. assets held in argentina at the end of 2019 represented less than 1% of our consolidated assets.
the coronavirus has had a negative impact on market conditions and customer demand, starting in china. we anticipate an impact to our 2020 sales from lower market demand, but we are not yet able to estimate the full impact of the coronavirus outbreak as it continues to spread beyond china.
46
brexit referendum effective on january 31, 2020, the u.k. has formally left the european union. the u.k.'s relationship with the eu will no longer be governed by the eu treaties, but instead by the terms of the withdrawal agreement agreed between the u.k. and the eu in late 2019. the withdrawal agreement provides for a "transition" period, which commenced the moment the u.k. leaves the eu and is currently set to end on december 31, 2020. at the end of the transition period, there may be significant changes to the u.k.'s business environment. while the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the u.k. makes to retain access to eu markets or the failure to reach such agreements, the uncertainties created by brexit, any resolution between the u.k. and eu countries or the failure to reach any such resolutions, could adversely affect our relationships with customers, suppliers and employees and could adversely affect our business.
during 2019, net sales of our u.k. operations were approximately 3% of our consolidated net sales.
new accounting pronouncements information regarding new accounting pronouncements is included in note 2.
subsequent events subsequent to year-end, we reached an agreement to purchase cid lines, a leading global provider of livestock biosecurity and hygiene solutions. the acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of 2020 subject to various regulatory clearances.
47
non-gaap financial measures this md&a includes financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. these non-gaap measures include:
●  fixed currency sales
●  acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales
●  adjusted cost of sales
●  adjusted gross margin
●  fixed currency operating income
●  fixed currency operating income margin
●  adjusted operating income
●  adjusted operating income margin
●  adjusted fixed currency operating income
●  adjusted fixed currency operating income margin
●  acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income
●  acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin
●  adjusted other (income) expense
●   adjusted interest expense, net

●  ebitda
●  adjusted tax rate
●  adjusted net income attributable to ecolab
●  adjusted diluted eps we provide these measures as additional information regarding our operating results. we use these non-gaap measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions, including with respect to incentive compensation. we believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results.
our non-gaap financial measures for cost of sales, gross margin, interest expense and operating income exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges, and our non-gaap measures for tax rate, net income attributable to ecolab and diluted eps further exclude the impact of discrete tax items. we include items within special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items that we believe can significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results and not necessarily reflect costs and/or income associated with historical trends and future results. after tax special (gains) and charges are derived by applying the applicable local jurisdictional tax rate to the corresponding pre-tax special (gains) and charges.
ebitda is defined as the sum of net income including non-controlling interest, provision for income taxes, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization. ebitda is used in our net debt to ebitda ratio, which we view as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization.
we evaluate the performance of our international operations based on fixed currency rates of foreign exchange. fixed currency amounts included in this form 10-k are based on translation into u.s. dollars at the fixed foreign currency exchange rates established by management at the beginning of 2019. fixed currency amounts during 2018 for argentina operations are reflected at the argentine peso rate established by management at the beginning of the year.
acquisition adjusted growth rates exclude the results of our acquired businesses from the first twelve months post acquisition, exclude the results of our divested businesses from the twelve months prior to divestiture.
these non-gaap measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to u.s. gaap, and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. investors should not rely on any single financial measure when evaluating our business. we recommend that investors view these measures in conjunction with the u.s. gaap measures included in this md&a and we have provided reconciliations of reported u.s. gaap amounts to the non-gaap amounts.
