item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. listed below, not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence, are the most significant risk factors applicable to us. additionally, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. see "forward-looking statements."
risks relating to our business we may be unable to effectively manage our rapid growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management, systems, resources, and results of operations.
we have grown rapidly and significantly expanded our business over the past several years, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. our growth has resulted in part from managing larger and more complex projects for our customers, but consequently requires that we invest substantial amounts of cash in new facilities and physical infrastructure. our rapid growth places significant demands on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure, and creates challenges, including:
•   recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled professionals and management personnel;
•   planning resource utilization rates on a consistent basis and efficiently using on-site, off-site and offshore staffing;
•   maintaining close and effective relationships with a larger number of customers in a greater number of industries and locations;
•   controlling costs and minimizing cost overruns and project delays in new facilities and delivery centers;
•   effectively maintaining productivity levels and implementing process improvements across geographies and business units; and
•   improving our internal administrative, operational and financial infrastructure.
we intend to continue our expansion and pursue available opportunities for the foreseeable future. as we introduce new services, enter into new markets, and take on increasingly large and complex projects, our business may face new risks and challenges. if customers do not choose us for large and complex projects or we do not effectively manage those projects, our reputation, business, and financial goals may be damaged. we need to generate business and revenues to support new facilities and infrastructure projects. if the challenges associated with expansion negatively impact our anticipated growth and margins, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we must successfully attract, hire, train and retain qualified personnel to service our customers' projects and we must productively utilize those personnel to remain profitable.
hiring and retaining professionals with diverse skill sets across our broad geography of operations is critical to maintaining existing engagements and obtaining new business. if we do not deploy those professionals and use computers, office space, and other fixed-cost resources productively, our profitability will be significantly impacted. we must manage the utilization levels of the professionals that we hire and train by planning for future needs effectively and staffing projects appropriately while accurately predicting the general economy and our customers' need for our services. if we are unable to attract, hire, train, and retain highly skilled personnel and productively deploy them on customer projects, we will jeopardize our ability to meet and develop ongoing and future business and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
competition for highly skilled professionals is intense in the markets where we operate, and we may experience significant employee turnover rates due to such competition. if we are unable to retain professionals with specialized skills, our revenues, operating efficiency and profitability will decrease. cost reductions, such as reducing headcount, or voluntary departures that result from our failure to retain the professionals we hire, could negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire personnel to meet our business requirements. price increases could lead to a decline in demand for our services.
increases in wages, equity compensation, and other compensation expenses could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage, increase our costs, and result in dilution to our stockholders.
wages for technology professionals in the emerging markets where we have significant operations and delivery centers are lower than comparable wages in more developed countries. however, wages in the technology industry in these countries may increase at a faster rate than in the past, which may make us less competitive unless we are able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our people. if we increase operations and hiring in more developed economies, our compensation expenses will increase because of the higher wages demanded by technology professionals in those markets. wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary course pay increases, may also increase our cost of providing services and reduce our profitability if we are not able to pass those costs on to our customers or charge premium prices when justified by market demand.
we expect to continue our practice of granting equity-based awards under our stock incentive plans and paying other stock-based compensation. the expenses associated with stock-based compensation may make issuing equity awards under our equity incentive plans less attractive to us, but if we reduce the amount or value of equity award grants, we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel. conversely, if we grant more or higher value equity awards to attract and retain key personnel, the equity compensation expenses could materially adversely affect our results of operations. new regulations, volatility in our stock, and dilution to our stockholders could diminish our use and the value of our equity-based awards. this could put us at a competitive disadvantage or cause us to reconsider our compensation practices.
our success depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
our future success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior executives and other key employees. if one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. if any of our senior executives or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and other key personnel to those competitors. if we are unable to attract new senior executives or key personnel due to the intense competition for talent in our industry, it could disrupt our business operations and growth.
our operations in emerging markets subject us to greater economic, financial, and banking risks than we would face in more developed markets.
we have significant operations in certain emerging market economies in eastern europe, india and other asian countries. emerging markets are vulnerable to market and economic volatility to a greater extent than more developed markets, which presents risks to our business and operations. a majority of our revenues are generated in north america and western europe. however, most of our personnel and delivery centers are located in lower cost locations, including emerging markets. this exposes us to foreign exchange risks relating to revenues, compensation, purchases, capital expenditures, receivables and other balance-sheet items. as we continue to leverage and expand our global delivery model into other emerging markets, a larger portion of our revenues and incurred expenses may be in currencies other than u.s. dollars. currency exchange volatility caused by economic instability or other factors could materially impact our results. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the economies of certain emerging market countries where we operate have experienced periods of considerable instability and have been subject to abrupt downturns. we have cash in banks in countries such as belarus, russia, ukraine, kazakhstan, armenia and uzbekistan, where the banking sector generally does not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured, and the banking system remains subject to instability. a banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of banks that receive or hold our funds, particularly in belarus, may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our ability to complete banking transactions in that region. in addition, some countries where we operate may impose regulatory or practical restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies within their banking systems, which would limit our ability to use cash across our global operations and increase our exposure to currency fluctuations. emerging market vulnerability, and especially its impact on currency exchange volatility and banking systems, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
war, terrorism, other acts of violence or natural or manmade disasters, including the ongoing conflict in ukraine, may affect the markets in which we operate, our customers, and our service delivery.
our business may be negatively affected by instability, disruption or destruction in the geographic regions where we operate. war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or manmade disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, pandemics and other regional or global health crises, storm or disease may cause customers to delay their decisions on spending for the services we provide and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disasters, particularly in the case of a catastrophic event. these events pose significant security risks to our people, the facilities where they work, our operations, electricity and other utilities, communications, travel, and network services, and the disruption of any or all of them could materially adversely affect our financial results. travel restrictions resulting from natural or manmade disruptions and political or social conflict increase the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly-skilled and qualified professionals and could unexpectedly increase our labor costs and expenses, both of which could also adversely affect our ability to serve our customers.
in particular, continuing military activities in ukraine and ukraine's weak economic conditions have fueled ongoing economic uncertainty in ukraine, russia and other markets, and the uncertainty is exacerbated by existing and threatened economic sanctions imposed by the european union, united states and other nations on certain russian entities in the energy, defense and financial sectors. we have delivery centers in both ukraine and russia and between 35% and 40% of our billable professionals have been located in those two countries since the military activities began in 2014, although none are located in the most volatile regions of eastern ukraine. long term disputes over russia's supply of oil and gas to belarus have also reemerged. to date we have not experienced any interruption in our office infrastructure, utility supply or internet connectivity needed to support our customers. we continue to monitor the situation closely and have developed contingency plans to relocate work and/or personnel to other locations and add new locations, as appropriate, but prolonged political instability in ukraine, sanctions against russia, russia's potential response to such sanctions and tension between russia and belarus over energy supply could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
the u.s. congress and trump administration may make substantial changes to fiscal, political, regulatory and other federal policies that may adversely affect our business and financial results.
changes in general economic or political conditions in the united states could adversely affect our business. for example, the administration under president donald trump has put forth and may continue to propose significant changes with respect to a variety of issues, including international trade agreements and conducting business offshore, import and export regulations, tariffs and customs duties, foreign relations, immigration laws and travel restrictions, and corporate governance laws, that could have a positive or negative impact on our business.
the majority of our professionals are offshore. companies that outsource services to organizations operating in other countries remains a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the united states, which is our largest source of revenues. proposed legislation in the united states could impose restrictions on offshore outsourcing and on our ability to deploy employees holding u.s. work visas to customer locations, both of which could adversely impact our business. such legislative measures could broaden restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies and contracts and impact private industry with tax disincentives, intellectual property transfer restrictions, and restrictions on the use or availability of certain work visas.
some of our projects require our personnel to obtain visas to travel and work at client sites outside of our personnel's home countries. our reliance on visas to staff projects with employees who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed makes us vulnerable to legislative and administrative changes in visa and work permit laws and regulations. the process to obtain the required visas and work permits can be lengthy and difficult and variations in application and enforcement due to political forces and economic conditions may cause delays or rejections when trying to obtain visas. delays in obtaining visas may result in delays in the ability of our personnel to travel to meet with and provide services to our customers or to continue to provide services on a timely basis. in addition, the availability of a sufficient number of visas without significant additional costs could limit our ability to provide services to our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centers as efficiently as we otherwise could. delays in or the unavailability of visas and work permits could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we do not have long-term commitments from our customers, our customers may terminate contracts before completion, choose not to renew contracts, and we are not guaranteed payment for services performed under contract. a loss of business or non-payment from significant customers could materially affect our results of operations.
our ability to maintain continuing relationships with our major customers and successfully obtain payment for our services is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. however, the volume of work performed for any specific customer is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally are not our customers' exclusive it services provider and we generally do not have long-term commitments from customers to purchase our services. we may also fail to adequately or accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. our customers' ability to terminate engagements with or without cause and our customers' inability or unwillingness to pay for services we performed makes our future revenues and profitability uncertain. although a substantial majority of our revenues are generated from customers who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our customers are typically for projects that are singular in nature. therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end.
there are a number of factors relating to our customers that are outside of our control, which might lead them to terminate or not renew a contract or project with us, or be unable to pay us, including:
•   financial difficulties;
•   corporate restructuring, or mergers and acquisitions activity;
•   our inability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues;
•   change in strategic priorities or economic conditions, resulting in elimination of the impetus for the project or a reduced level of technology related spending;
•   change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the customer's in-house technology departments or to our competitors; and
•   replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors.
termination or non-renewal of a customer contract could cause us to experience a higher than expected number of unassigned employees and thus compress our margins until we are able to reallocate our headcount. customers that delay payment, request modifications to their payment arrangements, or fail to meet their payment obligations to us could increase our cash collection time or cause us to incur bad debt expense. the loss of any of our major customers, a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or price they are willing or able to pay us, if not replaced by new service engagements and revenue, could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industries, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industries could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
a substantial portion of our customers are concentrated in five specific industry verticals: financial services; software & hi-tech; business information & media; travel & consumer; and life sciences & healthcare. our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from customers in these five industry verticals and other industries that we target or may target in the future, and also depends on trends in these industries to outsource the type of services we provide.
a downturn in any of our targeted industries, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource it services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. other developments in the industries in which we operate may increase the demand for lower cost or lower quality it services and decrease the demand for our services, or increase the pressure our customers put on us to reduce pricing. we may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
furthermore, developments in the industries we serve could shift customer demand to new services, solutions or technology. if our customers demand new services, solutions or technologies, we may be less competitive in these new areas or may need to make significant investments to meet that demand. additionally, as we expand into serving new industry verticals, our solutions and technology may be used by, or generally affect, a broader base of customers and end users, which may expose us to new business and operational risks.
if our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost and complexity of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable.
we face a number of risks when pricing our contracts and setting terms with our customers. our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts, assumptions and predictions about our projects, the marketplace, global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility) and the coordination of operations and personnel in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. larger and more complex projects that involve multiple engagements or stages heighten those pricing risks because a customer may choose not to retain us for additional stages or delay forecasted engagements, which disrupts our planned project resource requirements. if our pricing for a project includes dedicated personnel or facilities and the customer were to slow or stop that project, we may not be able to reallocate resources to other customers. our pricing and cost estimates for the work that we perform may include anticipated long-term cost savings that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. because of these inherent uncertainties, we may underprice our projects, fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts, such as defined performance goals, service levels, and completion schedules. the risk of underpricing our services or underestimating the costs of performing the work is heightened in fixed -price contracts and in contracts that require our customer to receive a productivity benefit as a deliverable under the contract. if we fail to accurately estimate the resources, time or quality levels required to complete such engagements, or if the cost to us of employees, facilities, or technology unexpectedly increases, we could be exposed to cost overruns. any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of the services, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable.
our industry is sensitive to the economic environment and the industry tends to decline during general economic downturns. given our significant revenues from north america and europe, if those economies weaken or slow, pricing for our services may be depressed and our customers may reduce or postpone their technology related spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
we face risks associated with having a long selling and implementation cycle for our services that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenues for those services.
we have a long selling cycle for our services. before potential customers commit to use our services, they require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our customers' decision to select another service provider or in-house resources to perform the services, the timing of our customers' budget cycles, and customer procurement and approval processes. if our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more large projects, it could negatively affect the timing of our revenues and our revenue growth. in certain cases, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing a contract, which may cause fluctuations in recognizing revenues between periods or jeopardize our ability to collect payment from customers.
implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our customers and us. our current and future customers may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential customers despite devoting significant time and resources. any significant failure to generate revenues or delays in recognizing revenues after incurring costs related to our sales or services processes could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we face intense and increasing competition for customers and opportunities from onshore and offshore it services and other consulting companies. if we are unable to compete successfully against competitors, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the market for our services is highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. we face competition from offshore it services providers in other outsourcing destinations with low wage costs such as india and china, as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house it departments of large corporations. customers tend to engage multiple it services providers instead of using an exclusive it services provider, which could reduce our revenues or place significant downward pressure on pricing among competing it services providers. customers may prefer service providers that have more locations, more personnel, more experience in a particular country or market, or that are based in countries that are more cost-competitive or have the perception of being more stable than some of the emerging markets in which we operate.
current or prospective customers may elect to perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from transferring services from onshore to offshore service providers, which could harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide services from within the countries in which our customers operate.
some of our present and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources; therefore, we may be unable to retain our customers or successfully attract new customers. increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business.
if we are unable to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards, we may lose customers and our business could be materially adversely affected.
rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards are inherent in the market for our products and services. our ability to anticipate developments in our industry, enhance our existing services, develop and introduce new services, provide enhancements and new features for our products, and keep pace with changes and developments are critical to meeting changing customer needs. developing solutions for our customers is extremely complex and is expected to become increasingly complex and expensive in the future due to the introduction of new platforms, operating systems, technologies and methodologies. our ability to keep pace with, anticipate or respond to changes and developments is subject to a number of risks, including that:
•   we may find it difficult or costly to update existing or develop new services, applications, tools and software quickly enough to meet our customers' needs;
•   we may find it difficult or costly to make existing software and products work effectively and securely over the internet or with new or changed operating systems;
•   we may find it difficult or costly to update existing or develop new software, services, and products to keep pace with evolving industry standards, methodologies, and regulatory developments in the industries where our customers operate; and
•   we may find it difficult to maintain high quality levels with new technologies and methodologies.
we may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments in a timely manner, or if we do respond, the services, products, technologies or methodologies we develop or implement may not be successful in the marketplace. further, services, products, technologies or methodologies that our competitors develop may render our services or products non-competitive or obsolete. our failure to enhance our existing services and products and to develop and introduce new services and products to promptly address the needs of our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business.
undetected software design defects, errors or failures may result in loss of business or in liabilities that could materially adversely affect our business.
our software development solutions involve a high degree of technological complexity, have unique specifications and could contain design defects or software errors that are difficult to detect or correct. errors or defects may result in the loss of current customers, revenues, market share, or customer data, a failure to attract new customers or achieve market acceptance, and could divert development resources and increase support or service costs. we cannot provide assurance that, despite testing by our customers and us, errors will not be found in the software products we develop or the services we perform. any such errors could result in claims for damages against us, litigation, and reputational harm that could materially adversely affect our business.
security breaches and other disruptions to network security could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, process, transmit, and view sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, or proprietary business information or personally identifiable information belonging to us, our customers, respective employees, and other end users. this information is stored in our data centers and networks or in the data centers and networks of third-party providers. physical security and the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. some of our customers are seeking additional assurances for the protection of their sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, and attach greater liability in the event that their sensitive information is disclosed.
despite security measures, information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to human error, employee misconduct or malfeasance, system failure, or other disruptions. any such breach could compromise our networks or the networks of our third-party providers and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, misappropriated, lost or stolen. such a breach, misappropriation, or disruption could also disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, as well as require us to expend significant resources to protect against further breaches and to rectify problems caused by these events. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under applicable laws, and regulatory penalties and could adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position.
if we cause disruptions to our customers' businesses, provide inadequate service, or breach contractual obligations, our customers may have claims for substantial damages against us and our reputation may be damaged. our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against such claims.
if our professionals make errors in the course of delivering services or we fail to meet contractual obligations to a customer, these errors or failures could disrupt the customer's business or expose confidential or personally identifiable information. any of these events could result in a reduction in our revenues, damage to our reputation, and could also result in a customer terminating our engagement and making claims for substantial damages against us. some of our customer agreements do not limit our potential liability for occurrences such as breaches of confidentiality and intellectual property infringement indemnity, and we cannot generally limit liability to third parties with which we do not have a contractual relationship. in some cases, breaches of confidentiality obligations, including obligations to protect personally identifiable information, may entitle the aggrieved party to equitable remedies, including injunctive relief.
although we maintain professional liability insurance, product liability insurance, commercial general and property insurance, business interruption insurance, workers' compensation coverage, and umbrella insurance for certain of our operations, our insurance coverage does not insure against all risks in our operations or all claims we may receive. damage claims from customers or third parties brought against us or claims that we initiate due to the disruption of our business, litigation, or natural disasters, may not be covered by our insurance, may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage, and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources even if insured. some types of insurance are not available on reasonable terms or at all in some countries in which we operate, and we cannot insure against damage to our reputation. the assertion of one or more large claims against us, whether or not successful and whether or not insured, could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant failure in our systems, telecommunications or it infrastructure could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and otherwise disrupt our business.
our service model relies on maintaining active voice and data communications, online resource management, financial and operational record management, customer service and data processing systems between our client sites, our delivery centers and our customer management locations. our business activities may be materially disrupted in the event of a partial or complete failure of any of these technologies, which could be due to software malfunction, computer virus attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrades, damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, demands placed on internet infrastructure by growing numbers of users and time spent online, increased bandwidth requirements or other events beyond our control. our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disruptions, particularly in the case of a catastrophic event. loss of all or part of the infrastructure or systems for a period of time could hinder our performance or our ability to complete customer projects on time which, in turn, could lead to a reduction of our revenues or otherwise materially adversely affect our business and business reputation.
our ability to generate and retain business could depend on our reputation in the marketplace.
our services are marketed to customers and prospective customers based on a number of factors, including reputation. our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our customers' evaluation of whether to engage our services. our customers' perception of our ability to add value through our services is critical to the profitability of our engagements. we believe the epam brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees.
our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former customers and employees, competitors, vendors, adversaries in legal proceedings, government regulators, as well as members of the investment community and the media. there is a risk that negative information about us, even if untrue, could adversely affect our business, could cause damage to our reputation and be challenging to repair, could make potential or existing customers reluctant to select us for new engagements, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the epam brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us.
if we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies efficiently, or if acquisitions do not perform to our expectations, our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected.
strategic acquisitions are part of our expansion strategy, but these transactions involve significant risks. acquired companies may not advance our business strategy or achieve a satisfactory return on our investment, we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired employees and business culture, customer relationships, or operations, and acquisitions divert significant management attention and financial resources from our ongoing business. furthermore, contracts between our acquisition targets and their customers may lack terms and conditions that adequately protect us against the risks associated with the services we provide, which may increase our potential exposure to damages. if not effectively managed, the disruption of our ongoing business, increases in our expenses, including significant one-time expenses and write-offs, and difficulty and complexity of effectively integrating acquired operations may adversely affect our overall growth and profitability.
we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our business and competitive position.
we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition and trade secret laws, as well as intellectual property assignment and confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual property rights. protection of intellectual property rights and confidentiality in some countries in which we operate may not be as effective as in the united states or other countries with more developed intellectual property protections.
we require our employees and independent contractors to assign to us all intellectual property and work product they create in connection with their employment or engagement. these assignment agreements also obligate our personnel to keep proprietary information confidential. if these agreements are not enforceable in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we cannot ensure that we will own the intellectual property they create or that our proprietary information will not be disclosed. our customers and certain vendors are generally obligated to keep our information confidential, but if these contractual obligations are not entered, or are breached or deemed unenforceable, our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information may be subject to unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure. reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our and our customers' proprietary technologies, tools and applications could enable unauthorized parties to benefit from our or our customers' technologies, tools and applications without payment and may make us liable to our customers for damages and compensation, which could harm our business and competitive position.
we rely on our trademarks, trade names, service marks and brand names to distinguish our services and solutions from the services of our competitors. we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. third parties may oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of our trademarks. in the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our services and solutions, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote additional resources to advertising and marketing new brands. further, we cannot provide assurance that competitors will not infringe our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. if we do enforce our trademarks and our other intellectual property rights through litigation, we may not be successful and the litigation may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
we may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend. if we fail to defend ourselves against such claims, we may lose significant intellectual property rights and may be unable to continue providing our existing services.
our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies, products, and services without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks. we may be unaware of intellectual property rights relating to our products or services that may give rise to potential infringement claims against us. if those intellectual property rights are potentially relevant to our service offerings, we may need to license those rights in order to continue to use the applicable technology, but the holders of those intellectual property rights may be unwilling to license those rights to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. there may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that if subject to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, may become unavailable to us if such third parties obtain an injunction to prevent us from delivering our services or using technology involving the allegedly infringing intellectual property.
we typically indemnify customers who purchase our products, services and solutions against potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk and cost of defending the underlying infringement claims. these claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers, regardless of the merits of these claims, and our indemnification obligations are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. intellectual property litigation could also divert our management's attention from our business and existing or potential customers could defer or limit their purchase or use of our software product development services or solutions until we resolve such litigation. if any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, redesign or cease offering our allegedly infringing products, services, or solutions, or obtain licenses for the intellectual property that such services or solutions allegedly infringe. if we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our services or solutions.
any of these actions, regardless of the outcome of litigation or merits of the claim, could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to laws and regulations in the united states and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, economic sanctions, the fcpa, and similar anti-corruption laws. compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures.
we are subject to many laws and regulations that restrict our international operations, including laws that prohibit activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to u.s. sanctions. the u.s. office of foreign assets control, or ofac, and other international bodies have imposed sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. we are also subject to the fcpa and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other countries, all of which prohibit companies and their intermediaries from bribing government officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices, although adherence to local customs and practices is generally not a defense under u.s. and other anti-bribery laws.
our compliance program contains controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with the fcpa, ofac and other sanctions, and laws and regulations. the continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of our compliance program may be time consuming and expensive, and could result in the discovery of compliance issues or violations by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware.
any violations of these or other laws, regulations and procedures by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents, including third parties we associate with or companies we acquire, could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, fines or business restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in us under certain state laws.
changes in privacy and data protection regulations could expose us to risks of noncompliance and costs associated with compliance.
epam is subject to the gdpr and the ccpa, each of which imposes significant restrictions and requirements relating to the processing of personal data. these and other recent international data protection laws are more burdensome than historical privacy standards, especially in the united states. the ccpa and gdpr each established complex legal obligations that organizations must follow with respect to the processing of personal data, including a prohibition on the transfer of personal information to third parties or to other countries, and the imposition of additional notification, security and other control measures.
enforcement actions taken by the european union data protection authorities, in the case of gdpr, or by individuals or the california regulatory authorities, in the case of the ccpa, as well as audits or investigations by one or more individuals, organizations, or foreign government agencies could result in penalties and fines for non-compliance or direct claims against us in the event of any loss or damage as a result of a breach of these regulations. the burden of compliance with additional data protection requirements may result in significant additional costs, complexity and risk in our services and customer may seek to shift the potential risks resulting from the implementation of data privacy legislation to us. we are required to establish processes and change certain operations in relation to the processing of personal data as a result of gdpr and ccpa, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business.
complying with a wide variety of legal requirements in the jurisdictions where we operate can create risks to our operations and financial condition, including liquidation of the subsidiaries that operate our major delivery centers.
our global operations require us to comply with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, trade or foreign exchange restrictions or sanctions, inflation, unstable political and military situations, labor issues, and legal systems that make it more difficult to enforce intellectual property, contractual, or corporate rights. certain legal provisions in russia, belarus, and ukraine, where our local subsidiaries operate important delivery centers and employ a significant number of billable professionals, may allow a court to order liquidation of a locally organized legal entity on the basis of its formal noncompliance with certain requirements during formation, reorganization or during its operations. if we fail to comply with certain requirements, including those relating to minimum net assets, governmental or local authorities can seek the involuntary liquidation of our local subsidiaries in court, and creditors will have the right to accelerate their claims, demand early performance of the company's obligations, and demand compensation for any damages. involuntary liquidation of any of our subsidiaries could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors.
we conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including changes in the amount of income taxed by or allocated to the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; changing tax laws, regulations and interpretations of such tax laws in one or more jurisdictions; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties. the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. our determination of tax liability is always subject to review or examination by authorities in various jurisdictions. if a tax authority in any jurisdiction reviews any of our tax returns and proposes an adjustment, including, but not limited to, a determination that the transfer prices and terms we have applied are not appropriate, such an adjustment could have a negative impact on our results of operations, business, and profitability. in addition, any significant changes to the tax cuts and jobs act ("u.s. tax act") enacted in 2017, or to regulatory guidance associated with the u.s. tax act, could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate.
our operating results may be negatively impacted by the loss of certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the governments of belarus and other countries.
in belarus, our local subsidiary along with other member technology companies of high-technologies park have a full exemption from belarus income tax and value added tax until 2049 and are taxed at reduced rates on a variety of other taxes. in russia, our local subsidiary along with other qualified it companies, benefit from paying obligatory social contributions to the government at a significantly reduced rate as well as an exemption from value added tax in certain circumstances. if these tax benefits are changed, terminated, not extended or comparable new tax incentives are not introduced, we expect that our effective income tax rate and/or our operating expenses could increase significantly, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - provision for income taxes."
there may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of some of our personnel or the exempt status of our employees is successfully challenged.
in several countries, certain of our personnel are retained as independent contractors. the criteria to determine whether an individual is considered an independent contractor or an employee are typically fact sensitive and vary by jurisdiction, as can the interpretation of the applicable laws. if a government authority or court makes any adverse determination with respect to independent contractors in general or one or more of our independent contractors specifically, we could incur significant costs, including for prior periods, in respect of tax withholding, social security taxes or payments, workers' compensation and unemployment contributions, and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and increase the difficulty in attracting and retaining personnel.
we may need additional capital, and a failure to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to grow our business and develop or enhance our service offerings to respond to market demand or competitive challenges.
we believe that our current cash, cash flow from operations and revolving line of credit are sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. we may, however, require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions that we may decide to pursue. if these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain another or larger credit facility, and we cannot be certain that such additional financing would be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. the sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders, and additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service costs and obligations and could impose operating and financial covenants that would further restrict our operations.
our stock price is volatile.
our common stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by our competitors and us, projections or speculation about our business or that of our competitors by the media or investment analysts or uncertainty about current global economic conditions. the stock market, as a whole, also has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies' operating performance. furthermore, we believe our stock price should reflect future growth and profitability expectations and, if we fail to meet these expectations, our stock price may significantly decline.
expense related to our liability-classified restricted stock units, which are subject to mark-to-market accounting, and the calculation of the weighted-average diluted shares outstanding in accordance with the treasury method are both affected by our stock price. any fluctuations in the price of our stock will affect our future operating results.
our hedging program is subject to counterparty default risk.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts with a number of counterparties. as a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contract. during an economic downturn, the counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. in the event of a counterparty default, we could incur significant losses, which may harm our business and financial condition. in the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections entitled "forward-looking statements" and "part i. item 1a. risk factors." we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.
executive summary we are a leading global provider of digital platform engineering and software development services offering specialized technological solutions to many of the world's leading organizations.
our customers depend on us to solve their complex technical challenges and rely on our expertise in core engineering, advanced technology, digital design and intelligent enterprise development. we continuously explore opportunities in new industries to expand our core industry client base in software and technology, financial services, business information and media, travel and consumer, retail and distribution and life sciences and healthcare. our teams of developers, architects, consultants, strategists, engineers, designers, and product experts have the capabilities and skill sets to deliver business results.
our global delivery model and centralized support functions, combined with the benefits of scale from the shared use of fixed-cost resources, enhance our productivity levels and enable us to better manage the efficiency of our global operations. as a result, we have created a delivery base whereby our applications, tools, methodologies and infrastructure allow us to seamlessly deliver services and solutions from our delivery centers to global customers across all geographies, further strengthening our relationships with them.
through increased specialization in focused verticals and a continued emphasis on strategic partnerships, we are leveraging our roots in software engineering to grow as a recognized brand in software development and end-to-end digital transformation services for our customers.
overview of 2019 and financial highlights the following table presents a summary of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                   2018                                           2017
% of revenues                                  % of revenues                                  % of revenues
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)
revenues                        $2,293.8              100.0        %           $1,842.9              100.0        %           $1,450.4              100.0        %
income from operations            $302.9               13.2        %             $245.8               13.3        %             $172.9               11.9        %
net income                        $261.1               11.4        %             $240.3               13.0        %              $72.8                5.0        %
effective tax rate                  12.8    %                          3.8                 %                          58.3                %
diluted earnings per share         $4.53                                          $4.24                                          $1.32
the key highlights of our consolidated results for 2019 were as follows:
•   we recorded revenues of $2.3 billion, or a 24.5% increase from $1.8 billion in the previous year, negatively impacted by $25.0 million or 1.3% due to changes in certain foreign currency exchange rates as compared to the corresponding period in the previous year.
•   income from operations grew 23.2% to $302.9 million from $245.8 million in 2018. expressed as a percentage of revenues, income from operations was consistent with last year at 13.2% compared to 13.3%.
•   our effective tax rate was 12.8% compared to 3.8% last year. the provision for income taxes for 2018 was favorably impacted by the recognition of $34.9 million of one-time tax benefits, partially offset by an increase in excess tax benefits associated with equity award exercises and vesting in 2019 compared to the same period last year.
•   net income increased 8.7% to $261.1 million compared to $240.3 million in 2018. expressed as a percentage of revenues, net income decreased 1.6% compared to last year, which was largely driven by the increase in our effective tax rate.
•   diluted earnings per share increased 6.8% to $4.53 for the year ended december 31, 2019 from $4.24 in 2018.
•   cash provided by operations decreased $4.8 million, or 1.6%, to $287.5 million during 2019 as compared to last year.
the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), which require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect: (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period and (iii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, and expectations regarding the future based on available information and reasonable assumptions, which together form a basis for making judgments about matters not readily apparent from other sources. since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. when reviewing our audited consolidated financial statements, you should consider (i) our selection of critical accounting policies, (ii) the judgment and other uncertainties affecting the application of such policies and (iii) the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions. we consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places significant demands on the judgment of our management.
an accounting policy is considered critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. we believe that the following critical accounting policies are the most sensitive and require more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. you should read the following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included elsewhere in this annual report.
revenues - as discussed in note 1 "business and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k, on january 1, 2018, we adopted the new accounting standard asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers" (topic 606) as amended using the modified retrospective method. this resulted in different revenue recognition accounting policies applied to the years presented in our consolidated financial statements.
for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018
we recognize revenues when control of goods or services is passed to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. such control may be transferred over time or at a point in time depending on satisfaction of obligations stipulated by the contract. consideration expected to be received may consist of both fixed and variable components and is allocated to each separately identifiable performance obligation based on the performance obligation's relative standalone selling price. variable consideration usually takes the form of volume-based discounts, service level credits, price concessions or incentives. determining the estimated amount of such variable consideration involves assumptions and judgment that can have an impact on the amount of revenues reported.
we derive revenues from a variety of service arrangements, which have been evolving to provide more customized and integrated solutions to customers by combining software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services. fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements. we generate the majority of our revenues under time-and-material contracts, which are billed using hourly, daily or monthly rates to determine the amounts to be charged directly to the customer. we apply a practical expedient and revenues related to time-and-material contracts are recognized based on the right to invoice for services performed.
fixed-price contracts include maintenance and support arrangements, which may exceed one year in duration. maintenance and support arrangements generally relate to the provision of ongoing services and revenues for such contracts are recognized ratably over the expected service period. fixed-price contracts also include application development arrangements, where progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured using input or output methods and input methods are used only when there is a direct correlation between hours incurred and the end product delivered. assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent in the estimates used to measure progress could affect the amount of revenues, receivables and deferred revenues at each reporting period.
revenues from licenses which have significant stand-alone functionality are recognized at a point in time when control of the license is transferred to the customer. revenues from licenses which do not have stand-alone functionality are recognized over time. if there is an uncertainty about the receipt of payment for the services, revenue recognition is deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. we apply a practical expedient and do not assess the existence of a significant financing component if the period between transfer of the service to a customer and when the customer pays for that service is one year or less.
we report gross reimbursable "out-of-pocket" expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
for the year ended december 31, 2017
we recognized revenue when the following criteria were met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement existed; (2) delivery had occurred; (3) the sales price was fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability was reasonably assured. determining whether and when some of these criteria had been satisfied often involved assumptions and judgments that could have had a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenues reported.
we derived our revenues from a variety of service offerings, which represent specific competencies of our delivery professionals. contracts for these services had different terms and conditions based on the scope, deliverables, and complexity of the engagement, which required management to make judgments and estimates in determining appropriate revenue recognition. fees for these contracts may have been in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements. if there was uncertainty about the project completion or receipt of payment for the services, revenue was deferred until the uncertainty was sufficiently resolved. at the time revenue was recognized, we provided for any contractual deductions and reduced revenue accordingly. the company reported gross reimbursable "out-of-pocket" expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
we deferred amounts billed to our customers for revenues not yet earned. such amounts were anticipated to be recorded as revenues when services were performed in subsequent periods. revenues were recorded when services had been provided but billed subsequent to the period end in accordance with the contract terms.
the majority of our revenues (90.3% of revenues in 2017) were generated under time-and-material contracts whereby revenues were recognized as services were performed with the corresponding cost of providing those services reflected as cost of revenues. the majority of such revenues were billed using hourly, daily or monthly rates as actual time was incurred on the project. revenues from fixed-price contracts (8.3% of revenues in 2017) included fixed-price maintenance and support arrangements, which may have exceeded one year in duration and revenues from maintenance and support arrangements were generally recognized ratably over the expected service period. fixed-price contracts also included application development arrangements and revenues from these arrangements were primarily determined using the proportional performance method. in cases where final acceptance of the product, system, or solution was specified by the customer, and the acceptance criteria were not objectively determinable to have been met as the services were provided, revenues were deferred until all acceptance criteria had been met. in the absence of a sufficient basis to measure progress towards completion, revenue was recognized upon receipt of final acceptance from the customer. assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent in the estimates used in the application of the proportional performance method of accounting could have affected the amount of revenues, receivables and deferred revenues at each reporting period.
business combinations - we account for business combinations using the acquisition method which requires us to estimate the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including any contingent consideration, to properly allocate purchase price to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the allocation of the purchase price utilizes significant estimates in determining the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to intangible assets. the significant estimates and assumptions used include the timing and amount of forecasted revenues and cash flows, anticipated growth rates, client attrition rates, the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows and the determination of useful lives for finite-lived assets. there are different valuation models for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. these determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable, but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain. the acquired assets typically include customer relationships, software, trade names, non-competition agreements, and assembled workforce and as a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price is allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets.
if the initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, provisional amounts are reported to present information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. once the measurement period ends, which in no case extends beyond one year from the acquisition date, revisions to the accounting for the business combination are recorded in earnings.
leases - we determine if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at inception. we perform an assessment and classify the lease as either an operating lease or a financing lease at the lease commencement date with a right-of-use asset ("rou asset") and a lease liability recognized in the consolidated balance sheet under both classifications.
lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of lease payments not yet paid. the present value is determined by applying the readily determinable rate implicit in the lease or, if not available, the incremental borrowing rate of the lessee. we determine the incremental borrowing rate of the lessee on a lease-by-lease basis by developing an estimated centralized u.s. dollar borrowing rate for a fully collateralized obligation with a term similar to the lease term and adjust the rate to reflect the incremental risk associated with the currency in which the lease is denominated. the development of this estimate includes the use of recovery rates, u.s. risk-free rates, foreign currency/country base rate yields, and a synthetic corporate credit rating of the company developed using regression analysis. our lease agreements may include options to extend or terminate the lease. we includes such options in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. rou assets are recognized based on the initial measurement of the lease liabilities plus initial direct costs less lease incentives. lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. rou assets are subject to periodic impairment tests.
we have elected a practical expedient to account for lease and non-lease components together as a single lease component. in addition, we elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all classes of lease assets.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 "business and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
results of operations the following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated. this information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                                                                     2018   2017
% of revenues                                    % of revenues                                    % of revenues
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)
revenues                                                              $2,293,798              100.0        %           $1,842,912              100.0        %           $1,450,448              100.0        %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)(1)       1,488,198               64.9                     1,186,921               64.4                       921,352               63.5
selling, general and administrative expenses(2)                          457,433               19.9                       373,587               20.3                       327,588               22.6
depreciation and amortization expense                                     45,317                2.0                        36,640                2.0                        28,562                2.0
income from operations                                                   302,850               13.2                       245,764               13.3                       172,946               11.9
interest and other income, net                                             8,725                0.4                         3,522                0.3                         4,601                0.3
foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                             (12,049    )          (0.5        )                  487                  -                        (3,242    )          (0.2        )
income before provision for income taxes                                 299,526               13.1                       249,773               13.6                       174,305               12.0
provision for income taxes                                                38,469                1.7                         9,517                0.6                       101,545                7.0
net income                                                              $261,057               11.4        %             $240,256               13.0        %              $72,760                5.0        %
effective tax rate                                                          12.8    %                                         3.8    %                          58.3                  %
diluted earnings per share                                                 $4.53                                            $4.24                                            $1.32
(1)   included $37,580, $27,245 and $20,868 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(2)   included $34,456, $31,943 and $31,539 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
revenues we continue to expand our presence across multiple geographies and verticals, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. during the year ended december 31, 2019, our total revenues grew 24.5% over the previous year to $2.3 billion. this growth resulted from our ability to retain existing customers and increase the level of services we provide to them and our ability to produce revenues from new customer relationships. customer concentration continued to decrease with revenues from our top five, top ten and top twenty clients declining as a percentage of total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the previous year. revenue has been positively impacted from the acquisition of test io and other 2019 acquisitions, which contributed 0.2% and 0.5%, respectively to our revenue growth, and negatively impacted by the fluctuations in foreign currency that decreased our revenue growth by 1.3% during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the previous year.
we discuss below the breakdown of our revenues by vertical, customer location, service arrangement type, and customer concentration.
revenues by vertical we assign our customers into one of our five main vertical markets or a group of various industries where we are increasing our presence, which we label as "emerging verticals". emerging verticals include customers in multiple industries such as energy, utilities, manufacturing, automotive, telecommunications and several others.
the following table presents our revenues by vertical and revenues as a percentage of total revenues by vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                 2018                                  2017
(in thousands, except percentages)
financial services                      $500,872          21.8   %            $423,977          23.0   %            $338,899          23.4   %
travel &amp; consumer                    439,358          19.2                 393,643          21.4                 317,415          21.9
software &amp; hi-tech                   433,398          18.9                 350,815          19.0                 287,633          19.8
business information &amp; media         420,923          18.4                 324,033          17.6                 256,267          17.7
life sciences &amp; healthcare           248,452          10.8                 171,703           9.3                 120,591           8.3
emerging verticals                       250,795          10.9                 178,741           9.7                 129,643           8.9
revenues                              $2,293,798         100.0   %          $1,842,912         100.0   %          $1,450,448         100.0   %
revenues by customer location our revenues are sourced from four geographic markets: north america, europe, cis and apac. we present and discuss our revenues by customer location based on the location of the specific customer site that we serve, irrespective of the location of the headquarters of the customer or the location of the delivery center where the work is performed. revenues by customer location is different from revenues by reportable segment in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. segments are not based on the geographic location of the customers, but instead they are based on the location of the company's management responsible for a particular customer or market.
the following table sets forth revenues by customer location by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2019                                              2018                                  2017
(in thousands, except percentages)
north america      $1,390,015          60.6   %          $1,099,167          59.6   %            $840,692          58.0   %
europe                746,866          32.6                 612,472          33.2                 511,319          35.2
cis (1)               100,471           4.4                  81,703           4.4                  68,390           4.7
apac (2)               56,446           2.4                  49,570           2.8                  30,047           2.1
revenues           $2,293,798         100.0   %          $1,842,912         100.0   %          $1,450,448         100.0   %
(1)   cis includes revenues from customers in belarus, kazakhstan, russia and ukraine.
(2)   apac, which stands for asia pacific, includes revenues from customers in southeast asia and australia.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, revenues in our largest geography, north america, were $1,390.0 million growing $290.8 million, or 26.5%, from $1,099.2 million reported for the year ended december 31, 2018. revenues from this geography accounted for 60.6% of total revenues in 2019, an increase from 59.6% in the prior year. the united states continued to be our largest customer location contributing revenues of $1,321.7 million in 2019 compared to $1,029.3 million in 2018.
revenues in our europe geography were $746.9 million, an increase of $134.4 million, or 21.9%, over $612.5 million in the previous year. revenues in this geography accounted for 32.6% of consolidated revenues in 2019 as compared to 33.2% in the previous year. the top three revenue contributing customer location countries in europe were the united kingdom, switzerland and the netherlands generating revenues of $290.0 million, $152.7 million and $88.5 million in 2019, respectively, compared to $200.9 million, $144.4 million and $70.3 million in 2018, respectively. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates with the u.s. dollar, particularly the euro and the british pound, during 2019 compared to the same period in the prior year negatively impacted revenue growth in the european geography by 3.2%.
during 2019, revenues in the cis geography increased $18.8 million, or 23.0%, from the previous year. the increase in cis revenues came predominantly from customers in russia, contributing $18.8 million of revenue growth in 2019 compared to the previous year.
revenues from customers in locations in the apac region comprised 2.4% of total revenues in 2019, a level consistent with the prior year.
discussion of revenues from 2018 as compared to 2017 is disclosed in "part ii. item 7. results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
revenues by customer concentration we have long-standing relationships with many of our customers and we seek to grow revenues from our existing customers by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements. revenues derived from these customers may fluctuate as these accounts mature or upon completion of multi-year projects. while we believe there is a significant potential for future growth as we expand our capabilities and offerings within existing customers, we continue to focus on diversification of our customer concentration and building up a portfolio of new accounts that we believe have significant revenue potential. we anticipate the contribution of these new accounts to our total revenues to increase in the mid- to long-term and offset the potential slower growth rate of some of our largest customers as those accounts mature.
we expect customer concentration from our top customers to continue to decrease over the long-term. the following table presents revenues contributed by our customers by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                           2018                                  2017
(in thousands, except percentages)
top five customers                $456,985          19.9   %            $410,987          22.3   %          $348,219          24.0   %
top ten customers                 $666,584          29.1   %            $582,539          31.6   %          $491,742          33.9   %
top twenty customers              $933,178          40.7   %            $782,771          42.5   %          $648,786          44.7   %
customers below top twenty      $1,360,620          59.3   %          $1,060,141          57.5   %          $801,662          55.3   %
the following table shows the number of customers from which we earned revenues for each year presented:
year ended december 31, revenues greater than or equal to   2019          2018          2017
$0.1 million    610           562           460
$0.5 million    402           375           316
$1 million    297           256           232
$5 million     91            81            63
$10 million     49            36            26
$20 million     22            14            10
revenues by service offering effective january 1, 2018, the company adopted asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) as amended. the adoption of this standard required various disaggregated levels of revenue to be disclosed as presented in note 9 "revenues" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. the standard also required us to consider how management views the business and provide the appropriate disclosures that would be relevant and informative under those views.
our service arrangements have been evolving to provide more customized and integrated solutions to our customers where we combine software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services. we are continually expanding our service capabilities, moving beyond traditional services into business consulting, design and physical product development. as more of our projects involve multiple competencies and different types of specialized professionals working collaboratively, it has been increasingly difficult to classify our projects into the specific service offerings that we historically presented. given the market demand for integrated customer solutions and our management's view of the business, we changed our presentation of service offerings to better reflect our business model.
our professional services engagement models vary based on the type of services provided to a customer, the mix and locations of delivery professionals involved and pricing type, which is either time-and-material or fixed-price. historically, the majority of our professional services revenues have been generated under time-and-material contracts and we expect time-and-material arrangements to continue to comprise the majority of our revenues in the foreseeable future.
31
the following table shows revenues by service offering as an amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the years indicated:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                           2018                                       2017
(in thousands, except percentages)
professional services      $2,285,303               99.7   %          $1,837,148               99.7   %          $1,429,781          98.6   %
licensing                       5,081                0.2                   4,097                0.2                   3,529           0.2
other                           3,414                0.1                   1,667                0.1                   1,147           0.1
reimbursable expenses         see (1)            see (1)                 see (1)            see (1)                  15,991           1.1
revenues                   $2,293,798              100.0   %          $1,842,912              100.0   %          $1,450,448         100.0   %
(1)   following the adoption of topic 606 on january 1, 2018, the company includes reimbursable expenses in total contract consideration and is included in professional services revenues. see note 1 "business and summary of significant accounting policies."
see note 9 "revenues" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for more information regarding our contract types and related revenue recognition policies.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
the principal components of our cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) are salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, project-related travel costs and fees for subcontractors who are assigned to customer projects. salaries and other compensation expenses of our delivery professionals are reported as cost of revenues regardless of whether the employees are actually performing customer services during a given period. our employees are a critical asset, necessary for our continued success and therefore we expect to continue hiring talented employees and providing them with competitive compensation programs.
we manage the utilization levels of our delivery professionals through strategic hiring and efficient staffing of projects. some of these professionals are hired and trained to work for specific customers or on specific projects and some of our offshore development centers are dedicated to specific customers or projects. our staff utilization also depends on the general economy and its effect on our customers and their business decisions regarding the use of our services.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was $1,488.2 million, representing an increase of 25.4% from $1,186.9 million reported last year. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation costs as a result of a 19.2% growth in the average number of production headcount for the year and a higher level of accrued variable compensation in 2019 as compared to the prior year.
expressed as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was 64.9% and 64.4% during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the year-over-year increase reflects the impact from lower utilization rates and increased stock compensation expense.
discussion of cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) from 2018 as compared to 2017 is disclosed in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses represent expenses associated with promoting and selling our services and general and administrative functions of our business. these expenses include the costs of salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, severance, bad debt, travel, legal and accounting services, insurance, facilities including operating leases, advertising and other promotional activities. in addition, we pay a membership fee of 1% of revenues generated in belarus to the administrative organization of the belarus high-technologies park. we expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute terms as our business expands but generally to remain steady as a percentage of our revenues in the foreseeable future.
our selling, general and administrative expenses have increased due to our continuously expanding operations, strategic business acquisitions, and the hiring of necessary personnel to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2019, selling, general and administrative expenses were $457.4 million, representing an increase of 22.4% as compared to $373.6 million reported last year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2019 was primarily driven by a $44.8 million increase in personnel-related costs including stock-based compensation expense and talent acquisition and development expenses, and a $28.0 million increase in facilities and infrastructure related expenses to support our growth.
expressed as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 0.4% to 19.9% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease was primarily driven by the slower growth of 19.7% in personnel-related costs including stock-based compensation expense as compared to revenue growth of 24.5%.
discussion of selling, general and administrative expenses from 2018 as compared to 2017 is disclosed in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
depreciation and amortization expense during the year ended december 31, 2019, depreciation and amortization expense was $45.3 million, representing an increase of $8.7 million from $36.6 million reported last year. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to an increase in computer equipment to support headcount growth. depreciation and amortization expense includes amortization of acquired finite-lived intangible assets. expressed as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense remained consistent at 2.0% during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018.
discussion of depreciation and amortization expense from 2018 as compared to 2017 is disclosed in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
interest and other income, net interest and other income, net includes interest earned on cash and cash equivalents and employee housing loans, gains and losses from certain financial instruments, interest expense related to our revolving credit facility and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration. there were no material changes in interest and other income, net in 2019 as compared to 2018 and 2017.
provision for income taxes determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and any potential related valuation allowances involves judgment. we consider factors that may contribute, favorably or unfavorably, to the overall annual effective tax rate in the current year as well as the future. these factors include statutory tax rates and tax law changes in the countries where we operate and excess tax benefits upon vesting or exercise of equity awards as well as consideration of any significant or unusual items.
as a global company, we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. during 2019, 2018 and 2017, we had $234.2 million, $205.2 million and $180.9 million, respectively, in income before provision for income taxes attributed to our foreign jurisdictions. changes in the geographic mix or level of annual pre-tax income can also affect our overall effective income tax rate.
our provision for income taxes also includes the impact of provisions established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related net interest and penalty expense. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we cannot provide assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from our current estimates. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, statute of limitation lapse or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
in belarus, member technology companies of high-technologies park, including our local subsidiary, have a full exemption from belarus income tax on qualifying income through january 2049. however, beginning february 1, 2018, the earnings of the company's belarus local subsidiary became subject to u.s. income taxation due to the company's decision to change the tax status of the subsidiary. consequently, there was less income tax benefit from the belarus tax exemption during 2018 compared to the previous year. there was no aggregate dollar benefit derived from this tax holiday for the year ended december 31, 2019, and the aggregate dollar benefits derived from this tax holiday approximated $1.4 million and $15.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. there was no impact on diluted net income per share for the year ended december 31, 2019. the benefit the tax holiday had on diluted net income per share approximated $0.02 and $0.28 for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
the provision for income taxes was $38.5 million in 2019 and $9.5 million in 2018, partially driven by the increase in pre-tax income year over year. the effective tax rate increased from 3.8% in 2018 to 12.8% in 2019 primarily due to one-time benefits in 2018, partially offset by an increase in excess tax benefits associated with equity award exercises and vesting which were $28.4 million in 2019 compared to $17.4 million in 2018. the provision for income taxes in 2018 included the following one-time net tax benefits:
•   we recorded a $26.0 million benefit to reflect the establishment of net deferred tax assets as a result of our decision to file entity classification elections with the internal revenue service for the majority of our foreign subsidiaries to change the tax status and to classify most of our foreign subsidiaries as disregarded for u.s. income tax purposes.
•   the provisional charge recorded in 2017 due to the one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject to u.s. income tax was reduced by $4.9 million, and the provisional charge recorded in 2017 due to the impact of the change in the u.s. statutory tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0% on the valuation of the net deferred tax assets was increased by $0.9 million.
•   based on proposed tax regulations issued by the u.s. department of the treasury during 2018, it was determined that a u.s. foreign tax credit could be claimed for the withholding tax paid to belarus resulting in a net $4.9 million tax benefit recognized in 2018.
discussion of the provision for income taxes from 2018 as compared to 2017 is disclosed in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
foreign exchange gain / loss for discussion of the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign exchange risk."
results by business segment our operations consist of three reportable segments: north america, europe, and russia. the segments represent components of epam for which separate financial information is available and used on a regular basis by our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker ("codm"), to determine how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. our codm makes business decisions based on segment revenues and segment operating profits. segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as an allocation of certain shared services expenses. certain corporate expenses are not allocated to specific segments as these expenses are not controllable at the segment level. such expenses include certain types of professional fees, non-corporate taxes, compensation to non-employee directors and certain other general and administrative expenses, including compensation of specific groups of non-production employees. in addition, the company does not allocate stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of purchased intangible assets and other acquisition-related expenses. these unallocated amounts are combined with total segment operating profit to arrive at consolidated income from operations.
we manage our business primarily based on the managerial responsibility for the client base and market. as managerial responsibility for a particular customer relationship generally correlates with the customer's geographic location, there is a high degree of similarity between customer locations and the geographic boundaries of our reportable segments. in some cases, managerial responsibility for a particular customer is assigned to a management team in another region and is usually based on the strength of the relationship between customer executives and particular members of epam's senior management team. in such cases, the customer's activity would be reported through the management team's reportable segment.
during the fourth quarter of 2019, the company changed its management reporting of segment revenues to exclude other income. prior year amounts presented below have been changed to conform to that presentation.
segment revenues from external customers and segment operating profit, before unallocated expenses, for the north america, europe and russia segments for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                  2018                      2017
(in thousands)
segment revenues:
north america                       $1,380,944                $1,076,979                  $796,040
europe                                 820,717                   692,785                   591,450
russia                                  92,137                    73,148                    62,958
total segment revenues              $2,293,798                $1,842,912                $1,450,448
segment operating profit:
north america                         $293,757                  $221,846                  $169,340
europe                                 114,863                   115,876                    92,080
russia                                  17,347                    11,377                    13,906
total segment operating profit        $425,967                  $349,099                  $275,326
during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company began to allocate certain staff recruitment and development expenses into segment operating profit as these expenses became part of the evaluation of segment management's performance. these costs were not previously allocated to segments and were included in unallocated amounts in the reconciliation of segment operating profit to consolidated income before provision for income taxes. the effect of this reclassification was not material to segment operating profit and had no impact on total income from operations for the year ended december 31, 2018.
north america segment
2019 compared to 2018
during 2019, north america segment revenues increased $304.0 million, or 28.2%, over last year. revenues from our north america segment represent 60.2% and 58.4% of total segment revenues during 2019 and 2018, respectively. during 2019 as compared to 2018, the north america segment's operating profits increased $71.9 million, or 32.4%, to $293.8 million. north america's operating profit represented 21.3% of north america segment revenues as compared to 20.6% in 2018.
revenues were negatively impacted by the reassignment of a certain customer to the europe segment from the north america segment as a result of a change in managerial responsibility. without this reassignment, north america segment revenue growth would have been 34.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018.
the following table presents north america segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                       change
2019                                                     2018                                      dollars           percentage industry vertical                                                                            (in thousands, except percentages)
software &amp; hi-tech                  $354,023                    $269,067                  $84,956              31.6       %
business information &amp; media         262,448                     251,081                   11,367               4.5       %
life sciences &amp; healthcare           224,925                     151,418                   73,507              48.5       %
travel &amp; consumer                    198,264                     177,910                   20,354              11.4       %
financial services                       184,469                     112,444                   72,025              64.1       %
emerging verticals                       156,815                     115,059                   41,756              36.3       %
revenues                              $1,380,944                  $1,076,979                 $303,965              28.2       %
software & hi-tech remained the largest industry vertical in the north america segment during the year ended december 31, 2019, growing 31.6% as compared to the prior year, which was a result of the continued focus on working with our technology customers. revenues from the financial services vertical grew in excess of 50% during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. revenues from the business information & media vertical grew 4.5% during the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the corresponding period from the prior year and were adversely impacted by the reassignment of a certain customer to the europe segment. without this reassignment, the business information & media vertical would have grown 31.8% during the year 2019 compared to the previous year.
2018 compared to 2017
north america segment revenues increased $280.9 million, or 35.3%, over 2017. revenues from our north america segment represent 58.4% and 54.9% of total segment revenues during 2018 and 2017, respectively. during 2018 as compared to 2017, the north america segment's operating profits increased $52.5 million, or 31.0%, to $221.8 million. north america's operating profit represented 20.6% of north america segment revenues as compared to 21.3% in 2017.
the following table presents north america segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                       change
2018                                                     2017                                    dollars           percentage industry vertical                                                                          (in thousands, except percentages)
software &amp; hi-tech                  $269,067                  $211,310                  $57,757              27.3       %
business information &amp; media         251,081                   192,110                   58,971              30.7       %
travel &amp; consumer                    177,910                   148,190                   29,720              20.1       %
life sciences &amp; healthcare           151,418                   105,839                   45,579              43.1       %
financial services                       112,444                    65,150                   47,294              72.6       %
emerging verticals                       115,059                    73,441                   41,618              56.7       %
revenues                              $1,076,979                  $796,040                 $280,939              35.3       %
software & hi-tech remained the largest industry vertical in the north america segment during the year ended december 31, 2018, growing 27.3% as compared to the prior year, which was a result of the continued focus on working with our technology customers. revenues from the financial services and emerging verticals grew in excess of 50% during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 substantially driven by customers we began serving in the prior 24 months.
europe segment our europe segment includes the business in the apac region, which is managed by the same management team.
2019 compared to 2018
during 2019, europe segment revenues were $820.7 million, reflecting an increase of $127.9 million, or 18.5%, from last year. revenues from our europe segment represent 35.8% and 37.6% of total segment revenues during 2019 and 2018, respectively. during 2019, this segment's operating profits decreased $1.0 million, or 0.9% as compared to last year, to $114.9 million. europe's operating profit represented 14.0% of europe segment revenues as compared to 16.7% in 2018.
revenues benefited from the reassignment of a certain customer to the europe segment from the north america segment as a result of a change in managerial responsibility. without this reassignment, europe segment revenue growth would have been 8.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018.
the following table presents europe segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                       change
2019                                                   2018                                    dollars           percentage industry vertical                                                                        (in thousands, except percentages)
financial services                    $244,284                  $252,196                  $(7,912    )         (3.1      )%
travel &amp; consumer                  229,523                   208,266                   21,257              10.2       %
business information &amp; media       157,844                    72,898                   84,946             116.5       %
software &amp; hi-tech                  77,377                    79,121                   (1,744    )         (2.2      )%
life sciences &amp; healthcare          23,444                    20,272                    3,172              15.6       %
emerging verticals                      88,245                    60,032                   28,213              47.0       %
revenues                              $820,717                  $692,785                 $127,932              18.5       %
the europe segment benefited from strong growth in the business information & media vertical of 116.5% for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018. this is primarily due to the reassignment of a certain customer to the europe segment from the north america segment as a result of a change in managerial responsibility. without this reassignment, business information & media growth would have been 22.7% for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to 2018.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, financial services remained the largest industry vertical in the europe segment, however, revenues in financial services decreased compared to 2018 primarily due to slower demand for our services by certain banks in europe. revenues in software & hi-tech also decreased during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the corresponding period of 2018 primarily due to a change in the estimate of variable consideration associated with a single customer.
2018 compared to 2017
europe segment revenues were $692.8 million, reflecting an increase of $101.3 million, or 17.1%, from 2017. revenues from our europe segment represented 37.6% and 40.8% of total segment revenues during 2018 and 2017, respectively. during 2018, this segment's operating profits increased $23.8 million, or 25.8% as compared to 2017, to $115.9 million. europe's operating profit represented 16.7% of the europe segment revenues as compared to 15.6% in 2017.
the following table presents europe segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                       change
2018                                                   2017                                    dollars           percentage industry vertical                                                                        (in thousands, except percentages)
financial services                    $252,196                  $232,283                  $19,913               8.6       %
travel &amp; consumer                  208,266                   160,112                   48,154              30.1       %
software &amp; hi-tech                  79,121                    70,620                    8,501              12.0       %
business information &amp; media        72,898                    64,089                    8,809              13.7       %
life sciences &amp; healthcare          20,272                    14,726                    5,546              37.7       %
emerging verticals                      60,032                    49,620                   10,412              21.0       %
revenues                              $692,785                  $591,450                 $101,335              17.1       %
the europe segment benefited from strong growth in the travel & consumer vertical of 30.1% for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to 2017. financial services remained the largest industry vertical in the europe segment. revenues in financial services grew less than 10% as compared to 2017 primarily due to decreasing revenues from certain customers outside of our top 5 customers.
russia segment
2019 compared to 2018
during 2019, revenues from our russia segment increased $19.0 million relative to 2018 and represent 4.0% of total segment revenues during both 2019 and 2018. operating profits of our russia segment increased $6.0 million when compared to 2018. expressed as a percentage of russia segment revenues, the segment's operating profits were 18.8% and 15.6% in 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the following table presents russia segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                       change
2019                                                                  2018               dollars             percentage industry vertical                                                                    (in thousands, except percentages)
financial services                   $72,119                 $59,337                $12,782                21.5       %
travel &amp; consumer                 11,571                   7,467                  4,104                55.0       %
software &amp; hi-tech                 1,998                   2,627                   (629    )          (23.9      )%
business information &amp; media         631                      54                    577             1,068.5       %
life sciences &amp; healthcare            83                      13                     70               538.5       %
emerging verticals                     5,735                   3,650                  2,085                57.1       %
revenues                             $92,137                 $73,148                $18,989                26.0       %
the depreciation of the russian ruble against the u.s. dollar during 2019 as compared to 2018 unfavorably impacted revenues in this segment; however, segment operating profit as a percentage of revenues improved primarily due to realized gains on our foreign currency hedges. currency fluctuations of the russian ruble typically impact the results in the russia segment. ongoing economic and geopolitical uncertainty in the region and the volatility of the russian ruble can significantly impact reported revenues and profitability in this segment. we continue to monitor geopolitical forces, economic and trade sanctions, and other issues involving this region.
2018 compared to 2017
revenues from our russia segment increased $10.2 million relative to 2017 and represent 4.0% and 4.3% of total segment revenues during 2018 and 2017, respectively. operating profits of our russia segment decreased $2.5 million when compared to 2017. expressed as a percentage of russia segment revenues, the segment's operating profits were 15.6% and 22.1% in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
year ended december 31,                                     change
2018                                                                  2017               dollars           percentage industry vertical                                                                  (in thousands, except percentages)
financial services                   $59,337                 $41,466                $17,871        43.1             %
travel &amp; consumer                  7,467                   9,113                 (1,646    )        (18.1      )%
software &amp; hi-tech                 2,627                   5,702                 (3,075    )        (53.9      )%
business information &amp; media          54                      68                    (14    )        (20.6      )%
life sciences &amp; healthcare            13                      27                    (14    )        (51.9      )%
emerging verticals                     3,650                   6,582                 (2,932    )        (44.5      )%
revenues                             $73,148                 $62,958                $10,190        16.2             %
the depreciation of the russian ruble against the u.s. dollar during 2018 as compared to 2017 significantly impacted the revenues in this segment, which were not similarly offset with the costs due to realized losses on our foreign currency hedges.
38
effects of inflation economies in some countries where we operate, particularly belarus, russia, kazakhstan, ukraine and india have periodically experienced high rates of inflation. periods of higher inflation may affect various economic sectors in those countries and increase our cost of doing business there. inflation may increase some of our expenses such as wages. while inflation may impact our results of operations and financial condition and it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation, we believe the effects of inflation on our results of operations and financial condition are not significant.
liquidity and capital resources capital resources our cash generated from operations has been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations and investments to support the growth of our business. as of december 31, 2019, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling $936.6 million and $274.7 million of available borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
we have cash in banks in belarus, russia, ukraine, kazakhstan, armenia and uzbekistan, where the banking sector remains subject to periodic instability. banking and other financial systems in these countries generally do not meet the banking standards of more developed markets and bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured. as of december 31, 2019, the total amount of cash held in these countries was $206.5 million and of this amount, $123.4 million was located in belarus.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $274.7 million available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility and had outstanding debt of $25.0 million. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all covenants specified under the credit facility and anticipate being in compliance for the foreseeable future. see note 8 "long-term debt" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding our long-term debt.
our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans and to meet our long-term capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate at which our cash flows increase or decrease and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. we may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. if our resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain another credit facility.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                               2018                    2017
(in thousands)
consolidated statements of cash flow data:
net cash provided by operating activities                                          $287,453                $292,218                $192,820
net cash used in investing activities                                              (145,369    )           (112,123    )            (36,151    )
net cash provided by financing activities                                            20,363                  23,001                  49,746
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash         3,530                 (14,240    )             11,776
net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                         $165,977                $188,856                $218,191
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period                     771,711                 582,855                 364,664
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period                          $937,688                $771,711                $582,855
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased $4.8 million, or 1.6%, to $287.5 million, as compared to 2018 primarily driven by the payout of a higher level of variable compensation related to 2018 performance, partially offset by the increase in net income. additionally, a larger improvement in days sales outstanding during 2018 compared to 2019 resulted in higher relative collections during 2018 as compared to 2019.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2019 was $145.4 million compared to $112.1 million used in the same period in 2018. during 2019, the increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures of $61.7 million compared to the same period last year, partially offset by a decrease in net cash used to acquire businesses of $34.9 million.
financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2019, net cash provided by financing activities was $20.4 million, representing a $2.6 million decrease from $23.0 million cash provided by financing activities in 2018. the decrease was primarily driven by $7.8 million in higher payments of withholding taxes related to net share settlements of restricted stock units, partially offset by a $3.5 million repayment of debt in 2018 and $2.2 million of higher cash received in 2019 from the exercises of stock options issued under our long-term incentive plans compared to 2018.
discussion of the comparison of the cash flows between 2018 and 2017 is disclosed in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
contractual obligations and future capital requirements contractual obligations set forth below is information concerning our significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019.
total            less than 1year              1-3 years            3-5 years      more than 5years
(in thousands)
operating lease obligations                               $264,049                $64,667                  $91,229              $49,621            $58,532
u.s. tax act transition tax (1)                             42,973                      -                    7,753               20,545            14,675
long-term incentive plan payouts (2)                        51,403                 25,965                   22,961                2,477            -
long-term debt obligations(3)                               27,785                  1,232                   26,553                    -            -
commitments for the purchase of long term assets (4)        53,821                 53,821                        -                    -            -
total contractual obligations                             $440,031               $145,685                 $148,496              $72,643            $73,207
(1)   the u.s. tax act transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings is payable in annual installments through 2026. see note 6 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements.
(2)   we estimate our future obligations for long-term incentive plan payouts by assuming the closing price per share of our common stock at december 31, 2019 remains constant into the future. this is an estimate as actual prices will vary over time.
(3)   our future obligations related to the 2017 credit facility consist of principal, interest and fees for the unused balance. we assume the floating interest rate in effect at december 31, 2019 will remain constant into the future. this is an estimate, as actual rates will vary over time. in addition, for the 2017 credit facility, we assume that the balance outstanding and the unused balance as of december 31, 2019 remain the same through the remaining term of the agreement. the actual respective balances under our 2017 credit facility may fluctuate significantly in future periods depending on the business decisions of management.
(4)   during the year ended december 31, 2019, we entered into agreements to purchase office space in ukraine intended to support the global delivery centers in that country. see note 14 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. we also committed to purchasing certain software licenses.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $2.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits for which we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period that may be required to settle these matters. in addition, we had recorded $10.5 million of contingent consideration liabilities as of december 31, 2019 related to the acquisitions of businesses that are not included in the table above due to the uncertainty involved with the potential payments.
see note 14 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 for information regarding contractual obligations.
future capital requirements we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents combined with our expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months and that we possess the financial flexibility to execute our strategic objectives, including the ability to make acquisitions and strategic investments in the foreseeable future. however, our ability to generate cash is subject to our performance, general economic conditions, industry trends and other factors. to the extent that existing cash and cash equivalents and operating cash flow are insufficient to fund our future activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. if we issue equity securities in order to raise additional funds, substantial dilution to existing stockholders may occur. if we raise cash through the issuance of additional indebtedness, we may be subject to additional contractual restrictions on our business. there is no assurance that we would be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all.
off-balance sheet commitments and arrangements we do not have any material obligations under guarantee contracts or other contractual arrangements other than as disclosed in note 14 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities where we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services with us.
