item 1a. risk factors the nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks. the following is a summary of some of the material risks relating to our business activities. other risks are described in item 1. "business and properties" and item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk." these risks are not the only risks we face. we could also face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the company or that we currently deem to be immaterial. if any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and the trading price of our shares could decline.
risks related to the oil and natural gas industry and our business market conditions for oil and natural gas, and particularly volatility in prices for oil and natural gas, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production and the present value of our estimated reserves.
our revenues, operating results, profitability, future rate of growth and the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. historically, oil and natural gas prices have been volatile and are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, including:
•   the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas;
•   the level of prices and expectations about future prices of oil and natural gas;
•   the level of global oil and natural gas exploration and production;
•   the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas;
•   the price and quantity of foreign imports;
•   political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, including the middle east, africa, south america and russia;
•   the ability of members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls;
•   speculative trading in crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts;
•   the level of consumer product demand;
•   weather conditions and other natural disasters;
•   risks associated with operating drilling rigs;
•   technological advances affecting energy consumption;
•   the price and availability of alternative fuels;
•   domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes;
•   the continued threat of terrorism and the impact of military and other action, including u.s. military operations in the middle east;
•   global or national health concerns, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, such as the coronavirus;
•   the proximity, cost, availability and capacity of oil and natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; and
•   overall domestic and global economic conditions.
these factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future oil and natural gas price movements with any certainty. during the past five years, the posted price for west texas intermediate light sweet crude oil, which we refer to as wti futures contract 1 price for crude oil has ranged from a low of $26.21 per barrel, or bbl, in february 2016 to a high of $76.41 per bbl in october 2018. the natural gas futures contract 1 price spot market price of natural gas has ranged from a low of $1.64 per mmbtu in march 2016 to a high of $4.84 per mmbtu in november 2018. during 2019, wti futures contract 1 prices ranged from $46.54 to $66.30 per bbl and the natural gas futures contract 1 spot market price of natural gas ranged from $2.07 to $3.59 per mmbtu. on january 31, 2020, the wti futures contract 1 posted price for crude oil was $51.56 per bbl and the natural gas futures contract 1 spot market price of natural gas was $1.84 per mmbtu, representing decreases of 22% and 49%, respectively, from the high of $66.30 per bbl of oil and $3.59 per mmbtu for natural gas during 2019. in response to recent volatility in commodity prices, many producers have reduced their capital expenditure budgets. if the prices of oil and natural gas decline further, our operations, financial condition and level of expenditures for the development of our oil and natural gas reserves may be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, lower oil and natural gas prices may reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically. this may result in our having to make substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. if this occurs or if our production estimates change or our exploration or development activities are curtailed, full cost accounting rules may require us to write down, as a non-cash charge to earnings, the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties. reductions in our reserves could also negatively impact the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility, which could further limit our liquidity and ability to conduct additional exploration and development activities.
concerns over general economic, business or industry conditions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
concerns over global economic conditions, energy costs, geopolitical issues, inflation, the availability and cost of credit, the european, asian and the united states financial markets have in the past contributed, and may in the future contribute, to economic uncertainty and diminished expectations for the global economy. in addition, continued hostilities in the middle east, the occurrence or threat of terrorist attacks in the united states or other countries and global or national health concerns could adversely affect the global economy. these factors, combined with volatility in commodity prices, business and consumer confidence and unemployment rates, may precipitate an economic slowdown. concerns about global economic growth may have an adverse impact on global financial markets and commodity prices. if the economic climate in the united states or abroad deteriorates, worldwide demand for petroleum products could diminish, which could impact the price at which we can sell our production, affect the ability of our vendors, suppliers and customers to continue operations and ultimately adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
a significant portion of our net leasehold acreage is undeveloped, and that acreage may not ultimately be developed or become commercially productive, which could cause us to lose rights under our leases as well as have a material adverse effect on our oil and natural gas reserves and future production and, therefore, our future cash flow and income.
a significant portion of our net leasehold acreage is undeveloped, or acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. in addition, many of our oil and natural gas leases require us to drill wells that are commercially productive, and if we are unsuccessful in drilling such wells, we could lose our rights under such leases. our future oil and natural gas reserves and production and, therefore, our future cash flow and income are highly dependent on successfully developing our undeveloped leasehold acreage.
our development and exploration operations and our ability to complete acquisitions require substantial capital and we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves.
the oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. we make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures in our business and operations for the exploration for and development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. in 2019, our total capital expenditures, including expenditures for leasehold acquisitions, drilling and infrastructure, were approximately $3.1 billion. our 2020 capital budget for drilling, completion and infrastructure, including investments in water disposal infrastructure and gathering line projects, is currently estimated to be approximately $2.8 billion to $3.0 billion, representing an increase of 1% over our 2019 capital budget. since completing our initial public offering in october 2012, we have financed capital expenditures primarily with borrowings under our revolving credit facility, cash generated by operations and the net proceeds from public offerings of our common stock and the senior notes.
we intend to finance our future capital expenditures with cash flow from operations, proceeds from offerings of our debt and equity securities and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including:
•   our proved reserves;
•   the volume of oil and natural gas we are able to produce from existing wells;
•   the prices at which our oil and natural gas are sold;
•   our ability to acquire, locate and produce economically new reserves; and
•   our ability to borrow under our credit facility.
we cannot assure you that our operations and other capital resources will provide cash in sufficient amounts to maintain planned or future levels of capital expenditures. further, our actual capital expenditures in 2020 could exceed our capital expenditure budget. in the event our capital expenditure requirements at any time are greater than the amount of capital we have available, we could be required to seek additional sources of capital, which may include traditional reserve base borrowings, debt financing, joint venture partnerships, production payment financings, sales of assets, offerings of debt or equity securities or other means. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms favorable to us, or at all.
if we are unable to fund our capital requirements, we may be required to curtail our operations relating to the exploration and development of our prospects, which in turn could lead to a possible loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves, or we may be otherwise unable to implement our development plan, complete acquisitions or take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our production, revenues and results of operations. in addition, a delay in or the failure to complete proposed or future infrastructure projects could delay or eliminate potential efficiencies and related cost savings.
our success depends on finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves.
our future success depends upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable. our proved reserves will generally decline as reserves are depleted, except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration or development activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both. to increase reserves and production, we undertake development, exploration and other replacement activities or use third parties to accomplish these activities. we have made, and expect to make in the future, substantial capital expenditures in our business and operations for the development, production, exploration and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. we may not have sufficient resources to acquire additional reserves or to undertake exploration, development, production or other replacement activities, such activities may not result in significant additional reserves and we may not have success drilling productive wells at low finding and development costs. if we are unable to replace our current production, the value of our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. furthermore, although our revenues may increase if prevailing oil and natural gas prices increase significantly, our finding costs for additional reserves could also increase.
our failure to successfully identify, complete and integrate pending and future acquisitions of properties or businesses could reduce our earnings and slow our growth.
there is intense competition for acquisition opportunities in our industry. the successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including:
•   recoverable reserves;
•   future oil and natural gas prices and their applicable differentials;
•   operating costs; and
•   potential environmental and other liabilities.
the accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. in connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. even when problems are identified, the seller may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection against all or part of the problems. even if we do identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms.
competition for acquisitions may increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions. our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. further, these acquisitions may be in geographic regions in which we do not currently operate, which could result in unforeseen operating difficulties and difficulties in coordinating geographically dispersed operations, personnel and facilities. in addition, if we enter into new geographic markets, we may be subject to additional and unfamiliar legal and regulatory requirements. compliance with regulatory requirements may impose substantial additional obligations on us and our management, cause us to expend additional time and resources in compliance activities and increase our exposure to penalties or fines for non-compliance with such additional legal requirements. further, the success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to integrate effectively the acquired business into our existing operations. the process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. in addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those paid for earlier acquisitions.
no assurance can be given that we will be able to identify additional suitable acquisition opportunities, negotiate acceptable terms, obtain financing for acquisitions on acceptable terms or successfully acquire identified targets. our failure to achieve consolidation savings, to integrate the acquired businesses and assets into our existing operations successfully or to minimize any unforeseen operational difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. the inability to effectively manage the integration of acquisitions, including our recently completed and pending acquisitions, could reduce our focus on subsequent acquisitions and current operations, which, in turn, could negatively impact our earnings and growth. our financial position and results of operations may fluctuate significantly from period to period, based on whether or not significant acquisitions are completed in particular periods.
properties we acquire may not produce as projected, and we may be unable to determine reserve potential, identify liabilities associated with the properties that we acquire or obtain protection from sellers against such liabilities.
acquiring oil and natural gas properties requires us to assess reservoir and infrastructure characteristics, including recoverable reserves, development and operating costs and potential environmental and other liabilities. such assessments are inexact and inherently uncertain. in connection with the assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties, but such a review will not necessarily reveal all existing or potential problems. in the course of our due diligence, we may not inspect every well or pipeline. we cannot necessarily observe structural and environmental problems, such as pipe corrosion, when an inspection is made. we may not be able to obtain contractual indemnities from the seller for liabilities created prior to our purchase of the property. we may be required to assume the risk of the physical condition of the properties in addition to the risk that the properties may not perform in accordance with our expectations.
we may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties in which we invest.
it is our practice in acquiring oil and natural gas leases or interests not to incur the expense of retaining lawyers to examine the title to the mineral interest. rather, we rely upon the judgment of oil and gas lease brokers or landmen who perform the fieldwork in examining records in the appropriate governmental office before attempting to acquire a lease in a specific mineral interest. the existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
prior to the drilling of an oil or natural gas well, however, it is the normal practice in our industry for the person or company acting as the operator of the well to obtain a preliminary title review to ensure there are no obvious defects in title to the well. frequently, as a result of such examinations, certain curative work must be done to correct defects in the marketability of the title, and such curative work entails expense. our failure to cure any title defects may delay or prevent us from utilizing the associated mineral interest, which may adversely impact our ability in the future to increase production and reserves. additionally, undeveloped acreage has greater risk of title defects than developed acreage. if there are any title defects or defects in the assignment of leasehold rights in properties in which we hold an interest, we will suffer a financial loss.
our project areas, which are in various stages of development, may not yield oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities.
our project areas are in various stages of development, ranging from project areas with current drilling or production activity to project areas that consist of recently acquired leasehold acreage or that have limited drilling or production history. if future wells or the wells in the process of being completed do not produce sufficient revenues to return a profit or if we drill dry holes in the future, our business may be materially affected.
our identified potential drilling locations, which are part of our anticipated future drilling plans, are susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling.
at an assumed price of approximately $60.00 per bbl wti, we currently have approximately 12,310 gross (8,141 net) identified economic potential horizontal drilling locations in multiple horizons on our acreage. as of december 31, 2019, only 477 of our gross identified potential horizontal drilling locations were attributed to proved reserves. these drilling locations, including those without proved undeveloped reserves, represent a significant part of our growth strategy. our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including the availability of capital, construction of infrastructure, inclement weather, regulatory changes and approvals, oil and natural gas prices, costs, drilling results and the availability of water. further, our identified potential drilling locations are in various stages of evaluation, ranging from locations that are ready to drill to locations that will require substantial additional interpretation. in addition, we have identified approximately 3,382 horizontal drilling locations in intervals in which we have drilled very few or no wells, which are necessarily more speculative and based on results from other operators whose acreage may not be consistent with ours. we cannot predict in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular drilling location will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling or
30
completion costs or to be economically viable. the use of technologies and the study of producing fields in the same area will not enable us to know conclusively prior to drilling whether oil or natural gas will be present or, if present, whether oil or natural gas will be present in sufficient quantities to be economically viable. even if sufficient amounts of oil or natural gas exist, we may damage the potentially productive hydrocarbon bearing formation or experience mechanical difficulties while drilling or completing the well, possibly resulting in a reduction in production from the well or abandonment of the well. if we drill additional wells that we identify as dry holes in our current and future drilling locations, our drilling success rate may decline and materially harm our business. through december 31, 2019, we are the operator of, have participated in, or have acquired a total of 1,770 horizontal wells completed on our acreage, we cannot assure you that the analogies we draw from available data from these or other wells, more fully explored locations or producing fields will be applicable to our drilling locations. further, initial production rates reported by us or other operators in the permian basin may not be indicative of future or long-term production rates. because of these uncertainties, we do not know if the potential drilling locations we have identified will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce oil or natural gas from these or any other potential drilling locations. as such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified, which could adversely affect our business.
multi-well pad drilling may result in volatility in our operating results.
we utilize multi-well pad drilling where practical. because wells drilled on a pad are not brought into production until all wells on the pad are drilled and completed and the drilling rig is moved from the location, multi-well pad drilling delays the commencement of production, which may cause volatility in our quarterly operating results.
our acreage must be drilled before lease expiration, generally within three to five years, in order to hold the acreage by production. in a highly competitive market for acreage, failure to drill sufficient wells to hold acreage may result in a substantial lease renewal cost or, if renewal is not feasible, loss of our lease and prospective drilling opportunities.
leases on oil and natural gas properties typically have a term of three to five years, after which they expire unless, prior to expiration, production is established within the spacing units covering the undeveloped acres. as of december 31, 2019, we had leases representing 42,421 net acres expiring in 2020, 7,626 net acres expiring in 2021, 2,387 net acres expiring in 2022, 4,919 net acres expiring in 2023 and no net acres expiring in 2024. the cost to renew such leases may increase significantly, and we may not be able to renew such leases on commercially reasonable terms or at all. any reduction in our current drilling program, either through a reduction in capital expenditures or the unavailability of drilling rigs, could result in the loss of acreage through lease expirations. in addition, in order to hold our current leases expiring in 2020, we will need to operate at least a one-rig program. we cannot assure you that we will have the liquidity to deploy these rigs in this time frame, or that commodity prices will warrant operating such a drilling program. any such losses of leases could materially and adversely affect the growth of our asset basis, cash flows and results of operations.
we have entered into fixed price swap contracts, fixed price basis swap contracts, double-up swap contracts and three-way collars with corresponding put, short put and call options and may in the future enter into forward sale contracts or additional fixed price swap, fixed price basis swap, double-up swap derivatives or three-way collars for a portion of our production. although we have hedged a portion of our estimated 2020 and 2021 production, we may still be adversely affected by continuing and prolonged declines in the price of oil.
we use fixed price swap contracts, fixed price basis swap contracts, double-up swap contracts and three-way collars with corresponding put, short put and call options to reduce price volatility associated with certain of our oil and natural gas sales. under these swap contracts, we receive a fixed price per barrel of oil and pay a floating market price per barrel of oil to the counterparty based on nymex wti pricing. the fixed-price payment and the floating-price payment are offset, resulting in a net amount due to or from the counterparty. under our three-way collar contracts, the counterparty is required to make a payment to us if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the ceiling price to a maximum of the difference between the floor price and the short put price. we are required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any settlement period is greater than the ceiling price. if the settlement price is between the floor and the ceiling price, there is no payment required.
to the extent that the prices of oil and natural gas remain at current levels or decline further, we may not be able to economically hedge future production at the same level as our current hedges, and our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted. for additional information regarding our outstanding derivative contracts as of december 31, 2019, see note 15-derivatives to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
our derivative transactions expose us to counterparty credit risk.
by using derivative instruments to economically hedge exposure to changes in commodity prices, we expose ourselves to credit risk. credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. when the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk. we do not require collateral from our counterparties. we have entered into derivative instruments only with counterparties that are also lenders in our credit facility and have been deemed an acceptable credit risk by us.
if production from our permian basin acreage decreases due to decreased developmental activities, production related difficulties or otherwise, we may fail to meet our obligations to deliver specified quantities of oil under our oil purchase contract, which will result in deficiency payments to the counterparty and may have an adverse effect on our operations.
we are a party to long-term crude oil agreements with trafigura, plains, shell and vitol under which, subject to certain terms and conditions, we are obligated to deliver specified quantities of oil to such companies. our maximum delivery obligation under these agreements varies for different periods and depends in some cases upon certain conditions, such as the in-service dates for the gray oak pipeline and the epic pipeline as described in this report. see "business and properties-marketing and customers" above. if production from our permian basin acreage decreases due to decreased developmental activities, as a result of the low commodity price environment, production related difficulties or otherwise, we may be unable to meet our obligations under our oil purchase agreements, which may result in deficiency payments to certain counterparties or a default under such agreements and may have an adverse effect on our company.
the inability of one or more of our customers to meet their obligations may adversely affect our financial results.
in addition to credit risk related to receivables from commodity derivative contracts, our principal exposure to credit risk is through receivables from joint interest owners on properties we operate (approximately $186 million at december 31, 2019) and receivables from purchasers of our oil and natural gas production (approximately $429 million at december 31, 2019). joint interest receivables arise from billing entities that own partial interests in the wells we operate. these entities participate in our wells primarily based on their ownership in leases on which we wish to drill. we are generally unable to control which co-owners participate in our wells.
we are also subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our oil and natural gas receivables with several significant customers. for the year ended december 31, 2019, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue: shell (27%); plains (23%); and vitol (15%). for the year ended december 31, 2018, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue: shell (26%); koch (15%); and occidental energy marketing inc. (11%). for the year ended december 31, 2017, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue: shell (31%); koch (19%); and enterprise crude oil llc (11%). no other customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue during these periods. this concentration of customers may impact our overall credit risk in that these entities may be similarly affected by changes in economic and other conditions. current economic circumstances may further increase these risks. we do not require our customers to post collateral. the inability or failure of our significant customers or joint working interest owners to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may materially adversely affect our financial results.
our method of accounting for investments in oil and natural gas properties may result in impairment of asset value.
we account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are capitalized. we also capitalize direct operating costs for services performed with internally owned drilling and well servicing equipment. all general and administrative corporate costs unrelated to drilling activities are expensed as incurred. sales or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to proved reserves would significantly change. income from services provided to working interest owners of properties in which we also own an interest, to the extent they exceed related costs incurred, are accounted for as reductions of capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties. depletion of evaluated oil and natural gas properties is computed on the units of production method, whereby capitalized costs plus estimated future development costs are amortized over total proved reserves. the average depletion rate per barrel equivalent unit of production was $13.54, $12.62 and $11.11 for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for oil and natural gas properties for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 was $1.4 billion, $595 million and $321 million, respectively.
the net capitalized costs of proved oil and natural gas properties are subject to a full cost ceiling limitation in which the costs are not allowed to exceed their related estimated future net revenues discounted at 10%. to the extent capitalized costs of evaluated oil and natural gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment, exceed the discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. beginning december 31, 2009, we have used the unweighted arithmetic average first day of the month price for oil and natural gas for the 12-month period preceding the calculation date in estimating discounted future net revenues.
an impairment on proved oil and natural gas properties of $790 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2019. no impairments on proved oil and natural gas properties were recorded for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017. see item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies and estimates-method of accounting for oil and natural gas properties" for a more detailed description of our method of accounting.
our estimated reserves and eurs are based on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.
oil and natural gas reserve engineering is not an exact science and requires subjective estimates of underground accumulations of oil and natural gas and assumptions concerning future oil and natural gas prices, production levels, ultimate recoveries and operating and development costs. as a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves, projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may be incorrect. our historical estimates of proved reserves as of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 (which include those attributable to viper) are based on reports prepared by ryder scott, which conducted a well-by-well review of all our properties for the periods covered by its reserve reports using information provided by us. the eurs for our horizontal wells are based on management's internal estimates. over time, we may make material changes to reserve estimates taking into account the results of actual drilling, testing and production. also, certain assumptions regarding future oil and natural gas prices, production levels and operating and development costs may prove incorrect. any significant variance from these assumptions to actual figures could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of oil and natural gas attributable to any particular group of properties, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows. a substantial portion of our reserve estimates are made without the benefit of a lengthy production history, which are less reliable than estimates based on a lengthy production history. numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of oil and natural gas that we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates.  reserve estimates do not include any value for probable or possible reserves that may exist, nor do they include any value for unproved undeveloped acreage. the reserve estimates represent our net revenue interest in our properties.
the estimates of reserves as of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 included in this report were prepared using an average price equal to the unweighted arithmetic average of hydrocarbon prices received on a field-by-field basis on the first day of each month within the 12-month periods december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, in accordance with the sec guidelines applicable to reserve estimates for such periods.
the timing of both our production and our incurrence of costs in connection with the development and production of oil and natural gas properties will affect the timing of actual future net cash flows from proved reserves.
the standardized measure of our estimated proved reserves and our pv-10 are not necessarily the same as the current market value of our estimated proved oil reserves.
the present value of future net cash flow from our proved reserves, or standardized measure, and our related pv-10 calculation, may not represent the current market value of our estimated proved oil reserves. in accordance with sec requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net cash flow from our estimated proved reserves on the 12-month average oil index prices, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average for the first-day-of-the-month price for each month and costs in effect as of the date of the estimate, holding the prices and costs constant throughout the life of the properties.
actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate, and future net present value estimates using then current prices and costs may be significantly less than current estimates. in addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flow for reporting requirements in compliance with the financial accounting standard board codification 932, "extractive activities-oil and gas," may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and natural gas industry in general.
sec rules could limit our ability to book additional proved undeveloped reserves in the future.
sec rules require that, subject to limited exceptions, proved undeveloped reserves may only be booked if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years after the date of booking. this requirement has limited and may continue to limit our ability to book additional proved undeveloped reserves as we pursue our drilling program. moreover, we may be required to write down our proved undeveloped reserves if we do not drill those wells within the required five-year timeframe because they have become uneconomic or otherwise.
the development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate.
approximately 33% of our total estimated proved reserves as of december 31, 2019, were proved undeveloped reserves and may not be ultimately developed or produced. recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. the reserve data included in the reserve reports of our independent petroleum engineers assume that substantial capital expenditures are required to develop such reserves. we cannot be certain that the estimated costs of the development of these reserves are accurate, that development will occur as scheduled or that the results of such development will be as estimated. delays in the development of our reserves, increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves, or further decreases in commodity prices will reduce the future net revenues of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomical. in addition, delays in the development of reserves could force us to reclassify certain of our proved reserves as unproved reserves.
our producing properties are located in the permian basin of west texas, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating in a single geographic area. in addition, we have a large amount of proved reserves attributable to a small number of producing horizons within this area.
all of our producing properties are currently geographically concentrated in the permian basin of west texas. as a result of this concentration, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints, availability of equipment, facilities, personnel or services market limitations or interruption of the processing or transportation of crude oil, natural gas or natural gas liquids. in addition, the effect of fluctuations on supply and demand may become more pronounced within specific geographic oil and natural gas producing areas such as the permian basin, which may cause these conditions to occur with greater frequency or magnify the effects of these conditions. due to the concentrated nature of our portfolio of properties, a number of our properties could experience any of the same conditions at the same time, resulting in a relatively greater impact on our results of operations than they might have on other companies that have a more diversified portfolio of properties. such delays or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to the geographic concentration of our producing properties described above, as of december 31, 2019, all of our proved reserves were attributable to the wolfberry play in the midland basin. this concentration of assets within a small number of producing horizons exposes us to additional risks, such as changes in field-wide rules and regulations that could cause us to permanently or temporarily shut-in all of our wells within a field.
we depend upon several significant purchasers for the sale of most of our oil and natural gas production. the loss of one or more of these purchasers could, among other factors, limit our access to suitable markets for the oil and natural gas we produce.
the availability of a ready market for any oil and/or natural gas we produce depends on numerous factors beyond the control of our management, including but not limited to the extent of domestic production and imports of oil, the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines, the availability of skilled labor, materials and equipment, the effect of state and federal regulation of oil and natural gas production and federal regulation of natural gas sold in interstate commerce. in addition, we depend upon several significant purchasers for the sale of most of our oil and natural gas production. for the year ended december 31, 2019, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue: shell (27%); plains (23%); and vitol (15%). for the year ended december 31, 2018, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue: shell (26%); koch (15%); and occidental energy marketing inc. (11%). for the year ended december 31, 2017, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue: shell (31%); koch (19%); and enterprise crude oil llc (11%). no other customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue during these periods. we cannot assure you that we will continue to have ready access to suitable markets for our future oil and natural gas production. the loss of one or more of these customers, and our inability to sell our production to other customers on terms we consider acceptable, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
the unavailability, high cost or shortages of rigs, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel may restrict our operations.
the oil and natural gas industry is cyclical, which can result in shortages of drilling rigs, equipment, raw materials (particularly sand and other proppants), supplies and personnel. when shortages occur, the costs and delivery times of rigs, equipment and supplies increase and demand for, and wage rates of, qualified drilling rig crews also rise with increases in demand. we cannot predict whether these conditions will exist in the future and, if so, what their timing and duration will be. in accordance with customary industry practice, we rely on independent third party service providers to provide most of the services necessary to drill new wells. if we are unable to secure a sufficient number of drilling rigs at reasonable costs, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and we may not be able to drill all of our acreage before our leases expire. in addition, we do not have long-term contracts securing the use of our existing rigs, and the operator of those rigs may choose to cease providing services to us. shortages of drilling rigs, equipment, raw materials (particularly sand and other proppants), supplies, personnel, trucking services, tubulars, fracking and completion services and production equipment could delay or restrict our exploration and development operations, which in turn could impair our financial condition and results of operations.
our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
water is an essential component of deep shale oil and natural gas production during both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. historically, we have been able to purchase water from local land owners for use in our operations. over the past several years, texas has experienced extreme drought conditions. as a result of this severe drought, some local water districts have begun restricting the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for hydraulic fracturing to protect local water supply. if we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, or we are unable to effectively utilize flowback water, we may be unable to economically drill for or produce oil and natural gas, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may have difficulty managing growth in our business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our business operations have grown substantially since our initial public offering in october 2012 and we expect our business operations to continue to grow in the future. as we expand our activities and increase the number of projects we are evaluating or in which we participate, there will be additional demands on our financial, technical, operational and management resources. the failure to continue to upgrade our technical, administrative, operating and financial control systems or the occurrences of unexpected expansion difficulties, including the failure to recruit and retain experienced managers, geologists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and natural gas industry, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to timely execute our business plan.
we have incurred losses from operations during certain periods since our inception and may do so in the future.
our development of and participation in an increasingly larger number of drilling locations has required and will continue to require substantial capital expenditures. the uncertainty and risks described in this report may impede our ability to economically find, develop and acquire oil and natural gas reserves. as a result, we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flows from our operating activities in the future.
part of our strategy involves drilling in existing or emerging shale plays using the latest available horizontal drilling and completion techniques; therefore, the results of our planned exploratory drilling in these plays are subject to risks associated with drilling and completion techniques and drilling results may not meet our expectations for reserves or production.
our operations involve utilizing the latest drilling and completion techniques as developed by us and our service providers. risks that we face while drilling include, but are not limited to, landing our well bore in the desired drilling zone, staying in the desired drilling zone while drilling horizontally through the formation, running our casing the entire length of the well bore and being able to run tools and other equipment consistently through the horizontal well bore. risks that we face while completing our wells include, but are not limited to, being able to fracture stimulate the planned number of stages, being able to run tools the entire length of the well bore during completion operations and successfully cleaning out the well bore after completion of the final fracture stimulation stage. in addition, to the extent we engage in horizontal drilling, those activities may adversely affect our ability to successfully drill in one or more of our identified vertical drilling locations. furthermore, certain of the new techniques we are adopting, such as infill drilling and multi-well pad drilling, may cause irregularities or interruptions in production due to, in the case of infill drilling, offset wells being shut in and, in the case of multi-well pad drilling, the time required to drill and complete multiple wells before any such wells begin producing. the results of our drilling in new or emerging formations are more uncertain initially than drilling results in areas that are more developed and have a longer history of established production. newer or emerging formations and areas often have limited or no production history and consequently we are less able to predict future drilling results in these areas.
ultimately, the success of these drilling and completion techniques can only be evaluated over time as more wells are drilled and production profiles are established over a sufficiently long time period. if our drilling results are less than anticipated or we are unable to execute our drilling program because of capital constraints, lease expirations, access to gathering systems, and/or declines in natural gas and oil prices, the return on our investment in these areas may not be as attractive as we anticipate. further, as a result of any of these developments we could incur material write-downs of our oil and natural gas properties and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline in the future.
conservation measures and technological advances could reduce demand for oil and natural gas.
fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to oil and natural gas, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices could reduce demand for oil and natural gas. the impact of the changing demand for oil and natural gas services and products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the marketability of our production is dependent upon transportation and other facilities, certain of which we do not control. if these facilities are unavailable, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced.
the marketability of our oil and natural gas production depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation facilities owned by third parties. our oil production is transported from the wellhead to our tank batteries by our gathering system, which interconnects with third party pipelines. our natural gas production is generally transported by our gathering lines from the wellhead to an interconnection point with the purchaser. we do not control third party transportation facilities and our access to them may be limited or denied. insufficient production from our wells to support the construction of pipeline facilities by our purchasers or a significant disruption in the availability of our or third party transportation facilities or other production facilities could adversely impact our ability to deliver to market or produce our oil and natural gas and thereby cause a significant interruption in our operations. for example, on certain occasions we have experienced high line pressure at our tank batteries with occasional flaring due to the inability of the gas gathering systems in the areas in which we operate to support the increased production of natural gas in the permian basin. if, in the future, we are unable, for any sustained period, to implement acceptable delivery or transportation arrangements or encounter production related difficulties, we may be required to shut in or curtail production. in addition, the amount of oil and natural gas that can be produced and sold may be subject to curtailment in certain other circumstances outside of our control, such as pipeline interruptions due to maintenance, excessive pressure, ability of downstream processing facilities to accept unprocessed gas, physical damage to the gathering or transportation system or lack of contracted capacity on such systems. the curtailments arising from these and similar circumstances may last from a few days to several months, and in many cases, we are provided with limited, if any, notice as to when these circumstances will arise and their duration. any such shut in or curtailment, or an inability to obtain favorable terms for delivery of the oil and natural gas produced from our fields, would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations which require compliance that can be burdensome and expensive.
our oil and natural gas operations are subject to various federal, state and local governmental regulations that may be changed from time to time in response to economic and political conditions. matters subject to regulation include discharge permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds, reports concerning operations, the spacing of wells, unitization and pooling of properties and taxation. from time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of oil and natural gas wells below actual production capacity to conserve supplies of oil and gas. in addition, the production, handling, storage, transportation, remediation, emission and disposal of oil and natural gas, by-products thereof and other substances and materials produced or used in connection with oil and natural gas operations are subject to regulation under federal, state and local laws and regulations primarily relating to protection of human health and the environment. failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, permit revocations, requirements for additional pollution controls and injunctions limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. moreover, these laws and regulations imposed strict requirements for water and air pollution control and solid waste management. significant expenditures may be required to comply with governmental laws and regulations applicable to us. even if federal regulatory burdens temporarily ease, the historic trend of more expansive and stricter environmental legislation and regulations may continue in the long-term, and at the state and local levels. see item 1. "business-regulation" for a description of certain laws and regulations that affect us.
federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays.
hydraulic fracturing is an important common practice that is used to stimulate production of hydrocarbons from tight formations, including shales. the process, which involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production, is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions. however, legislation has been proposed in recent sessions of congress to amend the safe drinking water act to repeal the exemption for hydraulic fracturing from the definition of "underground injection," to require federal permitting and regulatory control of hydraulic fracturing, and to require disclosure of the chemical constituents of the fluids used in the fracturing process. furthermore, several federal agencies have asserted regulatory authority over certain aspects of the process. for example, the epa has taken the position that hydraulic fracturing with fluids containing diesel fuel is subject to regulation under the underground injection control program, specifically as "class ii" underground injection control wells under the safe drinking water act.
on june 28, 2016, the epa published a final rule prohibiting the discharge of wastewater from onshore unconventional oil and natural gas extraction facilities to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. the epa is also conducting a study of private wastewater treatment facilities (also known as centralized waste treatment, or cwt, facilities) accepting oil and natural gas extraction wastewater. the epa is collecting data and information related to the extent to which cwt facilities accept such wastewater, available treatment technologies (and their associated costs), discharge characteristics, financial characteristics of cwt facilities, and the environmental impacts of discharges from cwt facilities.
on august 16, 2012, the epa published final regulations under the federal clean air act that establish new air emission controls for oil and natural gas production and natural gas processing operations. specifically, the epa's rule package includes new source performance standards to address emissions of sulfur dioxide and volatile organic compounds and a separate set of emission standards to address hazardous air pollutants frequently associated with oil and natural gas production and processing activities. the final rules seek to achieve a 95% reduction in volatile organic compounds emitted by requiring the use of reduced emission completions or "green completions" on all hydraulically-fractured wells constructed or refractured after january 1, 2015. the epa received numerous requests for reconsideration of these rules from both industry and the environmental community, and court challenges to the rules were also filed. in response, the epa has issued, and will likely continue to issue, revised rules responsive to some of the requests for reconsideration. for a more detailed discussion of federal laws concerning hydraulic fracturing, see "items 1 and 2. business and properties-regulation-regulation of hydraulic fracturing."
furthermore, there are certain governmental reviews either underway or being proposed that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. on december 13, 2016, the epa released a study examining the potential for hydraulic fracturing activities to impact drinking water resources, finding that, under some circumstances, the use of water in hydraulic fracturing activities can impact drinking water resources. also, on february 6, 2015, the epa released a report with findings and recommendations related to public concern about induced seismic activity from disposal wells. the report recommends strategies for managing and minimizing the potential for significant injection-induced seismic events. other governmental agencies, including the u.s. department of energy, the u.s. geological survey, and the u.s. government accountability office, have evaluated or are evaluating various other aspects of hydraulic fracturing. these ongoing or proposed studies could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing, and could ultimately make it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing and increase our costs of compliance and doing business.
several states, including texas, and local jurisdictions, have adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations that could restrict or prohibit hydraulic fracturing in certain circumstances, impose more stringent operating standards and/or require the disclosure of the composition of hydraulic fracturing fluids. for a more detailed discussion of state and local laws and initiatives concerning hydraulic fracturing, see "items 1 and 2. business and properties-regulation-regulation of hydraulic fracturing." we use hydraulic fracturing extensively in connection with the development and production of certain of our oil and natural gas properties and any increased federal, state, local, foreign or international regulation of hydraulic fracturing could reduce the volumes of oil and natural gas that we can economically recover, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
there has been increasing public controversy regarding hydraulic fracturing with regard to the use of fracturing fluids, induced seismic activity, impacts on drinking water supplies, use of water and the potential for impacts to surface water, groundwater and the environment generally. a number of lawsuits and enforcement actions have been initiated across the country implicating hydraulic fracturing practices. if new laws or regulations that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing are adopted, such laws could make it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing to stimulate production from tight formations as well as make it easier for third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process to initiate legal proceedings based on allegations that specific chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect groundwater. in addition, if hydraulic fracturing is further regulated at the federal, state or local level, our fracturing activities could become subject to additional permitting and financial assurance requirements, more stringent construction specifications, increased monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping obligations, plugging and abandonment requirements and also to attendant permitting delays and potential increases in costs. such changes could cause us to incur substantial compliance costs, and compliance or the consequences of any failure to comply by us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. at this time, it is not possible to estimate the impact on our business of newly enacted or potential federal, state or local laws governing hydraulic fracturing.
our operations may be exposed to significant delays, costs and liabilities as a result of environmental, health and safety requirements applicable to our business activities.
we may incur significant delays, costs and liabilities as a result of federal, state and local environmental, health and safety requirements applicable to our exploration, development and production activities. these laws and regulations may, among other things: (i) require us to obtain a variety of permits or other authorizations governing our air emissions, water discharges, waste disposal or other environmental impacts associated with drilling, producing and other operations; (ii) regulate the sourcing and disposal of water used in the drilling, fracturing and completion processes; (iii) limit or prohibit drilling activities in certain areas and on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands, ecologically or seismically sensitive areas; (iv) require remedial action to prevent or mitigate pollution from former operations such as plugging abandoned wells or closing earthen pits; and/or (v) impose substantial liabilities for spills, pollution or failure to comply with regulatory filings. in addition, these laws and regulations may restrict the rate of oil or natural gas production. these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become increasingly stringent over time. failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, imposition of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, the suspension or revocation of necessary permits, licenses and authorizations, the requirement that additional pollution controls be installed and, in some instances, issuance of orders or injunctions limiting or requiring discontinuation of certain operations. under certain environmental laws that impose strict as well as joint and several liability, we may be required to remediate contaminated properties currently or formerly operated by us or facilities of third parties that received waste generated by our operations regardless of whether such contamination resulted from the conduct of others or from consequences of our own actions that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time those actions were taken. in addition, claims for damages to persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the environmental, health and safety impacts of our operations. in addition, the risk of accidental and/or unpermitted spills or releases from our operations could expose us to significant liabilities, penalties and other sanctions under applicable laws. to the extent laws are enacted or other governmental action is taken that restricts drilling or imposes more stringent and costly operating, waste handling, disposal and cleanup requirements, our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
restrictions on drilling activities intended to protect certain species of wildlife may adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities in some of the areas where we operate.
oil and natural gas operations in our operating areas can be adversely affected by seasonal or permanent restrictions on drilling activities designed to protect various wildlife. seasonal restrictions may limit our ability to operate in protected areas and can intensify competition for drilling rigs, oilfield equipment, services, supplies and qualified personnel, which may lead to periodic shortages when drilling is allowed. these constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay our operations and materially increase our operating and capital costs. permanent restrictions imposed to protect threatened or endangered species could prohibit drilling in certain areas or require the implementation of expensive mitigation measures. the designation of previously unprotected species in areas where we operate as threatened or endangered could cause us to incur increased costs arising from species protection measures or could result in limitations on our exploration and production activities that could have an adverse impact on our ability to develop and produce our reserves.
derivatives reform legislation and related regulations could have an adverse effect on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business.
the july 2010 dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, which we refer to as dodd-frank act, provides for federal oversight of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities that participate in that market and mandates that the commodity futures trading commission, which we refer to as the cftc, the sec, and federal regulators of financial institutions, which we refer to as the prudential regulators, adopt rules or regulations implementing the dodd-frank act and providing definitions of terms used in the dodd-frank act. the dodd-frank act establishes margin requirements and requires clearing and trade execution practices for certain market participants and may result in certain market participants needing to curtail or cease their derivatives activities.
although some of the rules necessary to implement the dodd-frank act remain to be adopted, the cftc, the sec and the prudential regulators have issued many rules to implement the dodd-frank act, including a rule, which we refer to as the mandatory clearing rule, requiring clearing of hedges, or swaps, that are subject to it (currently, only certain interest rate and credit default swaps, which we do not presently have), a rule, which we refer to as the end user exception, establishing an "end user" exception to the mandatory clearing rule, a rule, which we refer to as the margin rule, setting forth collateral requirements in connection with swaps that are not cleared and also an exception to the margin rule for end users that are not financial end users, which exception we refer to as the non-financial end user exception, and a rule, subsequently vacated by the united states district court for the district of columbia and remanded to the cftc for further proceedings, imposing position limits. the cftc has three times proposed a new version of this rule, with respect to which the comment period closed but the rule was not adopted, and another version of this rule, which we refer to as the latest-proposed position limit rule, with respect to which the comment period will close on april 29, 2020 unless extended and a final rule may or may not be issued. the latest-proposed position limit rule provides an exemption from the position limits for swaps that constitute "bona fide hedging positions" within the definition of such term under the latest-proposed position limit rule, subject to the party claiming the exemption complying with the applicable filing, recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the latest-proposed position limit rule.
we qualify for the end user exception and will utilize it if the mandatory clearing rule is expanded to cover swaps in which we participate, we qualify for the non-financial end user exception and will not be required to post margin in connection with uncleared swaps under the margin rule, and our existing and anticipated hedging positions constitute "bona fide hedging positions" under the re-proposed position limit rule and we intend to undertake the filing, recordkeeping and reporting necessary to utilize the bona fide hedging position exemption under the latest-proposed position limit rule if and when it becomes effective, so we do not expect to be directly affected by any of such rules. however, most if not all of our hedge counterparties will be subject to mandatory clearing in connection with their hedging activities with parties who do not qualify for the end user exception and will be required to post margin in connection with their hedging activities with other swap dealers, major swap participants, financial end users and other persons that do not qualify for the non-financial end user exception. in addition, the european union and other non-u.s. jurisdictions have enacted laws and regulations (including laws and regulations giving the european union financial authorities the power to write down amounts we may be owed on hedging agreements with counterparties subject to such laws and regulations and/or require that we accept equity interests in such counterparties in lieu of cash in satisfaction of such amounts), which we refer to collectively as foreign regulations, which may apply to our transactions with counterparties subject to such foreign regulations, which we refer to as foreign counterparties, and the u.s. adopted law and rules, which we call the u.s. resolution stay rules, clarifying similar rights of u.s. banking authorities with respect to banking institutions subject to their regulation. the dodd-frank act, the rules which have been adopted and not vacated, and, to the extent that the latest-proposed position limit rule is effected, such proposed rule and the u.s. resolution stay rules could significantly increase the cost of our derivative contracts, materially alter the terms of our derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to us that we have historically used to protect against risks that we encounter in our business, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. the foreign regulations could have similar effects. if we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the dodd-frank act and regulation, the u.s. resolution stay rules and foreign regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. finally, the dodd-frank act was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity contracts related to oil and natural gas. our revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the dodd-frank act and regulations is to lower commodity prices. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on us, our financial condition and our results of operations.
recently enacted u.s. tax legislation as well as future u.s. tax legislations may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
on december 22, 2017, the president signed into law public law no. 115-97, a comprehensive tax reform bill commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act, which we refer to as the tax act, that significantly reforms the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the code. among other changes, the tax act (i) reduces the maximum u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, (ii) preserves long-standing upstream oil and gas tax provisions such as immediate deduction of intangible drilling, (iii) allows for immediate expensing of capital expenditures for tangible personal property for a period of time, (iv) modifies the provisions related to the limitations on deductions for executive compensation of publicly traded corporations and (v) enacts new limitations regarding the deductibility of interest expense. the tax act is complex and far-reaching, and while we have evaluated the resulting impact of its enactment on us and recorded adjustments as required in our financial statements, aspects of the tax act are unclear and may not be clarified for some time. the ultimate impact of the tax act may differ from our estimates due to changes in interpretations and assumptions made by us as well as additional regulatory guidance that may be issued, and any such changes in our interpretations and assumptions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
in addition, from time to time, legislation has been proposed that, if enacted into law, would make significant changes to u.s. federal and state income tax laws affecting the oil and gas industry, including (i) eliminating the immediate deduction for intangible drilling and development costs, (ii) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and natural gas properties; and (iii) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. while these specific changes are not included in the tax act, no accurate prediction can be made as to whether any such legislative changes will be proposed or enacted in the future or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be. these proposed changes in the u.s. tax law, if adopted, or other similar changes that would impose additional tax on our activities or reduce or eliminate deductions currently available with respect to natural gas and oil exploration, development or similar activities, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and natural gas we produce.
in recent years, federal, state and local governments have taken steps to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. the epa has finalized a series of greenhouse gas monitoring, reporting and emissions control rules for the oil and natural gas industry, and the u.s. congress has, from time to time, considered adopting legislation to reduce emissions. almost one-half of the states have already taken measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases primarily through the development of greenhouse gas emission inventories and/or regional greenhouse gas cap-and-trade programs. while we are subject to certain federal greenhouse gas monitoring and reporting requirements, our operations currently are not adversely impacted by existing federal, state and local climate change initiatives. for a description of existing and proposed greenhouse gas rules and regulations, see "items 1 and 2. business and properties-regulation-environmental regulation-climate change."
at the international level, in december 2015, the united states participated in the 21st conference of the parties of the united nations framework convention on climate change in paris, france. the resulting paris agreement calls for the parties to undertake "ambitious efforts" to limit the average global temperature, and to conserve and enhance sinks and reservoirs of greenhouse gases. the agreement went into effect on november 4, 2016. the agreement establishes a framework for the parties to cooperate and report actions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. however, on june 1, 2017, president trump announced that the united states would withdraw from the paris agreement, and begin negotiations to either re-enter or negotiate an entirely new agreement with more favorable terms for the united states. the paris agreement sets forth a specific exit process, whereby a party may not provide notice of its withdrawal until three years from the effective date, with such withdrawal taking effect one year from such notice. on november 4, 2019, the trump administration submitted its formal notification of withdrawal to the united nations. it is not clear what steps, if any, will be taken to negotiate a new agreement, or what terms would be included in such an agreement. in response to the announcement, many state and local leaders have stated their intent to intensify efforts to uphold the commitments set forth in the international accord.
restrictions on emissions of methane or carbon dioxide that may be imposed could adversely impact the demand for, price of, and value of our products and reserves. as our operations also emit greenhouse gases directly, current and future laws or regulations limiting such emissions could increase our own costs. at this time, it is not possible to accurately estimate how potential future laws or regulations addressing greenhouse gas emissions would impact our business.
in addition, there have also been efforts in recent years to influence the investment community, including investment advisors and certain sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds promoting divestment of fossil fuel equities and pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. such environmental activism and initiatives aimed at limiting climate change and reducing air pollution could interfere with our business activities, operations and ability to access capital. furthermore, claims have been made against certain energy companies alleging that greenhouse gas emissions from oil and natural gas operations constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or state common law. as a result, private individuals or public entities may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury, property damages or other liabilities. while our business is not a party to any such litigation, we could be named in actions making similar allegations. an unfavorable ruling in any such case could significantly impact our operations and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition.
moreover, there has been public discussion that climate change may be associated with extreme weather conditions such as more intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels. another possible consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. some studies indicate that climate change could cause some areas to experience temperatures substantially hotter or colder than their historical averages. extreme weather conditions can interfere with our production and increase our costs and damage resulting from extreme weather may not be fully insured. however, at this time, we are unable to determine the extent to which climate change may lead to increased storm or weather hazards affecting our operations.
legislation or regulatory initiatives intended to address seismic activity could restrict our drilling and production activities, as well as our ability to dispose of produced water gathered from such activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
state and federal regulatory agencies have recently focused on a possible connection between hydraulic fracturing related activities, particularly the underground injection of wastewater into disposal wells, and the increased occurrence of seismic activity, and regulatory agencies at all levels are continuing to study the possible linkage between oil and gas activity and induced seismicity. in addition, a number of lawsuits have been filed in some states, most recently in oklahoma, alleging that disposal well operations have caused damage to neighboring properties or otherwise violated state and federal rules regulating waste disposal. in response to these concerns, regulators in some states are seeking to impose additional requirements, including requirements regarding the permitting of produced water disposal wells or otherwise to assess the relationship between seismicity and the use of such wells. for example, on october 28, 2014, the texas railroad commission adopted disposal well rule amendments designed, among other things, to require applicants for new disposal wells that will receive non-hazardous produced water or other oil and gas waste to conduct seismic activity searches utilizing the u.s. geological survey. the searches are intended to determine the potential for earthquakes within a circular area of 100 square miles around a proposed new disposal well. if the permittee or an applicant of a disposal well permit fails to demonstrate that the produced water or other fluids are confined to the disposal zone or if scientific data indicates such a disposal well is likely to be or determined to be contributing to seismic activity, then the agency may deny, modify, suspend or terminate the permit application or existing operating permit for that well. the commission has used this authority to deny permits for waste disposal wells.
we dispose of large volumes of produced water gathered from our drilling and production operations by injecting it into wells pursuant to permits issued to us by governmental authorities overseeing such disposal activities. while these permits are issued pursuant to existing laws and regulations, these legal requirements are subject to change, which could result in the imposition of more stringent operating constraints or new monitoring and reporting requirements, owing to, among other things, concerns of the public or governmental authorities regarding such gathering or disposal activities. the adoption and implementation of any new laws or regulations that restrict our ability to use hydraulic fracturing or dispose of produced water gathered from our drilling and production activities by owned disposal wells, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a change in the jurisdictional characterization of some of our assets by federal, state or local regulatory agencies or a change in policy by those agencies may result in increased regulation of our assets, which may cause our revenues to decline and operating expenses to increase.
although ferc has not made a formal determination with respect to the facilities we consider to be natural gas gathering pipelines, we believe that our subsidiary rattler llc's natural gas gathering pipelines meet the traditional tests that ferc has used to determine that pipelines perform primarily a gathering function and are, therefore, not subject to ferc jurisdiction. the distinction between ferc-regulated interstate transportation services and federally unregulated gathering services, however, has been the subject of substantial litigation, and ferc determines whether facilities are gathering facilities on a case-by-case basis, so the classification and regulation of our gathering facilities is subject to change based on future determinations by ferc, the courts or congress. if ferc were to consider the status of an individual facility and determine that the facility or services provided by it are not exempt from ferc regulation under the nga, and that the facility provides interstate transportation service, the rates for, and terms and conditions of, services provided by such facility would be subject to regulation by ferc under the nga or the natural gas policy act, or ngpa. such regulation could decrease revenue, increase operating costs, and, depending upon the facility in question, adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. in addition, if any of rattler llc's facilities were found to have provided services or otherwise operated in violation of the nga or ngpa, this could result in the imposition of substantial civil penalties, as well as a requirement to disgorge revenues collected for such services in excess of the maximum rates established by ferc.
even though we consider rattler llc's natural gas gathering pipelines to be exempt from the jurisdiction of ferc under the nga, ferc regulation of interstate natural gas transportation pipelines may indirectly impact gathering services. ferc's policies and practices across the range of its natural gas regulatory activities, including, for example, its policies on interstate open access transportation, ratemaking, capacity release, and market center promotion may indirectly affect intrastate markets and gathering services. in recent years, ferc has pursued pro-competitive policies in its regulation of interstate natural gas pipelines. however, we cannot assure you that the ferc will continue to pursue this approach as it considers matters such as pipeline rates and rules and policies that may indirectly affect the natural gas gathering services.
natural gas gathering may receive greater regulatory scrutiny at the state level; therefore, our natural gas gathering operations could be adversely affected should they become subject to the application of state regulation of rates and services. rattler llc's gathering operations could also be subject to safety and operational regulations relating to the design, construction, testing, operation, replacement and maintenance of gathering facilities. we cannot predict what effect, if any, such changes might have on our or rattler llc's operations, but we could be required to incur additional capital expenditures and increased operating costs depending on future legislative and regulatory changes.
federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to pipeline safety that require the use of new or more stringent safety controls or result in more stringent enforcement of applicable legal requirements could subject us to increased capital costs, operational delays and costs of operation.
the u.s. department of transportation, or dot, through the phmsa and state agencies, enforces safety regulations with respect to the design, construction, operation, maintenance, inspection and management of certain of rattler llc's pipeline facilities. the phmsa requires pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs, including more frequent inspections and other measures to ensure pipeline safety in high-consequence areas, or hcas, defined as those areas that are unusually sensitive to environmental damage, that cross a navigable waterway, or that have a high population density. the regulations require operators to (i) perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity, (ii) identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact a hca, (iii) improve data collection, integration and analysis, (iv) repair and remediate pipelines as necessary and (v) implement preventive and mitigating actions. these regulations contain requirements for the development and implementation of pipeline integrity management programs, which include the inspection and testing of pipelines and the correction of anomalies. the phmsa's regulations also require that pipeline operation and maintenance personnel meet certain qualifications and that pipeline operators develop comprehensive spill response plans, including extensive spill response training for pipeline personnel.
the pipeline safety, regulatory certainty, and job creation act of 2011, also known as the pipeline safety and job creation act, and the pipes act, are the most recent enactments of federal legislation to amend the ngpsa and the hlpsa which are pipeline safety laws requiring increased safety measures for natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines. among other things, the pipeline safety and job creation act directs the secretary of transportation to promulgate regulations relating to expanded integrity management requirements, automatic or remote-controlled valve use, excess flow valve use, leak detection system installation, material strength testing and verification of the maximum allowable pressure of certain pipelines. the pipeline safety and job creation act also increases the maximum penalty for violation of pipeline safety regulations from $100,000 to $200,000 per violation per day of violation and from $1.0 million to $2.0 million for a related series of violations. effective july 31, 2019, to account for inflation, those maximum civil penalties were increased to $218,647 per violation per day, with a maximum of $2,186,465 for a related series of violations. the pipes act ensures that the phmsa completes the pipeline safety and job creation act requirements; reforms phmsa to be a more dynamic, data-driven regulator; and closes gaps in federal standards.
on october 1, 2019, phmsa published final rules to expand its integrity management requirements and impose new pressure testing requirements on regulated pipelines, including certain segments outside high consequence areas. the rules, once effective, also extend reporting requirements to certain previously unregulated gathering lines. the safety enhancement requirements and other provisions of the pipeline safety and job creation act and the pipes act, as well as any implementation of phmsa rules thereunder and/or related rule making proceedings, could require us to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in increased operating costs that could have a material adverse effect on our or rattler llc's results of operations or financial position.
if third party pipelines or other facilities interconnected to rattler llc's midstream systems become partially or fully unavailable, or if the volumes we gather or treat do not meet the quality requirements of such pipelines or facilities, our midstream operations could be adversely affected.
our subsidiary rattler llc's midstream systems are connected to other pipelines or facilities, the majority of which are owned by third parties. the continuing operation of such third party pipelines or facilities is not within our control. if any of these pipelines or facilities becomes unable to transport, treat or process natural gas or crude oil, or if the volumes we gather or transport do not meet the quality requirements of such pipelines or facilities, our midstream operations could be adversely affected.
rattler llc's rates are subject to review by federal regulators, which could adversely affect our revenues.
our subsidiary rattler llc has a tariff on file with ferc to gather crude oil in interstate commerce. pipelines that gather or transport crude oil for third parties in interstate commerce are, among other things, subject to regulation of the rates and terms and conditions of service by the ferc. rattler is also subject to annual reporting requirements and may also be required to respond to requests for information from government agencies, including compliance audits conducted by ferc.
we operate in areas of high industry activity, which may affect our ability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel needed to manage and operate our assets.
our operations and drilling activity are concentrated in the permian basin in west texas, an area in which industry activity has increased rapidly. as a result, demand for qualified personnel in this area, and the cost to attract and retain such personnel, has increased over the past few years due to competition and may increase substantially in the future. moreover, our competitors may be able to offer better compensation packages to attract and retain qualified personnel than we are able to offer.
any delay or inability to secure the personnel necessary for us to continue or complete our current and planned development activities could lead to a reduction in production volumes.  any such negative effect on production volumes, or significant increases in costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on a few key employees whose absence or loss could adversely affect our business.
many key responsibilities within our business have been assigned to a small number of employees. the loss of their services could adversely affect our business. in particular, the loss of the services of one or more members of our executive team, including our chief executive officer, travis d. stice, could disrupt our operations. we have employment agreements with these executives which contain restrictions on competition with us in the event they cease to be employed by us. however, as a practical matter, such employment agreements may not assure the retention of our employees. further, we do not maintain "key person" life insurance policies on any of our employees. as a result, we are not insured against any losses resulting from the death of our key employees.
drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high-risk activities with many uncertainties that may result in a total loss of investment and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our drilling activities are subject to many risks. for example, we cannot assure you that new wells drilled by us will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such wells. drilling for oil and natural gas often involves unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient oil or natural gas to return a profit at then realized prices after deducting drilling, operating and other costs. the seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively prior to drilling a well that oil or natural gas is present or that it can be produced economically. the costs of exploration, exploitation and development activities are subject to numerous uncertainties beyond our control, and increases in those costs can adversely affect the economics of a project. further, our drilling and producing operations may be curtailed, delayed, canceled or otherwise negatively impacted as a result of other factors, including:
•   unusual or unexpected geological formations;
•   loss of drilling fluid circulation;
•   title problems;
•   facility or equipment malfunctions;
•   unexpected operational events;
•   shortages or delivery delays of equipment and services;
•   compliance with environmental and other governmental requirements; and
•   adverse weather conditions.
any of these risks can cause substantial losses, including personal injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution, environmental contamination or loss of wells and other regulatory penalties.
our development and exploratory drilling efforts and our well operations may not be profitable or achieve our targeted returns.
historically, we have acquired significant amounts of unproved property in order to further our development efforts and expect to continue to undertake acquisitions in the future. development and exploratory drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be discovered. we acquire unproved properties and lease undeveloped acreage that we believe will enhance our growth potential and increase our earnings over time.
however, we cannot assure you that all prospects will be economically viable or that we will not abandon our investments. additionally, we cannot assure you that unproved property acquired by us or undeveloped acreage leased by us will be profitably developed, that new wells drilled by us in prospects that we pursue will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such unproved property or wells.
drilling for oil and natural gas may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient commercial quantities to cover the drilling, operating and other costs. the cost of drilling, completing and operating a well is often uncertain, and many factors can adversely affect the economics of a well or property. drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of unexpected drilling conditions, equipment failures or accidents, shortages of equipment or personnel, environmental issues and for other reasons. in addition, wells that are profitable may not meet our internal return targets, which are dependent upon the current and expected future market prices for oil and natural gas, expected costs associated with producing oil and natural gas and our ability to add reserves at an acceptable cost.
operating hazards and uninsured risks may result in substantial losses and could prevent us from realizing profits.
our operations are subject to all of the hazards and operating risks associated with drilling for and production of oil and natural gas, including the risk of fire, explosions, blowouts, surface cratering, uncontrollable flows of natural gas, oil and formation water, pipe or pipeline failures, abnormally pressured formations, casing collapses and environmental hazards such as oil spills, gas leaks and ruptures or discharges of toxic gases. in addition, our operations are subject to risks associated with hydraulic fracturing, including any mishandling, surface spillage or potential underground migration of fracturing fluids, including chemical additives. the occurrence of any of these events could result in substantial losses to us due to injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, clean-up responsibilities, regulatory investigations and penalties, suspension of operations and repairs required to resume operations.
we endeavor to contractually allocate potential liabilities and risks between us and the parties that provide us with services and goods, which include pressure pumping and hydraulic fracturing, drilling and cementing services and tubular goods for surface, intermediate and production casing. under our agreements with our vendors, to the extent responsibility for environmental liability is allocated between the parties, (i) our vendors generally assume all responsibility for control and removal of pollution or contamination which originates above the surface of the land and is directly associated with such vendors' equipment while in their control and (ii) we generally assume the responsibility for control and removal of all other pollution or contamination which may occur during our operations, including pre-existing pollution and pollution which may result from fire, blowout, cratering, seepage or any other uncontrolled flow of oil, gas or other substances, as well as the use or disposition of all drilling fluids. in addition, we generally agree to indemnify our vendors for loss or destruction of vendor-owned property that occurs in the well hole (except for damage that occurs when a vendor is performing work on a footage, rather than day work, basis) or as a result of the use of equipment, certain corrosive fluids, additives, chemicals or proppants. however, despite this general allocation of risk, we might not succeed in enforcing such contractual allocation, might incur an unforeseen liability falling outside the scope of such allocation or may be required to enter into contractual arrangements with terms that vary from the above allocations of risk. as a result, we may incur substantial losses which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in accordance with what we believe to be customary industry practice, we historically have maintained insurance against some, but not all, of our business risks. our insurance may not be adequate to cover any losses or liabilities we may suffer. also, insurance may no longer be available to us or, if it is, its availability may be at premium levels that do not justify its purchase. the occurrence of a significant uninsured claim, a claim in excess of the insurance coverage limits maintained by us or a claim at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct normal business operations and on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. in addition, we may not be able to secure additional insurance or bonding that might be required by new governmental regulations. this may cause us to restrict our operations, which might severely impact our financial position. we may also be liable for environmental damage caused by previous owners of properties purchased by us, which liabilities may not be covered by insurance.
since hydraulic fracturing activities are part of our operations, they are covered by our insurance against claims made for bodily injury, property damage and clean-up costs stemming from a sudden and accidental pollution event. however, we may not have coverage if we are unaware of the pollution event and unable to report the "occurrence" to our insurance company within the time frame required under our insurance policy. we have no coverage for gradual, long-term pollution events. in addition, these policies do not provide coverage for all liabilities, and we cannot assure you that the insurance coverage will be adequate to cover claims that may arise, or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we consider reasonable. a loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
competition in the oil and natural gas industry is intense, which may adversely affect our ability to succeed.
the oil and natural gas industry is intensely competitive, and we compete with other companies that have greater resources than us. many of these companies not only explore for and produce oil and natural gas, but also carry on midstream and refining operations and market petroleum and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. these companies may be able to pay more for productive oil and natural gas properties and exploratory prospects or define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit. in addition, these companies may have a greater ability to continue exploration activities during periods of low oil and natural gas market prices. our larger competitors may be able to absorb the burden of present and future federal, state, local and other laws and regulations more easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position. our ability to acquire additional properties and to discover reserves in the future will be dependent upon our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment. in addition, because we have fewer financial and human resources than many companies in our industry, we may be at a disadvantage in bidding for exploratory prospects and producing oil and natural gas properties.
our use of 2-d and 3-d seismic data is subject to interpretation and may not accurately identify the presence of oil and natural gas, which could adversely affect the results of our drilling operations.
even when properly used and interpreted, 2-d and 3-d seismic data and visualization techniques are only tools used to assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon indicators and do not enable the interpreter to know whether hydrocarbons are, in fact, present in those structures. in addition, the use of 3-d seismic and other advanced technologies requires greater predrilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies, and we could incur losses as a result of such expenditures. as a result, our drilling activities may not be successful or economical.
we may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry.
the oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. as others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive pressures to implement those new technologies at substantial costs. in addition, other oil and natural gas companies may have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and that may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. we may not be able to respond to these competitive pressures or implement new technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost. if one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we are subject to certain requirements of section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act. if we fail to comply with the requirements of section 404 or if we or our auditors identify and report material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, our investors may lose confidence in our reported information and our stock price may be negatively affected.
we are required to comply with certain provisions of section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, or sarbanes-oxley act. section 404 requires that we document and test our internal control over financial reporting and issue management's assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. this section also requires that our independent registered public accounting firm opine on those internal controls. if we fail to comply with the requirements of section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act, or if we or our auditors identify and report material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of the filing of our annual and quarterly reports may be materially adversely affected and could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. in addition, a material weakness in the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could result in an increased chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain financing and require additional expenditures to comply with these requirements, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
increased costs of capital could adversely affect our business.
our business could be harmed by factors such as the availability, terms and cost of capital, increases in interest rates or a reduction in our credit rating. changes in any one or more of these factors could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our access to capital, limit our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, reduce our cash flows available for drilling and place us at a competitive disadvantage. continuing disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may lead to an increase in interest rates or a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our activities. we require continued access to capital. a significant reduction in the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our planned growth and cash flows.
we recorded stock-based compensation expense in 2019, 2018 and 2017, and we may incur substantial additional compensation expense related to our future grants of stock compensation which may have a material negative impact on our operating results for the foreseeable future.
as a result of outstanding stock-based compensation awards, for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 we incurred $65 million, $37 million and $34 million, respectively, of stock based compensation expense, of which we capitalized $17 million, $10 million and $9 million respectively, pursuant to the full cost method of accounting for oil and natural gas properties. in addition, our compensation expenses may increase in the future as compared to our historical expenses because of the costs associated with our existing and possible future incentive plans. these additional expenses could adversely affect our net income. the future expense will be dependent upon the number of share-based awards issued and the fair value of the options or shares of common stock at the date of the grant; however, they may be significant. we will recognize expenses for restricted stock awards and stock options generally over the vesting period of awards made to recipients.
loss of our information and computer systems could adversely affect our business.
we are heavily dependent on our information systems and computer based programs, including our well operations information, seismic data, electronic data processing and accounting data. if any of such programs or systems were to fail or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, possible consequences include our loss of communication links, inability to find, produce, process and sell oil and natural gas and inability to automatically process commercial transactions or engage in similar automated or computerized business activities. any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business.
a terrorist attack or armed conflict could harm our business.
terrorist activities, anti-terrorist efforts and other armed conflicts involving the united states or other countries may adversely affect the united states and global economies and could prevent us from meeting our financial and other obligations. if any of these events occur, the resulting political instability and societal disruption could reduce overall demand for oil and natural gas causing a reduction in our revenues. oil and natural gas related facilities could be direct targets of terrorist attacks, and our operations could be adversely impacted if infrastructure integral to our customers' operations is destroyed or damaged. costs for insurance and other security may increase as a result of these threats, and some insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all.
we are subject to cyber security risks. a cyber incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
the oil and natural gas industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development, production, and processing activities. for example, the oil and natural gas industry depends on digital technologies to interpret seismic data, manage drilling rigs, production equipment and gathering systems, conduct reservoir modeling and reserves estimation, and process and record financial and operating data. at the same time, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks or unintentional events, have increased. the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of cyber security threats. our technologies, systems, networks, and those of its vendors, suppliers and other business partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or other disruption of its business operations. in addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended period. our systems and insurance coverage for protecting against cyber security risks may not be sufficient. as cyber incidents continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents. we do not maintain specialized insurance for possible liability resulting from a cyberattack on our assets that may shut down all or part of our business.
risks related to our indebtedness references in this section to "us, "we" or "our" shall mean diamondback energy, inc. and diamondback o&g llc, collectively, unless otherwise specified.
we have relied in the past, and we may rely from time to time in the future, on borrowings under our revolving credit facility to fund a portion of our capital expenditures. unless we are able to repay borrowings under the revolving credit facility with cash flow from operations and proceeds from equity or debt offerings, implementing our capital programs may require an increase in our total leverage through additional debt issuances. in addition, a reduction in availability under our revolving credit facility and the inability to otherwise obtain financing for our capital programs could require us to curtail our capital expenditures.
we have historically relied on availability under our revolving credit facility to fund a portion of our capital expenditures. we expect that we will continue to fund a portion of our capital expenditures with borrowings under the revolving credit facility, cash flow from operations and the proceeds from debt and equity offerings. in the past, we have created availability under the revolving credit facility by repaying outstanding borrowings with the proceeds from debt or equity offerings. we cannot assure you that we will choose to or be able to access the capital markets to repay any such future borrowings. instead, we may be required or choose to finance our capital expenditures through additional debt issuances, which would increase our total amount of debt outstanding. if the availability under the revolving credit facility were reduced, and we were otherwise unable to secure other sources of financing, we may be required to curtail our capital expenditures, which could limit our ability to fund our drilling activities and acquisitions or otherwise finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves.
our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2019, we had total long-term debt of $5.4 billion, including $4.3 billion outstanding under our 5.375% senior notes due 2025, which we refer to as the 2025 notes, the energen notes, our 2.875% senior notes due 2024, our 3.250% senior notes due 2026 and our 3.500% senior notes due 2029, which are collectively referred to, together with the 2025 notes, as the senior notes, and $13 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility, and we had $1.99 billion available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2019, energen, one of our subsidiaries, had $539 million, which are collectively referred to as the energen notes. as of december 31, 2019, viper llc, one of our subsidiaries, had $97 million in outstanding borrowings, and $678 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility and $500 million outstanding under its 5.375% senior notes due 2027. as of december 31, 2019, rattler llc, one of our subsidiaries, had $424 million in outstanding borrowings, and $176 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility. we may in the future incur significant additional indebtedness under our revolving credit facility or otherwise in order to make acquisitions, to develop our properties or for other purposes. our level of indebtedness could have important consequences to you and affect our operations in several ways, including the following:
•   our high level of indebtedness could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt instruments, including any repurchase obligations that may arise thereunder;
•   a significant portion of our cash flows could be used to service our indebtedness, which could reduce the funds available to us for operations and other purposes;
•   our high level of debt could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
the covenants contained in the agreements governing certain of our outstanding indebtedness will limit our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay dividends and make certain investments;
•   our high level of debt may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness would prevent us from pursuing;
•   our debt covenants may also limit management's discretion in operating our business and our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry;
•   our high level of debt could limit our ability to access the capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms;
our high level of debt may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes; and
•   we may be vulnerable to interest rate increases, as our borrowings under our revolving credit facility are at variable interest rates.
our high level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. our ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance. general economic conditions, oil and natural gas prices and financial, business and other factors affect our operations and our future performance. many of these factors are beyond our control. we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the interest on our debt, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt. factors that will affect our ability to raise cash through an offering of our capital stock or a refinancing of our debt include financial market conditions, the value of our assets and our performance at the time we need capital.
restrictive covenants in certain of our existing and future debt instruments may limit our ability to respond to changes in market conditions or pursue business opportunities.
certain of our debt instruments contain, and the terms of any future indebtedness may contain, restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things:
•   incur or guarantee additional indebtedness;
•   make certain investments;
•   create liens;
•   sell or transfer assets;
•   issue preferred stock;
•   merge or consolidate with another entity;
•   pay dividends or make other distributions;
•   create unrestricted subsidiaries; and
•   engage in transactions with affiliates.
under our revolving credit facility we are allowed, among other things, to designate one or more of our subsidiaries as "unrestricted subsidiaries" that are not subject to certain restrictions contained in the revolving credit facility. under our revolving credit facility, we designated viper, viper's general partner, viper's subsidiary, rattler, rattler's general partner and rattler's subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries, and upon such designation, they were automatically released from any and all obligations under the revolving credit facility, including the related guaranty. further viper, viper's general partner, viper's subsidiaries, rattler, rattler's general partner and rattler's subsidiaries are designated as unrestricted subsidiaries under the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes.
we and our subsidiaries may be prevented from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise because of the limitations imposed on us by the restrictive covenants and financial covenants contained in our and our subsidiaries' debt instruments. as an example, our revolving credit facility requires us to maintain a total net debt to capitalization ratio. the requirement that we and our subsidiaries comply with these provisions may materially adversely affect our and our subsidiaries ability to react to changes in market conditions, take advantage of business opportunities we believe to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund needed capital expenditures or withstand a continuing or future downturn in our business.
a breach of any of these restrictive covenants could result in default under the applicable debt instrument. if default occurs under our revolving credit facility, the lenders thereunder may elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, which would result in an event of default under the indentures governing our senior notes. the lenders will also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. if the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and our senior notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness.
our indebtedness is structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries, and our obligations are not obligations of any of our subsidiaries.
our senior indebtedness obligations are obligations exclusively of diamondback energy, inc. and diamondback o&g llc, and not of any of our other subsidiaries. none of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of our senior indebtedness. any assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including lenders under our revolving credit facility and holders of the senior notes. except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including lenders under our revolving credit facility and holders of the senior notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. consequently, our senior indebtedness will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish, as of december 31, 2019, energen, one of our subsidiaries, had an aggregate of $539 million of notes, which are collectively referred to as the energen notes. as of december 31, 2019, viper llc, one of our subsidiaries, had $97 million in outstanding borrowings, and $678 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility and $500 million outstanding under its 5.375% senior notes due 2027. as of december 31, 2019, rattler llc, one of our subsidiaries, had $424 million in outstanding borrowings, and $176 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility.
servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial indebtedness.
our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including our senior notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. if we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. however, we cannot assure you that undertaking alternative financing plans, if necessary, would allow us to meet our debt obligations. in the absence of such cash flows, we could have substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. the indenture governing the 2025 notes restricts our ability to use the proceeds from asset sales. we may not be able to consummate those asset sales to raise capital or sell assets at prices that we believe are fair, and proceeds that we do receive may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at the time. we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations and have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments.
we depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and other payments. we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our operating subsidiaries. there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends or distributions by certain of our subsidiaries to us. if our subsidiaries are unable to make dividend or distribution payments to us and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, we may not be able to make dividend payments to our stockholders or principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness.
we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which could further exacerbate the risks that we and our subsidiaries face.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. the terms of our and our subsidiaries' revolving credit facilities and the indentures restrict, but in each case do not completely prohibit, us from doing so. as of december 31, 2019, we had $13 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility, and we had $1.99 billion available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2019, viper llc had $97 million in outstanding borrowings, and $678 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2019, rattler llc had $424 million in outstanding borrowings, and $176 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility. further, the indentures governing our and our subsidiaries' notes allow us to issue additional notes incur certain other additional debt and to have subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior notes and which may incur additional debt, which would be structurally senior to the senior notes. in addition, the indentures governing the senior notes do not prevent us from incurring other liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. if we or a guarantor incur any additional indebtedness that ranks equally with the senior notes (or with the guarantees thereof), including additional unsecured indebtedness or trade payables, the holders of that indebtedness will be entitled to share ratably with holders of the senior notes in any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding-up of us or a guarantor. if new debt or other liabilities are added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries now face could intensify.
if we experience liquidity concerns, we could face a downgrade in our debt ratings which could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, current or future financings or trade credit.
our ability to obtain financings and trade credit and the terms of any financings or trade credit is, in part, dependent on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities, liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix and commodity pricing levels. a ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access financings or trade credit and increase our borrowing costs.
borrowings under our, viper llc's and rattler llc's revolving credit facilities expose us to interest rate risk.
our earnings are exposed to interest rate risk associated with borrowings under our and our subsidiaries' revolving credit facilities. the terms of our and our subsidiaries' revolving credit facilities provide for interest on borrowings at a floating rate equal to an alternate base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and 3-month libor plus 1.0%) or libor, in each case plus the applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.125% to 1.0% in the case of the alternative base rate and from 1.125% to 2.0% in the case of libor, in each case depending on the amount of the loan outstanding in relation to the borrowing base. both viper llc's and rattler llc's revolving credit facilities provide for interest on borrowings at floating rates, which are also tied to libor. libor tends to fluctuate based on multiple facts, including general short-term interest rates, rates set by the u.s. federal reserve and other central banks, the supply of and demand for credit in the london interbank market and general economic conditions. we have not hedged our interest rate exposure with respect to our floating rate debt. accordingly, our interest expense for any particular period will fluctuate based on libor and other variable interest rates. as of december 31, 2019, we had $13 million borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. our weighted average interest rate on borrowings under our revolving credit facility was 3.20% on december 31, 2019. viper llc's weighted average interest rate on borrowings from its revolving credit facility was 4.30% during the year ended december 31, 2019. rattler llc's weighted average interest rate on borrowings from its revolving credit facility was 2.98% during the year ended december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2019, viper llc had $97 million in outstanding borrowings, and $678 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2019, rattler llc had $424 million in outstanding borrowings, and $176 million available for borrowing, under its revolving credit facility. if interest rates increase, so will our interest costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
on july 27, 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority (the authority that regulates libor) announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established or if libor will continue to exist after 2021. the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, is considering replacing u.s. dollar libor with a newly created index. it is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms or the establishment of alternative reference rates in the united states or elsewhere.
risks related to our common stock the corporate opportunity provisions in our certificate of incorporation could enable affiliates of ours to benefit from corporate opportunities that might otherwise be available to us.
subject to the limitations of applicable law, our certificate of incorporation, among other things:
•   permits us to enter into transactions with entities in which one or more of our officers or directors are financially or otherwise interested;
•   permits any of our stockholders, officers or directors to conduct business that competes with us and to make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments; and
•   provides that if any director or officer of one of our affiliates who is also one of our officers or directors becomes aware of a potential business opportunity, transaction or other matter (other than one expressly offered to that director or officer in writing solely in his or her capacity as our director or officer), that director or officer will have no duty to communicate or offer that opportunity to us, and will be permitted to communicate or offer that opportunity to such affiliates and that director or officer will not be deemed to have (i) acted in a manner inconsistent with his or her fiduciary or other duties to us regarding the opportunity or (ii) acted in bad faith or in a manner inconsistent with our best interests.
these provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity that would otherwise be available to us may be used for the benefit of one of our affiliates.
we have engaged in transactions with our affiliates and expect to do so in the future. the terms of such transactions and the resolution of any conflicts that may arise may not always be in our or our stockholders' best interests.
in the past, we have engaged in transactions with affiliated companies and may do so again in the future. these transactions, and the resolution of any conflicts that may arise in connection with such related party transactions, including pricing, duration or other terms of service, may not always be in our or our stockholders' best interests.
if the price of our common stock fluctuates significantly, your investment could lose value.
although our common stock is listed on the nasdaq select global market, we cannot assure you that an active public market will continue for our common stock. if an active public market for our common stock does not continue, the trading price and liquidity of our common stock will be materially and adversely affected. if there is a thin trading market or "float" for our stock, the market price for our common stock may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole. without a large float, our common stock would be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership and, as a result, the trading prices of our common stock may be more volatile. in addition, in the absence of an active public trading market, investors may be unable to liquidate their investment in us. furthermore, the stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations, and the price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in response to several factors, including:
•   our quarterly or annual operating results;
•   changes in our earnings estimates;
•   investment recommendations by securities analysts following our business or our industry;
•   additions or departures of key personnel;
•   changes in the business, earnings estimates or market perceptions of our competitors;
•   our failure to achieve operating results consistent with securities analysts' projections;
•   changes in industry, general market or economic conditions; and
•   announcements of legislative or regulatory changes.
the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years that have significantly affected the quoted prices of the securities of many companies, including companies in our industry. the changes often appear to occur without regard to specific operating performance. the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our company and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price.
the declaration of dividends and repurchases of our common stock are each within the discretion of our board of directors based upon a review of relevant considerations, and there is no guarantee that we will pay any dividends on or repurchases of our common stock in the future or at levels anticipated by our stockholders.
on february 13, 2018, we initiated payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock payable beginning with the first quarter of 2018. the decision to pay any future dividends, however, is solely within the discretion of, and subject to approval by, our board of directors. our board of directors' determination with respect to any such dividends, including the record date, the payment date and the actual amount of the dividend, will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant at the time of such determination. based on its evaluation of these factors, the board of directors may determine not to declare a dividend, or declare dividends at rates that are less than currently anticipated, either of which could reduce returns to our stockholders.
in may 2019, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to $2 billion of our outstanding common stock through december 31, 2020. this repurchase program is at the discretion of our board of directors and may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by our board of directors at any time.
a change of control could limit our use of net operating losses.
if we were to experience an "ownership change," as determined under section 382 of the code, our ability to offset taxable income arising after the ownership change with nols generated prior to the ownership change would be limited, possibly substantially. in general, an ownership change would establish an annual limitation on the amount of our pre-change nols we could utilize to offset our taxable income in any future taxable year to an amount generally equal to the value of our stock immediately prior to the ownership change multiplied by the long-term tax-exempt rate. in general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative increase in our ownership of more than 50 percentage points by one or more "5% shareholders" (as defined in the internal revenue code) at any time during a rolling three-year period.
as of december 31, 2019, we had a net operating loss, or nol, carry forward of approximately $1.7 billion for federal income tax purposes, including $748 million acquired as part of the energen acquisition. although the nol, and tax credits of $3 million, attributable to energen's pre-acquisition activity are subject to an annual limitation under section 382 of the code, we do not expect that limitation to materially impact our utilization of those amounts if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.
the trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover our company downgrade our stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.
we may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock.
our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of our common stock. for example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law make it more difficult to effect a change in control of the company, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
the existence of some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware corporate law could delay or prevent a change in control of our company, even if that change would be beneficial to our stockholders. our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make acquiring control of our company difficult, including:
•   provisions regulating the ability of our stockholders to nominate directors for election or to bring matters for action at annual meetings of our stockholders;
•   limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call a special meeting and act by written consent;
•   the ability of our board of directors to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws, and the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained for stockholders to amend our bylaws;
•   the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained to remove directors;
•   the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained to amend our certificate of incorporation; and
•   the authorization given to our board of directors to issue and set the terms of preferred stock without the approval of our stockholders.
these provisions also could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. as a result, these provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, which may limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. see item 1a. "risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements."
overview we operate in two business segments: (i) the upstream segment, which is engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the permian basin in west texas and (ii) through our subsidiary, rattler, the midstream operations segment, which is focused on ownership, operation, development and acquisition of the midstream infrastructure assets in the midland and delaware basins of the permian basin.
upstream operations in our upstream segment, our activities are primarily directed at the horizontal development of the wolfcamp and spraberry formations in the midland basin and the wolfcamp and bone spring formations in the delaware basin. we intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves.
as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately 382,337 net acres, which primarily consisted of approximately 195,461 net acres in the midland basin and approximately 155,296 net acres in the delaware basin. as of december 31, 2019, we had an estimated 12,310 gross horizontal locations that we believe to be economic at $60.00 per bbl west texas intermediate, or wti.
in addition, our publicly traded subsidiary viper owns mineral interests underlying approximately 814,224 gross acres and 24,304 net royalty acres in the permian basin and eagle ford shale. approximately 50% of these net royalty acres are operated by us. we own viper's general partner and, together with one of our subsidiaries, approximately 58% of the limited partner interest in viper, represented by common units and class b units. we, as the holder of the class b units in viper and viper's general partner, as the holder of the general partner interest, are entitled to receive cash preferred distributions equal to 8% per annum on the outstanding amount of their respective capital contributions payable quarterly.
midstream operations in our midstream operations segment, rattler's crude oil infrastructure assets consist of gathering pipelines and metering facilities, which collectively gather crude oil for its customers. rattler's facilities gather crude oil from horizontal and vertical wells in our reward, spanish trail, pecos and fivestones areas within the permian basin. rattler's natural gas gathering and compression system consists of gathering pipelines, compression and metering facilities, which collectively service the production from our pecos area assets within the permian basin. rattler's water sourcing and distribution assets consists of water wells, frac pits, pipelines and water treatment facilities, which collectively gather and distribute water from permian basin aquifers to the drilling and completion sites through buried pipelines and temporary surface pipelines. rattler's gathering and disposal system spans approximately 474 miles and consists of gathering pipelines along with produced water disposal, or pwd, wells and facilities which collectively gather and dispose of produced water from operations throughout our permian basin acreage.
we have entered into multiple fee-based commercial agreements with rattler, each with an initial term ending in 2034, utilizing rattler's infrastructure assets or its planned infrastructure assets to provide an array of essential services critical to our upstream operations in the delaware and midland basins. our agreements with rattler include substantial acreage dedications.
2019 transactions and recent developments rattler midstream lp rattler is a publicly traded delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the nasdaq global select market under the symbol "rtlr". rattler was formed by us in july 2018 to own, operate, develop and acquire midstream infrastructure assets in the midland and delaware basins of the permian basin. rattler midstream gp llc, or rattler's general partner, a wholly-owned subsidiary of us, serves as the general partner of rattler. as of december 31, 2019, we owned approximately 71% of rattler's total units outstanding.
in may 2019, rattler completed its initial public offering, which we refer to as the rattler offering. prior to the completion of the rattler offering, we owned all of the general and limited partner interests in rattler. the rattler offering consisted of an aggregate of 43,700,000 common units representing approximately 29% of the limited partner interests in rattler at a price to the public of $17.50 per common unit, which included 5,700,000 common units issued pursuant to an option to purchase additional common units granted to the underwriters on the same terms which closed on may 30, 2019. rattler received net proceeds of approximately $720 million from the sale of these common units, after deducting offering expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.
in connection with the completion of the rattler offering, rattler (i) issued 107,815,152 class b units representing an aggregate 71% voting limited partner interest in rattler in exchange for a $1 million cash contribution from us, (ii) issued a general partner interest in rattler to rattler's general partner, in exchange for a $1 million cash contribution from rattler's general partner, and (iii) caused rattler llc to make a distribution of approximately $727 million to us. we, as the beneficial holder of the class b units, and rattler's general partner, as the holder of the general partner interest, are entitled to receive cash preferred distributions equal to 8% per annum on the outstanding amount of their respective $1 million capital contributions, payable quarterly.
fourth quarter 2019 dividend declaration and increase on february 14, 2020, our board of directors declared a cash dividend for the fourth quarter of 2019 of $0.3750 per share of common stock, payable on march 10, 2020 to our stockholders of record at the close of business on march 3, 2020, representing an increase of $0.1875 per share from the previously paid quarterly dividend.
stock repurchase program in may 2019, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to $2 billion of our outstanding common stock through december 31, 2020. this repurchase program is another component of our capital return program that includes the quarterly dividend discussed above. we anticipate that the repurchase program will be funded primarily by free cash flow generated from operations and liquidity events such as the sale of assets. purchases under the repurchase program may be made from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, and are subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, contractual obligations and other factors. the repurchase program does not require us to acquire any specific number of shares. this repurchase program may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the board of directors at any time. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased approximately $598 million of common stock under our repurchase program. as of december 31, 2019, $1.4 billion remains available for use to repurchase shares under our common stock repurchase program.
divestiture of certain conventional and non-core assets acquired from energen on may 23, 2019, we completed our divestiture of 6,589 net acres of certain non-core permian assets, which we acquired in the energen merger, for an aggregate sale price of $37 million. this divestiture did not result in a gain or loss because it did not have a significant effect on our reserve base or depreciation, depletion and amortization rate.
on july 1, 2019, we completed our divestiture of 103,750 net acres of certain conventional and non-core permian assets, which we acquired in the energen merger, for an aggregate sale price of $285 million. this divestiture did not result in a gain or loss because it did not have a significant effect on our reserve base or depreciation, depletion and amortization rate.
viper's equity offering on march 1, 2019, viper completed an underwritten public offering of 10,925,000 common units, which included 1,425,000 common units issued pursuant to an option to purchase additional common units granted to the underwriters. following this offering, we owned approximately 54% of viper's total units then outstanding. viper received net proceeds from this offering of approximately $341 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. viper used the net proceeds to purchase units of viper llc. viper llc in turn used the net proceeds to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility and finance acquisitions during the period.
drop-down on october 1, 2019, we completed a transaction to divest certain mineral and royalty interests to viper for 18.3 million of viper's newly-issued class b units, 18.3 million newly-issued units of viper llc with a fair value of $497 million and $190 million in cash, after giving effect to closing adjustments for net title benefits, which we refer to as the drop-down. the mineral and royalty interests divested in the drop-down represent approximately 5,490 net royalty acres across the midland and delaware basins, of which over 95% are operated by us, and have an average net royalty interest of approximately 3.2%.
increase in the borrowing base under viper llc's revolving credit facility in connection with viper llc's fall redetermination in november 2019, the borrowing base under viper llc's revolving credit facility was increased from $725 million to $775 million.
viper's notes offering on october 16, 2019, viper completed an offering, which we refer to as the viper notes offering, of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.375% senior notes due 2027, which we refer to as the viper notes. viper received net proceeds of approximately $490 million from the viper notes offering. viper loaned the gross proceeds to viper llc. viper llc used the proceeds from the viper notes offering to pay down borrowings under its revolving credit facility.
december 2019 notes offering on december 5, 2019, we issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2.875% senior notes due 2024, which we refer to as the 2024 notes, $800 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.250% senior notes due 2026, which we refer to as the 2026 notes, and $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.500% senior notes due 2029, which we refer to as the 2029 notes and, together with the 2024 notes and the 2026 notes, the december 2019 notes. the 2024 notes will mature on december 1, 2024, the 2026 notes will mature on december 1, 2026 and the 2029 notes will mature on december 1, 2029. interest will accrue and be payable semi-annually, in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on june 1, 2020. the december 2019 notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by diamondback o&g llc.
redemption of the outstanding 4.750% senior notes.
on december 20, 2019, we redeemed all of our then outstanding 4.750% senior notes due 2024, which we refer to as the 4.750% senior notes, with a portion of our net proceeds from the issuance of the december 2019 notes.
operational update our development program is focused entirely within the permian basin, where we continue to focus on long-lateral multi-well pad development. our horizontal development consists of multiple targeted intervals, primarily within the wolfcamp and spraberry formations in the midland basin and the wolfcamp and bone springs formations in the delaware basin.
we are operating 23 drilling rigs now including two rigs drilling produced water disposal wells and currently intend to operate between 20 and 23 drilling rigs in 2020 on average across our asset base in the midland and delaware basins.
in the midland basin, we continued to have positive results across our core development areas located within midland, martin, howard, glasscock and andrews counties, where development has primarily focused on drilling long-lateral, multi-well pads targeting the spraberry and wolfcamp formations.
in the delaware basin, we have now drilled and completed a significant number of wells in pecos, reeves and ward counties targeting the wolfcamp a, which we believe has been de-risked across a significant portion of our total acreage position and remains our primary development target. in 2020, we expect to focus development on these areas.
we continue to focus on low cost operations and best in class execution. to combat potential fluctuation in service costs, we have looked to lock in pricing for dedicated activity levels and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well cost where possible. our 2020 drilling and completion budget accounts for capital costs that we believe cover potential increases in our service costs during the year.
in 2020, we remain focused on navigating our industry challenges by staying disciplined, improving our industry-leading cost structure, growing production, increasing environmental transparency and returning more cash to our stockholders as evidenced by our quarterly dividend increase beginning with the fourth quarter of 2019.
2020 capital budget we have currently budgeted a 2020 total capital spend of $2.8 billion to $3.0 billion, consisting of $2.45 billion to $2.6 billion for horizontal drilling and completions including non-operated activity, $200 million to $225 million for midstream investments, excluding joint venture investments, and $150 million to $175 million for infrastructure and other expenditures, excluding the cost of any leasehold and mineral interest acquisitions. we expect to drill and complete 320 to 360 gross horizontal wells in 2020. should commodity prices weaken further or remain weak for an extended period of time, we intend to act responsibly and, consistent with our prior practices, reduce capital spending. if commodity prices strengthen, we intend to grow oil production within our 2020 budget and return cash to our stockholders or pay down indebtedness.
reserves and pricing ryder scott prepared estimates of our proved reserves at december 31, 2019 and 2018 (which include estimated proved reserves attributable to viper). the prices used to estimate proved reserves for all periods did not give effect to derivative transactions, were held constant throughout the life of the properties and have been adjusted for quality, transportation fees, geographical differentials, marketing bonuses or deductions and other factors affecting the price received at the wellhead.
as of december 31,
2019                                               2018
estimated net proved reserves:
oil (mbbls)                        710,903                 626,936
natural gas (mmcf)               1,118,811               1,048,649
natural gas liquids (mbbls)        230,203                 190,291
total (mboe)                     1,127,575                 992,001
unweighted arithmetic average first-day-of-the-month prices
2019                                                 2018
oil (per bbl)                        $51.88                      $59.63
natural gas (per mcf)                 $0.18                       $1.47
natural gas liquids (per bbl)        $15.65                      $24.43
sources of our revenue in our upstream segment, our main sources of revenues are the sale of oil and natural gas production, as well as the sale of natural gas liquids that are extracted from our natural gas during processing.
in our midstream operations segment, our results are primarily driven by: the volumes of crude oil that rattler gathers, transports and delivers; natural gas that rattler gathers, compresses, transports and delivers; water that rattler sources, transports and delivers; and produced water that rattler gathers, transports and disposes of, and the fees rattler charges per unit of throughput for our midstream services.
61
the following table presents the sources of our oil and natural gas revenues for the years presented:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                   2018
revenues:
oil sales                    91      %            88      %
natural gas sales                    %                    %
natural gas liquid sales      7      %             9      %
100                                  %           100      %
commodity prices since our production, in our exploration and production business, consists primarily of oil, our revenues are more sensitive to fluctuations in oil prices than they are to fluctuations in natural gas or natural gas liquids prices. viper, as the owner of mineral interests, is also indirectly exposed to fluctuations in commodity prices. oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids prices have historically been volatile. lower commodity prices may not only decrease our revenues, but also potentially the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically. lower oil and natural gas prices may also result in a reduction in the borrowing base under our credit agreement, which may be redetermined at the discretion of our lenders.
in our midstream operations business, we have indirect exposure to commodity price risk in that persistent low commodity prices may cause us or rattler's other customers to delay drilling or shut in production, which would reduce the volumes available for gathering and processing by our infrastructure assets. if we or rattler's other customers delay drilling or temporarily shut in production due to persistently low commodity prices or for any other reason, our revenue in the midstream operations segment could decrease, as rattler's commercial agreements do not contain minimum volume commitments.
the following table sets forth information related to commodity prices for the following periods:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                      2018
high and low futures contract prices:
oil ($/bbl, wti futures contract 1)
high                                                                      $66.30                  $76.41
low                                                                       $46.54                  $42.53
natural gas ($/mmbtu, futures contract 1)
high                                                                       $3.59                   $4.84
low                                                                        $2.07                   $2.55
average realized oil price ($/bbl)                                        $51.87                  $54.66
average wti futures contract 1 ($/bbl)                                    $57.04                  $64.90
differential to wti futures contract 1                                    $(5.17     )           $(10.24     )
average realized oil price to wti futures contract 1                          91     %                84     %
average realized natural gas price ($/mcf)                                 $0.68                   $1.76
average natural gas futures contract 1 ($/mcf)                             $2.53                   $3.07
differential to natural gas futures contract 1                            $(1.85     )            $(1.31     )
average realized natural gas price to natural gas futures contract 1          27     %                57     %
average realized natural gas liquids price ($/bbl)                        $14.42                  $25.47
average wti futures contract 1 ($/bbl)                                    $57.04                  $64.90
average realized natural gas liquids price to wti futures contract 1          25     %                39     %
on december 31, 2019, the wti futures contract 1 price for crude oil was $61.06 per bbl and the natural gas futures contract 1 price was $2.19 per mmbtu.
principal components of our cost structure lease operating expenses. these are daily costs incurred to bring oil and natural gas out of the ground and to the market, together with the daily costs incurred to maintain our producing properties. such costs also include maintenance, repairs and workover expenses related to our oil and natural gas properties.
production and ad valorem taxes. production taxes are paid on produced oil and natural gas based on a percentage of revenues from products sold at fixed rates established by federal, state or local taxing authorities. where available, we benefit from tax credits and exemptions in our various taxing jurisdictions. we are also subject to ad valorem taxes in the counties where our production is located. ad valorem taxes are generally based on the valuation of our oil and gas properties.
general and administrative expenses. these are costs incurred for overhead, including payroll and benefits for our corporate staff, costs of maintaining our headquarters, costs of managing our production and development operations, franchise taxes, audit and other fees for professional services and legal compliance.
midstream services expense. these are costs incurred to operate and maintain our oil and natural gas gathering and transportation systems, natural gas lift, compression infrastructure and water transportation facilities.
depreciation, depletion and amortization. under the full cost accounting method, we capitalize costs within a cost center and then systematically expense those costs on a units of production basis based on proved oil and natural gas reserve quantities. we calculate depletion on the following types of costs: (i) all capitalized costs, other than the cost of investments in unproved properties and major development projects for which proved reserves cannot yet be assigned, less accumulated amortization; (ii) the estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing proved reserves; and (iii) the estimated dismantlement and abandonment costs, net of estimated salvage values. depreciation of other property and equipment is computed using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to fifteen years.
impairment of oil and natural gas properties. this is the cost to reduce proved oil and gas properties to the calculated full cost ceiling value.
other income (expense)
interest income (expense). we have financed a portion of our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and acquisitions with borrowings under our revolving credit facility and our net proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes. we incur interest expense that is affected by both fluctuations in interest rates and our financing decisions. this amount reflects interest paid to our lender plus the amortization of deferred financing costs (including origination and amendment fees), commitment fees and annual agency fees net of interest received on our cash and cash equivalents.
gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net. we utilize commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil. this amount represents (i) the recognition of the change in the fair value of open non-hedge derivative contracts as commodity prices change and commodity derivative contracts expire or new ones are entered into, and (ii) our gains and losses on the settlement of these commodity derivative instruments.
deferred tax assets (liabilities). we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (2) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. a valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
results of operations for a discussion of the results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis in our 2018 form 10-k, which was filed with the sec on february 25, 2019, which discussion is incorporated in this report by reference from such prior report on form 10-k. the following table sets forth selected historical operating data for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                           2018
production data:
oil (mbbls)                                     68,518                  34,367
natural gas (mmcf)                              97,613                  34,669
natural gas liquids (mbbls)                     18,498                   7,465
combined volumes (mboe)                        103,285                  47,610
daily oil volumes (bo/d)                       187,721                  94,156
daily combined volumes (boe/d)                 282,972                 130,439
average prices:
oil ($ per bbl)                                 $51.87                  $54.66
natural gas ($ per mcf)                          $0.68                   $1.76
natural gas liquids ($ per bbl)                 $14.42                  $25.47
combined ($ per boe)                            $37.63                  $44.73
oil, hedged ($ per bbl)(1)                      $51.96                  $51.20
natural gas, hedged ($ per mmbtu)(1)             $0.86                   $1.72
natural gas liquids, hedged ($ per bbl)(1)      $15.20                  $25.46
average price, hedged ($ per boe)(1)            $38.00                  $42.20
(1)   hedged prices reflect the effect of our commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices. our calculation of such effects include realized gains and losses on cash settlements for commodity derivatives, which we do not designate for hedge accounting.
production data substantially all of our revenues are generated through the sale of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production. the following tables set forth our production data for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                      2018
oil (mbbls)                     66      %            72      %
natural gas (mmcf)              16      %            12      %
natural gas liquids (mbbls)     18      %            16      %
100                                     %           100      %
comparison of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018
oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas revenues. our oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas revenues increased by approximately $1.8 billion, or 82%, to $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019 from $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. our revenues are a function of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes sold and average sales prices received for those volumes. average daily production sold increased by 152,533 boe/d to 282,972 boe/d during the year ended december 31, 2019 from 130,439 boe/d during the year ended december 31, 2018. the total increase in revenue of approximately $1.8 billion is attributable to higher oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes, partially offset by lower average sales prices for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in production volumes were due to a combination of increased drilling activity and growth through acquisitions. our
64
production increased by 34,151 mbbls of oil, 62,944 mmcf of natural gas and 11,033 mbbls of natural gas liquids for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
the net dollar effect of the change in prices of approximately $501 million (calculated as the change in period-to-period average prices multiplied by current period production volumes of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas) and the net dollar effect of the change in production of approximately $2.3 billion (calculated as the increase in period-to-period volumes for oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas multiplied by the period average prices) are shown below.
change in prices                                   production volumes(1)   total net dollar effect of change
(in millions)
effect of changes in price:
oil                                        $(2.79                    )                           68,518               $(191                       )
natural gas                                $(1.08                    )                           97,613               $(106                       )
natural gas liquids                        $(11.05                   )                           18,498               $(204                       )
total revenues due to change in price                                                                                 $(501                       )
change in production volumes(1)              prior period average prices   total net dollar effect of change
(in millions)
effect of changes in production volumes:
oil                                        34,151                                                $54.66               $1,867
natural gas                                62,944                                                 $1.76               $110
natural gas liquids                        11,033                                                $25.47               $281
total change in revenues                                                                                              $2,258
$1,757
(1)   production volumes are presented in mbbls for oil and natural gas liquids and mmcf for natural gas.
lease bonus revenue. the following table shows lease bonus revenue for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                    2018
(in millions)
lease bonus revenue   $4                      $3
lease bonus revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019 was attributable to lease bonus payments of less than $1 million to extend the term of seven leases and lease bonus payments of $3 million on 12 new leases. lease bonus revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018 was attributable to lease bonus payments of $1 million to extend the term of two leases and lease bonus payments of $2 million on five new leases.
midstream services revenue. the following table shows midstream services revenue for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                           2018
(in millions)
midstream services revenue   $64                     $34
our midstream services revenue represents fees charged to our joint interest owners and third parties for the transportation of oil and natural gas along with water gathering and related disposal facilities. these assets complement our operations in areas where we have significant production.
65
lease operating expenses. the following table shows lease operating expenses for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                  2018
(in millions, except per boe amounts)   amount         per boe            amount         per boe lease operating expenses                $490           $4.74              $205           $4.31
lease operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $285 million, or $0.43 per boe. in both cases, lease operating expenses increased primarily due to increased power generation costs as a result of reduced electrical availability as well as increased production and the higher cost of the central basin platform assets which were divested during 2019. we are actively working to mitigate this issue and expect these costs to decrease in the future.
production and ad valorem tax expense. the following table shows production and ad valorem tax expense for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                               2018
(in millions, except per boe amounts)           amount        per boe             amount        per boe production taxes                             $184          $1.78               $104          $2.18
ad valorem taxes                               64           0.62                 29           0.61
total production and ad valorem expense      $248          $2.40               $133          $2.79
in general, production taxes and ad valorem taxes are directly related to commodity price changes; however, texas ad valorem taxes are based upon prior year commodity prices, among other factors, whereas production taxes are based upon current year commodity prices. production taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $80 million due to increased overall production from acquisitions and well completions. production taxes per boe for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 decreased by $0.40 primarily due to a higher percentage increase in production volumes as compared to production taxes. ad valorem taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $35 million due to the addition of acquired and completed wells from the latter half of 2019.
midstream services expense. the following table shows midstream services expense for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                           2018
(in millions)
midstream services expense   $91                     $72
midstream services expense represents costs incurred to operate and maintain our oil and natural gas gathering and transportation systems, natural gas lift, compression infrastructure and water transportation facilities. midstream services expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, increased by $19 million primarily due to increased volume and build out of the rattler systems.
66
depreciation, depletion and amortization. the following table provides the components of our depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                                        2018
(in millions, except boe amounts)
depletion of proved oil and natural gas properties                                     $1,398                        $595
depreciation of midstream assets                                                           33                          19
depreciation of other property and equipment                                               16                           9
depreciation, depletion and amortization expense                                       $1,447                        $623
oil and natural gas properties depreciation, depletion and amortization per boe        $13.54                      $12.62
the increase in depletion of proved oil and natural gas properties of $803 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 resulted primarily from higher production levels and an increase in net book value on new reserves added.
impairment of oil and natural gas properties. the following table shows impairment of oil and natural gas properties for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                             2018
(in millions)
impairment of oil and natural gas properties   $790                    $-
general and administrative expenses. the following table shows general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                 2018
(in millions, except per boe amounts)             amount        per boe             amount        per boe general and administrative expenses             $56          $0.54                $38          $0.79
non-cash stock-based compensation                48           0.46                 27           0.57
total general and administrative expenses      $104          $1.00                $65          $1.36
general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $39 million primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits as a result of increased head count.
net interest expense. the following table shows net interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                     2018
(in millions)
net interest expense   $172                    $87
net interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, increased by $85 million. this increase was primarily due to increased average borrowings under our credit facility partially offset by a lower interest rate during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 as well as an increase in interest expense of $2 million related to our drillco agreement.
67
derivatives. the following table shows the gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                              2018
(in millions)
change in fair value of open non-hedge derivative instruments   $(188       )                $222
gain (loss) on settlement of non-hedge derivative instruments   80                           (121     )
gain (loss) on derivative instruments                           $(108       )                $101
we are required to recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. we have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. as a result, we mark our derivative instruments to fair value and recognize the cash and non-cash changes in fair value on derivative instruments in our consolidated statements of operations under the line item captioned "gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net."
provision for income taxes. the following table shows provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31,
2019                                           2018
(in millions)
provision for income taxes   $47                     $168
the change in our income tax provision was primarily due to the decrease in pre-tax income for the year ended december 31, 2019 and the change in the deferred income tax benefit resulting from estimated deferred taxes recognized as a result of viper's change in tax status for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
liquidity and capital resources historically, our primary sources of liquidity have been proceeds from our public equity offerings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes and cash flows from operations. our primary use of capital has been for the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties. as we pursue reserves and production growth, we regularly consider which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity requirements. our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us.
liquidity and cash flow our cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 are presented below:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                          2018
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities      $2,734                  $1,565
net cash used in investing activities          (3,888     )            (3,503     )
net cash provided by financing activities       1,062                   2,041
net change in cash                               $(92     )              $103
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $2.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in operating cash flows is primarily the result of an increase in our oil and natural gas revenues due to an increase in production during the year ended december 31, 2019, partially offset by lower average sales prices.
our operating cash flow is sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. regional
68
and worldwide economic activity, weather and other substantially variable factors influence market conditions for these products. these factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. see "-sources of our revenue" and item 1a. "risk factors" above.
investing activities the purchase and development of oil and natural gas properties accounted for the majority of our cash outlays for investing activities. we used cash for investing activities of $3.9 billion and $3.5 billion during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we spent (a) $2.7 billion on capital expenditures in conjunction with our drilling program, in which we drilled 330 gross (296 net) horizontal wells and completed 317 gross (289 net) operated horizontal wells, (b) $244 million on additions to midstream assets, (c) $333 million for the acquisition of mineral interests, (d) $443 million on leasehold acquisitions, (e) $5 million for the purchase of other property and equipment, (f) $1 million on investment in real estate and (g) $485 million on equity method investments.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we spent (a) $1.5 billion on capital expenditures in conjunction with our drilling program, in which we drilled 189 gross (168 net) horizontal wells and completed 176 gross (155 net) operated horizontal wells, (b) $204 million on additions to midstream assets, (c) $440 million for the acquisition of mineral interests, (d) $1.4 billion on leasehold acquisitions, (e) $7 million for the purchase of other property and equipment and (f) $111 million on investment in real estate.
our investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 are summarized in the following table:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                2018
(in thousands)
drilling, completion and infrastructure            $(2,677     )           $(1,461     )
additions to midstream assets                         (244     )              (204     )
acquisition of leasehold interests                    (443     )            (1,371     )
acquisition of mineral interests                      (333     )              (440     )
purchase of other property, equipment and land          (5     )                (7     )
investment in real estate                               (1     )              (111     )
proceeds from sale of assets                           300                      80
funds held in escrow                                     -                      11
equity investments                                    (485     )                 -
net cash used in investing activities              $(3,888     )           $(3,503     )
financing activities references in this section to "us, "we" or "our" shall mean diamondback energy, inc. and diamondback o&g llc, collectively, unless otherwise specified.
net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $1.1 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, the amount provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to $341 million in net proceeds from viper's public offering completed on march 1, 2019, $720 million in net proceeds from the rattler offering, $39 million in proceeds from joint ventures and $2.2 billion in proceeds from the december 2019 notes, net of repayments, partially offset by $1.4 billion of repayments, net of borrowings under our credit facility, $44 million of premium on debt extinguishment, $122 million of distributions to non-controlling interest, $13 million of share repurchases for tax withholdings, $593 million of share repurchases as part of our stock repurchase program and $112 million of dividends to stockholders.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, the amount provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to the issuance of $1.1 billion of new senior notes, $1.4 billion of borrowings, net of repayments under our credit facility, $559 million of repayments under energen's credit facility and an aggregate of $305 million of net proceeds from viper's public offerings, partially offset by $98 million of distributions to non-controlling interest and $37 million of dividends to stockholders.
69
4.750% senior notes on october 28, 2016, we issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 2024 under an indenture among us, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and wells fargo, as the trustee. on september 25, 2018, we issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of new 4.750% senior notes as additional notes under, and subject to the terms of the same indenture governing the 4.750% senior notes. we received approximately $741 million in net proceeds, after deducting the initial purchasers' discount and our estimated offering expenses, but disregarding accrued interest, from the issuance of the 4.750% senior notes. we used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 4.750% senior notes to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings our revolving credit facility and the balance for general corporate purposes, including funding a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition of certain assets from ajax resources llc.
on december 20, 2019, we redeemed all of the outstanding 4.750% senior notes, which we refer to as the redemption date. the redemption payment, which we refer to the redemption payment, included $1.25 billion of outstanding principal at a redemption price of 103.563% of the principal amount of the 4.750% senior notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding principal amount to the redemption date. on december 5, 2019, the indenture governing the 4.750% senior notes was fully satisfied and discharged and the guarantors were released from their guarantees of the 4.750% senior notes. the 4.750% senior notes, which bore interest at 4.750% per year, were scheduled to mature on november 1, 2024. on the redemption date, the redemption price will be paid to the holders of the 4.750% senior notes. we funded the redemption payment with a portion of our net proceeds from the issuance of the december 2019 notes.
the 4.750% senior notes, bore interest at a rate of 4.750% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears on may 1 and november 1 of each year, commencing on may 1, 2017, and would have matured on november 1, 2024. all of our restricted subsidiaries that guaranteed our revolving credit facility guaranteed the 4.750% senior notes; provided, however, that the 4.750% senior notes were not guaranteed by viper, viper's general partner, viper llc, rattler, rattler's general partner or rattler llc.
2025 senior notes on december 20, 2016, we issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2025, which we refer to as the exiting 2025 notes, under an indenture among us, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and wells fargo, as the trustee, which we refer to as the 2025 indenture. on january 29, 2018, we issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of new 5.375% senior notes due 2025 as additional notes under the 2025 indenture, which we refer to as the new 2025 notes and, together with the existing 2025 notes, as the 2025 senior notes. we received approximately $308.4 million in net proceeds, after deducting the initial purchaser's discount and our estimated offering expenses, but disregarding accrued interest, from the issuance of the new 2025 notes. we used the net proceeds from the issuance of the new 2025 notes to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
the 2025 senior notes bear interest at a rate of 5.375% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears on may 31 and november 30 of each year and will mature on may 31, 2025. all of our existing and future restricted subsidiaries that guarantee our revolving credit facility guarantee the 2025 senior notes. currently, the 2025 senior notes are not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries other than diamondback o&g llc and will not be guaranteed by any of our future unrestricted subsidiaries.
for additional information regarding the 2025 senior notes, see note 10-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
december 2019 notes offering on december 5, 2019, we issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2.875% senior notes due 2024, $800 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.250% senior notes due 2026 and $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.500% senior notes due 2029. the 2024 notes will mature on december 1, 2024, the 2026 notes will mature on december 1, 2026 and the 2029 notes will mature on december 1, 2029. interest will accrue and be payable semi-annually, in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on june 1, 2020. the december 2019 notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by diamondback o&g llc and are not guaranteed by any of our other subsidiaries.
the december 2019 notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of december 5, 2019, among us and wells fargo bank, as the trustee, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture dated as of december 5, 2019, which we refer to as the december 2019 notes indenture. the december 2019 notes indenture contains certain covenants that, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur liens
70
securing funded indebtedness and on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our assets.
for additional information regarding the december 2019 notes, see note 10-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
second amended and restated credit facility we and diamondback o&g llc, as borrower, entered into the second amended and restated credit agreement, dated november 1, 2013, as amended, with a syndicate of banks, including wells fargo, as administrative agent, and its affiliate wells fargo securities, llc, as sole book runner and lead arranger. on june 28, 2019, the credit agreement was amended pursuant to an eleventh amendment, which implemented certain changes to the credit facility for the period on and after the date on which our unsecured debt achieves an investment grade rating from two rating agencies and certain other conditions in the credit agreement are satisfied (the "investment grade changeover date"). at december 31, 2019, the maximum credit amount available under the credit agreement is $2.0 billion. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $13 million of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility and $1.99 billion available for future borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
diamondback o&g llc is the borrower under the credit agreement, and as of december 31, 2019, the credit agreement is guaranteed by diamondback energy, inc. none of our other subsidiaries are guarantors under our revolving credit facility. on december 5, 2019, diamondback o&g llc delivered a letter notifying the administrative agent under the credit agreement that as of such date, each of the guarantors, other than diamondback energy, inc., ceased to be a guarantor under the credit agreement.
the outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at a per annum rate elected by us that is equal to an alternate base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and 3-month libor plus 1.0%) or libor, in each case plus the applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.125% to 1.0% per annum and from 1.125% to 2.0% per annum in the case of libor, in each case, depending on the pricing level, which in turn depends on the rating agencies' rating of our unsecured debt. we are obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.125% to 0.350% per year on the unused portion of the commitment, based on the pricing level, which in turn depends on the rating agencies' rating of our unsecured debt.
loan principal may be optionally prepaid from time to time without premium or penalty (other than customary libor breakage). loan principal is required to be repaid (a) to the extent the loan amount exceeds the commitment due to any termination or reduction of the aggregate maximum credit amount and (b) at the maturity date of november 1, 2022.
the credit agreement contains a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a total net debt to capitalization ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 65%. our non-guarantor restricted subsidiaries may incur debt for borrowed money in an aggregate principal amount up to 15% of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreement) and we and our restricted subsidiaries may incur liens if the aggregate amount of debt secured by such liens does not exceed 15% of consolidated net tangible assets.
as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under our revolving credit facility, as then in effect. the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change of control.
energen notes at the effective time of the merger, energen became our wholly owned subsidiary and remained the issuer of an aggregate principal amount of $530 million in notes, which we refer to as the energen notes, issued under an indenture dated september 1, 1996 with the bank of new york as trustee, which we refer to as the energen indenture. as of december 31, 2019, the energen notes consist of: (a) $399 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes due on september 1, 2021, (2) $108 million of 7.125% notes due on february 15, 2028, (3) $21 million of 7.32% notes due on july 28, 2022, and (4) $11 million of 7.35% notes due on july 28, 2027.
the energen notes are the senior unsecured obligations of energen and, post-merger, energen, as our wholly owned subsidiary, continues to be the sole issuer and obligor under the energen notes. the energen notes rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of energen if any, and are effectively subordinated to energen's senior secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. neither we nor any of our subsidiaries guarantee the energen notes.
71
for additional information regarding the energen notes, see note 10-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
viper's facility-wells fargo bank on july 20, 2018, viper llc, as borrower, entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with viper, as guarantor, wells fargo, as administrative agent, and the other lenders. the credit agreement, as amended, which we refer to as the viper credit agreement, provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum credit amount of $2 billion and a borrowing base based on viper llc's oil and natural gas reserves and other factors (the "borrowing base") of $775 million, subject to scheduled semi-annual and other elective borrowing base redeterminations. the borrowing base is scheduled to be re-determined semi-annually with effective dates of may 1st and november 1st. in addition, viper llc and wells fargo each may request up to three interim redeterminations of the borrowing base during any 12-month period. in connection with viper's fall redetermination in november 2019, the borrowing base under the viper credit agreement was increased to $775 million. as of december 31, 2019, the borrowing base was $775 million, and viper llc had $97 million of outstanding borrowings and $678 million available for future borrowings under the viper credit agreement. neither we nor any of our other subsidiaries guarantee the viper credit agreement.
the outstanding borrowings under the viper credit agreement bear interest at a per annum rate elected by viper llc that is equal to an alternate base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5% and 3-month libor plus 1.0%) or libor, in each case plus the applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.75% to 1.75% per annum in the case of the alternate base rate and from 1.75% to 2.75% per annum in the case of libor, in each case depending on the amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding in relation to the commitment, which is defined as the lesser of the maximum credit amount and the borrowing base. viper llc is obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.375% to 0.500% per year on the unused portion of the commitment, which fee is also dependent on the amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding in relation to the commitment. loan principal may be optionally prepaid from time to time without premium or penalty (other than customary libor breakage), and is required to be repaid (i) to the extent the loan amount exceeds the commitment or the borrowing base, whether due to a borrowing base redetermination or otherwise (in some cases subject to a cure period), (ii) in an amount equal to the net cash proceeds from the sale of property when a borrowing base deficiency or event of default exists under the credit agreement and (iii) at the maturity date of november 1, 2022. the loan is secured by substantially all of the assets of viper and viper llc.
the viper credit agreement contains various affirmative, negative and financial maintenance covenants. these covenants, among other things, limit additional indebtedness, purchases of margin stock, additional liens, sales of assets, mergers and consolidations, dividends and distributions, transactions with affiliates and entering into certain swap agreements and require the maintenance of the financial ratios described below.
financial covenant                                                                 required ratio ratio of total net debt to ebitdax, as defined in the viper credit agreement       not greater than 4.0 to 1.0
ratio of current assets to liabilities, as defined in the viper credit agreement   not less than 1.0 to 1.0
the covenant prohibiting additional indebtedness allows for the issuance of unsecured debt of up to $1.0 billion in the form of senior unsecured notes and, in connection with any such issuance, the reduction of the borrowing base by 25% of the stated principal amount of each such issuance. the covenant limiting dividends and distributions includes an exception allowing viper llc to make distributions if no default, event of default or borrowing base deficiency exists.
as of december 31, 2019, viper and viper llc were in compliance with all financial covenants under the viper credit agreement, as then in effect. the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under the viper credit agreement upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the viper credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change of control.
viper's notes on october 16, 2019, viper completed an offering in which it issued its 5.375% senior notes due 2027 in aggregate principal amount of $500 million. viper received gross proceeds of $500 million from the such offering, which it loaned to viper llc. viper llc paid the expenses of the offering, resulting in net proceeds of the offering of $490 million, which viper llc used to pay down borrowings under the viper credit agreement.
the viper notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of october 16, 2019, among viper, as issuer, viper llc, as guarantor and wells fargo, as trustee, which we refer to as the viper indenture. pursuant to the viper indenture and the viper notes, interest on the viper notes accrues at a rate of 5.375% per annum on the outstanding principal amount thereof, payable semi-annually on may 1 and november 1 of each year, commencing on may 1, 2020. the viper notes will mature on november 1, 2027.
viper llc guarantees the viper notes pursuant to the viper indenture. neither we nor any of our other subsidiaries guarantee the viper notes.
the viper indenture contains certain covenants that, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, among other things, limit viper's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue certain redeemable or preferred equity, make certain investments, declare or pay dividends or make distributions on equity interests or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests or subordinated indebtedness, transfer or sell assets, agree to payment restrictions affecting its restricted subsidiaries, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, enter into transactions with affiliates, incur liens and designate certain of its subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. these covenants are subject to numerous exceptions, some of which are material. certain of these covenants are subject to termination upon the occurrence of certain events.
rattler's credit agreement in connection with the rattler offering, rattler, as parent, and rattler llc, as borrower, entered into a credit agreement, dated may 28, 2019, with wells fargo bank, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of banks, as lenders party thereto, which we refer to as the rattler credit agreement.
the rattler credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum credit amount of $600 million. loan principal may be optionally prepaid from time to time without premium or penalty (other than customary libor breakage), and is required to be prepaid at the maturity date of may 28, 2024. the rattler credit agreement is guaranteed by rattler, tall city, rattler omog llc and rattler ajax processing llc and is secured by substantially all of the assets of rattler llc, rattler, tall city, rattler omog llc and rattler ajax processing llc. as of december 31, 2019, rattler llc had $424 million of outstanding borrowings and $176 million available for future borrowings under the rattler credit agreement.
the outstanding borrowings under the rattler credit agreement bear interest at a per annum rate elected by rattler llc that is based on the prime rate or libor, in each case plus an applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.250% to 1.250% per annum for prime-based loans and 1.250% to 2.250% per annum for libor loans, in each case depending on the consolidated total leverage ratio (as defined in the rattler credit agreement). rattler llc is obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.250% to 0.375% per annum on the unused portion of the commitment, which fee is also dependent on the consolidated total leverage ratio.
the rattler credit agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants. these covenants, among other things, limit additional indebtedness, additional liens, sales of assets, mergers and consolidations, distributions and other restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, and entering into certain swap agreements, in each case of rattler, rattler llc and their restricted subsidiaries. the covenants are subject to exceptions set forth in the rattler credit agreement, including an exception allowing rattler llc or rattler to issue unsecured debt securities and an exception allowing payment of distributions if no default or events of default exists.
the rattler credit agreement also contains financial maintenance covenants that require the maintenance of the financial ratios described below:
financial covenant                                                                                                                                                                              required ratio consolidated total leverage ratio                                                                                                                                                               not greater than 5.00 to 1.00 (or not greater than 5.50 to 1.00 for 3 fiscal quarters following certain acquisitions), but if the consolidated senior secured leverage ratio (as defined in the rattler credit agreement) is applicable, then not greater than 5.25 to 1.00)
consolidated senior secured leverage ratio commencing with the last day of any fiscal quarter in which the financial covenant election (as defined in the rattler credit agreement) is made     not greater than 3.50 to 1.00
consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the rattler credit agreement)                                                                                                               not less than 2.50 to 1.00
for purposes of calculating the financial maintenance covenants prior to the fiscal quarter ending june 30, 2020, ebitda (as defined in the rattler credit agreement) will be annualized based on the actual ebitda for the preceding fiscal quarters starting with the fiscal quarter ending september 30, 2019.
as of december 31, 2019, rattler and rattler llc were in compliance with all financial covenants under the rattler credit agreement. the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under the rattler credit agreement upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the rattler credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change in control.
capital requirements and sources of liquidity our board of directors approved a 2020 capital budget for drilling, midstream and infrastructure of $2.8 billion to $3.0 billion, representing an increase of 1% over our 2019 capital budget. we estimate that, of these expenditures, approximately:
•   $2.45 billion to $2.6 billion will be spent on drilling and completing 320 to 360 gross (288 to 324 net) horizontal wells across our operated leasehold acreage in the northern midland and southern delaware basins, with an average lateral length of approximately 9,700 feet;
•   $200 million to $225 million will be spent on midstream infrastructure, excluding joint venture investments; and
•   $150 million to $175 million will be spent on infrastructure and other expenditures, excluding the cost of any leasehold and mineral interest acquisitions.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, our aggregate capital expenditures for drilling and infrastructure were $2.7 billion. we do not have a specific acquisition budget since the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be accurately forecasted. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we spent approximately $443 million in cash on acquisitions of leasehold interests and mineral acres.
in may 2019, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to $2 billion of our outstanding common stock through december 31, 2020. we repurchased approximately $598 million of our common stock under this program during the year ended december 31, 2019, with approximately $1.4 billion remaining available for future repurchases under this program. we intend to continue to purchase shares under the repurchase program opportunistically with available funds primarily from cash flow from operations and liquidity events such as the sale of assets while maintaining sufficient liquidity to fund our capital expenditure programs.
the amount and timing of our capital expenditures are largely discretionary and within our control. we could choose to defer a portion of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. we are currently operating 23 drilling rigs including two rigs drilling produced water disposal wells and nine completion crews. we will continue monitoring commodity prices and overall market conditions and can adjust our rig cadence up or down in response to changes in commodity prices and overall market conditions.
74
based upon current oil and natural gas prices and production expectations for 2020, we believe that our cash flow from operations, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2020. however, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices, and significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties. further, our 2020 capital expenditure budget does not allocate any funds for leasehold interest and property acquisitions.
we monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to the results of our drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow and other factors both within and outside our control. if we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and or equity securities or other means. we cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. in addition, we may not be able to complete acquisitions that may be favorable to us or finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves. if there is a decline in commodity prices, our revenues, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity and reserves may be materially and adversely affected.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2019:
payments due by period
2020                                                                                          2021-2022       2023-2024             thereafter                    total
(in millions)
secured revolving credit facility(1)                                  $-                      $13             $-                    $-                          $13
commitment fees related to the secured revolving credit facility(2)   2                         5             -                     -                             7
senior notes                                                          -                       420             1,000                 2,919                     4,339
interest expense related to the senior notes(3)                       168                     311                   294                   301                 1,074
drillco agreement                                                     -                         -             -                            39                    39
viper's secured revolving credit facility(1)                          -                        97             -                     -                            97
commitment fees under viper's credit agreement(4)                                                             -                     -                             7
viper's senior notes                                                  -                         -             -                           500                   500
interest expense related to viper's senior notes                      27                       54                    54                    76                   211
rattler's secured revolving credit facility(1)                        -                         -                   424             -                           424
commitment fees under rattler's credit agreement(5)                   -                         1                                   -
asset retirement obligations(6)                                       -                         -             -                            94                    94
drilling commitments(7)                                               15                        -             -                     -                            15
sand supply agreements                                                18                       36                    36                    23                   113
operating lease obligations(8)                                        11                       14                     7                     5                    37
$244                   $955             $1,816                $3,957                   $6,972
(1)   includes the outstanding principal amount under the revolving credit facilities, the table does not include interest expense or other fees payable under this floating rate facility as we cannot predict the timing of future borrowings and repayments or interest rates to be charged.
(2)   includes only the minimum amount of commitment fees due which, as of december 31, 2019, includes a commitment fee equal to 0.125% per year of the unused portion of the borrowing base of the company's credit agreement.
(3)   interest represents the scheduled cash payments on the senior notes and energen notes.
(4)   includes only the minimum amount of commitment fees due which, as of december 31, 2019, includes a commitment fee equal to 0.375% per year of the unused portion of the borrowing base of viper's credit agreement.
(5)   includes only the minimum amount of commitment fees due which, as of december 31, 2019, includes a commitment fee equal to 0.250% per year of the unused portion of the borrowing base of rattler's credit agreement.
(6)   amounts represent our estimates of future asset retirement obligations. because these costs typically extend many years into the future, estimating these future costs requires management to make estimates and judgments that are subject to future revisions based upon numerous factors, including the rate of inflation, changing technology and the political and regulatory environment. see note 8-asset retirement obligations of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
75
(7)   drilling commitments represent future minimum expenditure commitments for drilling rig services under contracts to which the company was a party on december 31, 2019.
(8)   operating lease obligations represent future commitments for building, equipment and vehicle leases.
the table above does not include estimated deficiency fees related to certain volume commitments that we have as they are based off future volume deliveries and differences from market pricing which we cannot predict.
critical accounting policies the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. below, we have provided expanded discussion of our more significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments. we believe these accounting policies reflect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparation of our financial statements. see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
use of estimates certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated by our management, requiring certain assumptions to be made with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. these estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. actual results could differ from those estimates.
we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis, using historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include estimates of proved oil and gas reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom, the carrying value of oil and natural gas properties, asset retirement obligations, the fair value determination of acquired assets and liabilities, equity-based compensation, fair value estimates of commodity derivatives and estimates of income taxes.
method of accounting for oil and natural gas properties we account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are capitalized. we also capitalize direct operating costs for services performed with internally owned drilling and well servicing equipment. internal costs capitalized to the full cost pool represent management's estimate of costs incurred directly related to exploration and development activities such as geological and other administrative costs associated with overseeing the exploration and development activities. all internal costs unrelated to drilling activities are expensed as incurred. sales or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to proved reserves would significantly change. income from services provided to working interest owners of properties in which we also own an interest, to the extent they exceed related costs incurred, are accounted for as reductions of capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties. depletion of evaluated oil and natural gas properties is computed on the units of production method, whereby capitalized costs plus estimated future development costs are amortized over total proved reserves.
costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until we have made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. we assess all items classified as unevaluated property on an annual basis for possible impairment. we assess properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. the assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. during any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.
oil and natural gas reserve quantities and standardized measure of future net revenue our independent engineers and technical staff prepare our estimates of oil and natural gas reserves and associated future net revenues. the sec has defined proved reserves as the estimated quantities of oil and natural gas which geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. the process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex, requiring significant decisions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. the data for a given property may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors, including additional development activity, evolving production history and a continual reassessment of the viability of production under changing economic conditions. as a result, material revisions to existing reserve estimates occur from time to time. although every reasonable effort is made to ensure that reserve estimates reported represent the most accurate assessments possible, the subjective decisions and variances in available data for various properties increase the likelihood of significant changes in these estimates. if such changes are material, they could significantly affect future amortization of capitalized costs and result in impairment of assets that may be material.
there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved oil and natural gas reserves. oil and natural gas reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be precisely measured and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of the estimate may justify revision of such estimate. accordingly, reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered.
revenue recognition revenue from contracts with customers sales of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids are recognized at the point control of the product is transferred to the customer. virtually all of the pricing provisions in our contracts are tied to a market index, with certain adjustments based on, among other factors, whether a well delivers to a gathering or transmission line, the quality of the oil or natural gas and the prevailing supply and demand conditions. as a result, the price of the oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids fluctuates to remain competitive with other available oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids supplies.
oil sales our oil sales contracts are generally structured where it delivers oil to the purchaser at a contractually agreed-upon delivery point at which the purchaser takes custody, title and risk of loss of the product. under this arrangement, we or a third party transports the product to the delivery point and receives a specified index price from the purchaser with no deduction. in this scenario, we recognize revenue when control transfers to the purchaser at the delivery point based on the price received from the purchaser. oil revenues are recorded net of any third-party transportation fees and other applicable differentials in our consolidated statements of operations.
natural gas and natural gas liquids sales under our natural gas processing contracts, it delivers natural gas to a midstream processing entity at the wellhead, battery facilities or the inlet of the midstream processing entity's system. the midstream processing entity gathers and processes the natural gas and remits proceeds to us for the resulting sales of natural gas liquids and residue gas. in these scenarios, we evaluate whether it is the principal or the agent in the transaction. for those contracts where we have concluded it is the principal and the ultimate third party is its customer, we recognize revenue on a gross basis, with transportation, gathering, processing, treating and compression fees presented as an expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
in certain natural gas processing agreements, we may elect to take its residue gas and/or natural gas liquids in-kind at the tailgate of the midstream entity's processing plant and subsequently market the product. through the marketing process, we deliver product to the ultimate third-party purchaser at a contractually agreed-upon delivery point and receives a specified index price from the purchaser. in this scenario, we recognize revenue when control transfers to the purchaser at the delivery point based on the index price received from the purchaser. the gathering, processing, treating and compression fees attributable to the gas processing contract, as well as any transportation fees incurred to deliver the product to the purchaser, are presented as transportation, gathering, processing, treating and compression expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
midstream revenue substantially all revenues from gathering, compression, water handling, disposal and treatment operations are derived from intersegment transactions for services rattler provides to exploration and production operations. the portion of such fees shown in our consolidated financial statements represent amounts charged to interest owners in our operated wells, as well as fees charged to other third parties for water handling and treatment services provided by rattler or usage of rattler's gathering and compression systems. for gathering and compression revenue, rattler satisfies its performance obligations and recognizes revenue when low pressure volumes are delivered to a specified delivery point. revenue is recognized based on the per mmbtu gathering fee or a per barrel gathering fee charged by rattler in accordance with the gathering and compression agreement. for water handling and treatment revenue, rattler satisfies its performance obligations and recognizes revenue when the water volumes have been delivered to the fracwater meter for a specified well pad and the wastewater volumes have been metered downstream of our facilities. for services contracted through third party providers, rattler's performance obligation is satisfied when the service performed by the third party provider has been completed. revenue is recognized based on the per barrel water delivery or a wastewater gathering and disposal fee charged by rattler in accordance with the water services agreement.
transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations our upstream product sales contracts do not originate until production occurs and, therefore, are not considered to exist beyond each days' production. therefore, there are no remaining performance obligations under any of our product sales contracts.
the majority of our midstream revenue agreements have a term greater than one year, and as such we have utilized the practical expedient in asc 606, which states that we are not required to disclose the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation. under our revenue agreements, each delivery generally represents a separate performance obligation; therefore, future volumes delivered are wholly unsatisfied and disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations is not required.
the remainder of our midstream revenue agreements, which relate to agreements with third parties, are short-term in nature with a term of one year or less. we have utilized an additional practical expedient in asc 606 which exempts it from disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the performance obligation is part of an agreement that has an original expected duration of one year or less.
contract balances under our product sales contracts, we have the right to invoice our customers once the performance obligations have been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional. accordingly, our product sales contracts do not give rise to contract assets or liabilities under asc 606.
prior-period performance obligations we record revenue in the month production is delivered to the purchaser. however, settlement statements for certain natural gas and natural gas liquids sales may not be received for 30 to 90 days after the date production is delivered, and as a result, we are required to estimate the amount of production delivered to the purchaser and the price that will be received for the sale of the product. we record the differences between our estimates and the actual amounts received for product sales in the month that payment is received from the purchaser. we have existing internal controls for our revenue estimation process and related accruals, and any identified differences between our revenue estimates and actual revenue received historically have not been significant. for the year ended december 31, 2019, revenue recognized in the reporting period related to performance obligations satisfied in prior reporting periods was not material. we believe that the pricing provisions of our oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids contracts are customary in the industry. to the extent actual volumes and prices of oil and natural gas sales are unavailable for a given reporting period because of timing or information not received from third parties, the revenue related to expected sales volumes and prices for those properties are estimated and recorded.
impairment we use the full cost method of accounting for our oil and natural gas properties. under this method, all acquisition, exploration and development costs, including certain internal costs, are capitalized and amortized on a composite unit of production method based on proved oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas reserves. internal costs capitalized to the full cost pool represent management's estimate of costs incurred directly related to exploration and development activities such as geological and other administrative costs associated with overseeing the exploration and development activities. all internal costs not directly associated with exploration and development activities were charged to expense as they were incurred. costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until we have made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. the inclusion of our unevaluated costs into the amortization base is expected to be completed within three to five years. sales of oil and natural gas properties, whether or not being amortized currently, are accounted for as adjustments of capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recognized, unless such adjustments would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved reserves of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas.
under this method of accounting, we are required to perform a ceiling test each quarter. the test determines a limit, or ceiling, on the book value of the proved oil and natural gas properties. net capitalized costs are limited to the lower of unamortized cost net of deferred income taxes, or the cost center ceiling. the cost center ceiling is defined as the sum of (a) estimated future net revenues, discounted at 10% per annum, from proved reserves, based on the trailing 12-month unweighted average of the first-day-of-the-month price, adjusted for any contract provisions and excluding the estimated abandonment costs for properties with asset retirement obligations recorded on the balance sheet, (b) the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, and (c) the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties included in the cost being amortized, including related deferred taxes for differences between the book and tax basis of the oil and natural gas properties. if the net book value, including related deferred taxes, exceeds the ceiling, an impairment or non-cash writedown is required.
asset retirement obligations we measure the future cost to retire our tangible long-lived assets and recognize such cost as a liability for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction or normal operation of a long-lived asset. the fair value of a liability for an asset's retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made and the corresponding cost is capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. the liability is accreted to its then present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. if the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount, the difference is recorded in oil and natural gas properties.
our asset retirement obligations primarily relate to the future plugging and abandonment of wells and related facilities. estimating the future restoration and removal costs is difficult and requires management to make estimates and judgments because most of the removal obligations are many years in the future and asset removal technologies and costs are constantly changing, as are regulatory, political, environmental, safety and public relations considerations. we estimate the future plugging and abandonment costs of wells, the ultimate productive life of the properties, a risk-adjusted discount rate and an inflation factor in order to determine the current present value of this obligation. to the extent future revisions to these assumptions impact the present value of the existing asset retirement obligation liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the oil and natural gas property balance.
derivatives from time to time, we have used energy derivatives for the purpose of mitigating the risk resulting from fluctuations in the market price of crude oil and natural gas. we recognize all of our derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value. the accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and further on the type of hedging relationship. none of our derivatives were designated as hedging instruments during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. for derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in earnings during the period of change.
accounting for equity-based compensation we grant various types of equity-based awards including stock options and restricted stock units. these plans and related accounting policies are defined and described more fully in note 12-equity-based compensation of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in the form 10-k. stock compensation awards are measured at fair value on the date of grant and are expensed, net of estimated forfeitures, over the required service period.
income taxes we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (2) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. a valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
79
recent accounting pronouncements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
inflation inflation in the united states has been relatively low in recent years and did not have a material impact on results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. although the impact of inflation has been insignificant in recent years, it is still a factor in the united states economy and we tend to experience inflationary pressure on the cost of oilfield services and equipment as increasing oil and gas prices increase drilling activity in our areas of operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019. please read note 18-commitments and contingencies included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k, for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies, some of which are not recognized in the balance sheets under gaap.
