item 1a. risk factors.
this report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of united states (u.s.) federal securities laws. forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical facts, such as plans, projections or expectations relating to ore grades and milling rates; production and sales volumes; unit net cash costs; operating cash flows; capital expenditures; our expectations regarding our share of pt freeport indonesia's (pt-fi) net (loss) income and future cash flows through 2022; pt-fi's development, financing, construction and completion of a new smelter in indonesia; our expectations regarding results associated with productivity and innovation initiatives; exploration efforts and results; development and production activities, rates and costs; liquidity; tax rates; export quotas and duties; the impact of copper, gold and molybdenum price changes; the impact of deferred intercompany profits on earnings; reserve estimates; execution of the settlement agreement associated with the louisiana coastal erosion cases; and future dividend payments, share purchases and sales.
we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. we caution readers that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated, expected, projected or assumed in the forward-looking statements. important factors that can cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements include the following:
financial risks fluctuations in the market prices of the commodities we produce, primarily copper, gold and molybdenum, have caused and may continue to cause significant volatility in our financial performance and in the trading prices of our common stock and debt. extended declines in the market prices of copper, gold and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum could adversely affect our earnings, cash flows and asset values and, if sustained, may adversely affect our ability to repay debt.
our financial results will vary with fluctuations in the market prices of the commodities we produce, primarily copper and gold, and to a lesser extent molybdenum. an extended decline in market prices of these commodities could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, the value of our assets and/or our ability to repay our debt and meet our other fixed obligations; and may depress the trading prices of our common stock and of our publicly traded debt securities.
additionally, if market prices for our primary commodities decline for a sustained period of time, we may have to revise our operating plans, including curtailing production, reducing operating costs and capital expenditures, and discontinuing certain exploration and development programs. we may be unable to decrease our costs in an amount sufficient to offset reductions in revenues, in which case we may incur losses, and those losses may be material.
fluctuations in commodities prices are caused by varied and complex factors beyond our control, including global supply and demand balances and inventory levels; global economic and political conditions; international regulatory, trade and tax policies, including national tariffs; commodities investment activity and speculation; interest rates; the strength of the u.s. dollar compared to foreign currencies; the price and availability of substitute products; and changes in technology. volatility in global economic growth, particularly in developing economies, has the potential to adversely affect future demand and prices for commodities. geopolitical uncertainty, including the united kingdom's exit from the european union (commonly referred to as brexit), and protectionism, have the potential to inhibit international trade and negatively impact business confidence, which creates the risk of constraints on our ability to trade in certain markets and has the potential to increase price volatility.
copper prices may be affected by demand from china, which has become the largest consumer of refined copper in the world, and by changes in demand for industrial, commercial and residential products containing copper. china's economy continues to struggle with rising debt levels, softening domestic consumer demand, the effects of a prolonged trade war, and more recently, the coronavirus outbreak, which has led to the temporary closure of some manufacturing activities in china. although our sales to date have not been significantly affected, a continued slowing in china's economic growth, the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, changes in china-u.s. relations, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies are difficult to predict and could adversely affect copper prices, demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the u.s. economy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
35
copper prices have fluctuated historically, with london metal exchange (lme) copper settlement prices ranging from $2.48 per pound to $3.29 per pound during the three years ended december 31, 2019. lme copper settlement prices averaged $2.72 per pound in 2019, $2.96 per pound in 2018 and $2.80 per pound in 2017. the lme copper settlement price was $2.79 per pound on december 31, 2019, and $2.53 per pound on january 31, 2020.
factors affecting gold prices may include the relative strength of the u.s. dollar to other currencies, inflation and interest rate expectations, purchases and sales of gold by governments and central banks, demand from china and india, two of the world's largest consumers of gold, and global demand for jewelry containing gold. the london pm gold price averaged $1,393 per ounce in 2019, $1,268 per ounce in 2018 and $1,257 per ounce in 2017. the london pm gold price was $1,515 per ounce on december 30, 2019 (there was no london pm gold price quote on december 31, 2019), and $1,584 per ounce on january 31, 2020.
the metals week molybdenum dealer oxide weekly average price averaged $11.37 per pound in 2019, $11.93 per pound in 2018 and $8.21 per pound in 2017. the metals week molybdenum dealer oxide weekly average price was $9.23 per pound on december 31, 2019, and $10.40 per pound on january 31, 2020.
declines in prices of commodities we sell could result in metals inventory adjustments and impairment charges for our long-lived assets. refer to note  for additional information regarding metals inventory adjustments. other events that could result in impairment of our long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in estimated proven and probable mineral reserves and any event that might have a material adverse effect on current and future expected mine production costs.
our debt and other financial commitments may limit our financial and operating flexibility.
at december 31, 2019, our total consolidated debt was $9.8 billion (see note 8) and our total consolidated cash was $2.0 billion. we also have various other financial commitments, including reclamation and environmental obligations, take-or-pay contracts and leases. for further information, refer to the risk factor below relating to mine closure and reclamation regulations, and plugging and abandonment obligations related to our remaining oil and gas properties. although we have been successful in repaying debt in the past and issuing new debt securities in capital markets transactions, there can be no assurance that we can continue to do so. in addition, we may assume additional debt in future periods or reduce our holdings of cash and cash equivalents in connection with funding existing operations, capital expenditures, dividends or in pursuing other business opportunities.
our level of indebtedness and other financial commitments could have important consequences to our business, including the following:
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industry in which we operate;
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   limiting our ability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and/or material contingencies, to engage in future development activities, or to otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our debt;
•   requiring us to sell assets to reduce debt; or
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt and/or fewer financial commitments.
any failure to comply with the financial and other covenants in our debt agreements may result in an event of default that would allow the creditors to accelerate maturities of the related debt, which in turn may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt agreements. our available cash and liquidity may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our debt instruments that may be accelerated upon an event of default.
as of january 31, 2020, our senior unsecured debt was rated "bb" with a stable outlook by standard & poor's (s&p), "bb+" with a stable outlook by fitch ratings (fitch), and "ba1" with a stable outlook by moody's investors service (moody's). if we are unable to maintain our indebtedness and financial ratios at levels acceptable to these credit rating agencies, or should our business prospects deteriorate, our current credit ratings could be
36
downgraded, which could adversely affect the value of our outstanding securities and existing debt and our ability to obtain new financing on favorable terms and could increase our borrowing costs.
certain of our debt agreements, including our revolving credit facility, use the london interbank offered rate (libor) as a reference rate. in july 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021, which could cause market volatility or disruption. if libor is unavailable after 2021, our debt with interest rates that are indexed to libor will be determined using various alternative methods to the extent provided for in our agreements, which could result in increases in interest rates on such debt. further, we may need to renegotiate our debt agreements and the loans that utilize libor to replace libor with the new standard that is established by the u.s. alternative rate reference committee, which is currently expected to be the secured overnight bank financing rate. it is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms, or the establishment of alternative reference rates on our borrowing costs or the capital markets generally.
mine closure and reclamation regulations impose substantial costs on our operations and include requirements that we provide financial assurance supporting those obligations. we also have plugging and abandonment obligations related to our remaining oil and gas properties, and are required to provide bonds or other forms of financial assurance in connection with those properties. changes in or the failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on us.
we are required by u.s. federal and state laws and regulations to provide financial assurance sufficient to allow a third party to implement approved closure and reclamation plans for our mining properties if we are unable to do so. most of our financial assurance obligations are imposed by state laws that vary significantly by jurisdiction, depending on how each state regulates land use and groundwater quality. the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) and state agencies may also require financial assurance for investigation and remediation actions that are required under settlements of enforcement actions under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act of 1980 (cercla) or similar state laws. refer to note 12 for additional information regarding our financial assurance obligations.
we are also subject to financial assurance requirements in connection with our remaining oil and gas properties under both state and federal laws, including financial responsibility required under the oil pollution act of 1990 to cover containment and cleanup costs resulting from an oil spill. in 2016, the u.s. bureau of ocean energy management (boem) issued revised requirements for lessees operating in federal waters to secure the cost of plugging, abandoning, decommissioning and/or removing wells, platforms and pipelines at the end of production. the revised requirements eliminate previously provided waivers from requirements to post security. in early 2017, the boem announced a delay in the implementation of certain aspects of the rules pending further review and in june 2017, boem further extended the start date for implementation indefinitely. this extension currently remains in effect. if implemented, the new requirements could require us to post security in the form of bonds or similar assurances. the cost for bonds or other forms of assurances can be substantial, and there is no assurance that they can be obtained in all cases.
as of december 31, 2019, our financial assurance obligations totaled $1.3 billion for closure and reclamation/restoration costs of u.s. mining sites, and $0.5 billion for plugging and abandonment obligations of our remaining oil and gas properties. a substantial portion of our financial assurance obligations are satisfied by fcx and subsidiary guarantees and financial capability demonstrations. our ability to continue to provide guarantees and financial capability demonstrations depends on state and other regulatory requirements, our financial performance and our financial condition. other forms of assurance, such as letters of credit and surety bonds, are costly to provide and, depending on our financial condition and market conditions, may be difficult or impossible to obtain. failure to provide the required financial assurance could result in the closure of the affected properties.
the laws and regulations governing mine closure and remediation in a particular jurisdiction and oil and gas properties plugging and abandonment obligations are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions which may cause our provisions for environmental and asset retirement obligations to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. refer to notes 1 and 12, for further discussion of our environmental and asset retirement obligations.
37
unanticipated litigation or negative developments in pending litigation or with respect to other contingencies could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
we are involved in numerous legal proceedings and subject to other contingencies that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of our business or are associated with environmental issues, including those described in note 12 and in item 3. "legal proceedings" involving matters such as remediation, restoration and reclamation of environmental contamination, claims of personal injury or property damage arising from such contamination or from exposure to substances such as lead, arsenic, asbestos, talc and other allegedly toxic substances, disputes over water rights, and disputes with foreign governments or regulatory authorities over royalties, taxes, rights and obligations under concession or other agreements, or other matters. we are also involved periodically in other reviews, inquiries, investigations and other proceedings initiated by or involving government agencies, some of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. in addition, from time to time we are involved in disputes over the allocation of environmental remediation obligations at superfund and other sites. the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain and adverse developments or outcomes can result in significant monetary damages, penalties, other sanctions or injunctive relief against us, limitations on our property rights, or regulatory interpretations that increase our operating costs. management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcome of any individual legal proceeding will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, although individual or cumulative outcomes could be material to our operating results for a particular period, depending on the nature and magnitude of the outcome and the operating results for the period.
we may be adversely impacted by increased liabilities and costs related to our defined benefit pension plans.
we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for certain current and former employees in the u.s. and a few pension plans for non-u.s. locations which provide for specified payments after retirement. the major defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a diversified portfolio of securities and other investments. changes in regulatory requirements or the market value of plan assets, investment returns, interest rates and mortality rates may affect the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost, future funding requirements of the plans and the funded status as recorded on the balance sheet. a sustained period of low or insufficient returns could require us to fund our pension plans to a greater extent than anticipated. refer to note 9 for further discussion.
international risks our international operations are subject to political, economic, social and regional risks of doing business in countries outside the u.s.
we are a u.s.-based mining company with substantial assets located outside of the u.s. we conduct international mining operations in indonesia, peru and chile and exploration activities in various foreign jurisdictions. accordingly, in addition to the usual risks associated with conducting business in countries outside the u.s., our business may be adversely affected by political, economic, social and regional uncertainties in each of these countries. risks of conducting business in countries outside the u.s. include:
•   delays in obtaining or renewing, or the inability to obtain, maintain or renew, or the renegotiation, cancellation, revocation or forced modification of existing contracts, leases, licenses, permits or other agreements and/or approvals;
•   expropriation or nationalization of property, protectionism, or restrictions on repatriation of earnings or capital;
•   changes in the host country's laws, regulations and policies (which may be applied retroactively), including, but not limited to, those relating to labor, taxation, royalties, duties, tariffs, divestment, imports, exports (including restrictions on the export of copper concentrates, copper and/or gold), trade regulations, currency and environmental matters (including land use and water use), which because of rising "resource nationalism" in countries around the world, may impose increasingly onerous requirements on foreign operations and investment;
38
•   political, social and economic instability, bribery, extortion, corruption, civil unrest, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism;
•   changes in the aspirations and expectations of local communities in which we operate with respect to our contributions to employee health and safety, infrastructure and community development and other factors that may affect our social license to operate, all of which lead to increased costs;
•   risk of loss associated with trespass, local artisanal or illegal mining, theft and vandalism or due to potential pandemic and endemic health issues;
•   changes in u.s. trade, tax, immigration or other policies that may harm relations with foreign countries or result in retaliatory policies;
•   increases in training and other costs and challenges relating to requirements by governmental entities to employ the nationals of the country in which a particular operation is located;
•   foreign exchange controls, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and inflation;
•   reduced protection for intellectual property rights; and
•   the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of an international court or arbitration panel or having to enforce the judgment of an international court or arbitration panel against a sovereign nation.
our insurance does not cover most losses caused by the above described risks. accordingly, our exploration, development and production activities outside of the u.s. may be substantially affected by many unpredictable factors beyond our control, some of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
our international operations must comply with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws of the other jurisdictions in which we operate. there has been a substantial increase in the global enforcement of these laws in recent years. we operate in jurisdictions that have experienced public and private sector corruption and where significant anti-corruption enforcement activities, prosecutions, and settlements have occurred. there can be no assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from misinterpretation of or noncompliance with applicable laws and internal policies, recklessness, fraudulent behavior, dishonesty or other inappropriate acts committed by our affiliates, employees, agents or contractors. as such, our corporate policies and processes may not prevent or detect all potential breaches of law or other governance practices. any violation of anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws could result in significant criminal or civil fines and penalties, litigation, and loss of operating licenses or permits, and may damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
we are involved in several significant tax proceedings and other tax disputes with indonesia and peru tax authorities (refer to note 12 for further discussion of these matters). other risks specific to certain countries in which we operate are discussed in more detail below.
because our mining operations in indonesia are a significant operating asset, our business may be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in indonesia.
our indonesia mining operations include the grasberg minerals district, one of the world's largest copper and gold deposits. these operations are conducted by our subsidiary pt-fi pursuant to a special mining license (iupk) issued by the indonesia government. refer to note 13 for a summary of the iupk's key fiscal terms.
maintaining a good working relationship with the indonesia government is important because of the significance of our indonesia operations to our business, and because our mining operations there are among indonesia's most significant business enterprises. the grasberg minerals district has been designated by the indonesia government as one of indonesia's vital national assets. partially because of its significance to indonesia's economy, the environmentally sensitive area where it is located, and the number of people employed, our indonesia operations have been the subject of political debates and of criticism in the indonesia press, and have been the target of protests and occasional violence. improper management of our working relationship with the indonesia government could lead to a disruption of operations and/or impact our reputation in indonesia and in the region
39
where we operate, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, pt indonesia asahan aluminium (persero) (pt inalum), a shareholder in pt-fi, is an indonesia state-owned enterprise. disputes between us and pt inalum may result in litigation or arbitration, which could increase our expenses and distract our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business and could create tensions with the indonesia government.
the indonesia mining industry is subject to extensive regulation within indonesia, and there have been major developments in laws and regulations applicable to mining concession holders, some of which have conflicted with pt-fi's contractual rights in the past. in particular, the enactment of law no. 4 of 2009 on coal and mineral mining on january 12, 2009 (the mining law) replaced the previous regulatory framework which allowed concession holders, including pt-fi, to conduct mining activities in indonesia under a contract of work system. the mining law, which sets out the regulatory framework for the mining industry in indonesia, only contains substantive principles and leaves many specific issues to be addressed in implementing regulations, some of which have conflicted with pt-fi's contractual rights in the past, including, but not limited to, regulations that imposed a progressive export duty on copper concentrate, restricted exports of copper concentrate and anode slimes, increased royalty rates, and required payment of a smelter assurance bond to support a commitment to construct a new smelter in indonesia (refer to note 13 for further discussion of the smelter assurance bond). in january 2017, pt-fi suspended exports through april 2017 in response to these mining law regulations.
the mining law stipulated that previously granted mining rights (through a contract of work) would continue to be valid until expiry, subject to certain adjustments. pt-fi's former contract of work (cow) was concluded pursuant to the 1967 foreign capital investment law, which provided basic guarantees of remittance rights and protection against nationalization, a framework for economic incentives and basic rules regarding other rights and obligations of foreign investors. the initial term of pt-fi's former cow was scheduled to expire in 2021 and explicitly provided that it could be extended for two 10-year periods subject to indonesia government approval, which could not be withheld or delayed unreasonably. prior to the issuance of the iupk to pt-fi in december 2018, pt-fi had been engaged in discussions with the indonesia government since 2012 regarding various provisions of its former cow, including extending its term. notwithstanding provisions in pt-fi's former cow prohibiting it from doing so, the indonesia government sought to modify pt-fi's former cow to address provisions contained in the mining law and implementing regulations adopted thereunder, some of which were not required under or conflicted with pt-fi's former cow, including, but not limited to (i) restrictions on pt-fi's basic right to export mining products; (ii) imposition of additional export duties and higher royalty rates; (iii) imposition of excess surface water taxes (refer to note 12); (iv) imposition of new requirement to build additional smelter capacity in indonesia; (v) unreasonable withholding and delay in granting approval of two successive ten-year extensions of the term of the former cow; and (vi) imposition of new divestment requirements.
in early 2017, the indonesia government issued new regulations to address exports of unrefined metals, including copper concentrate and anode slimes, and other matters related to the mining sector. pt-fi's export license for copper concentrate is valid for one year periods, subject to review and approval by the indonesia government every six months, depending on smelter construction progress. pt-fi's export license expires on march 8, 2020. the 2017 regulations also permit the export of anode slimes, which is necessary for pt smelting (pt-fi's 25-percent-owned copper smelter and refinery located in gresik, indonesia) to continue operating. pt smelting's export license for anode slimes expires on march 11, 2020.  in addition to a delay in the renewal of its export license for anode slimes in 2017, pt smelting's operations were shut down from mid-january 2017 until early march 2017 as a result of labor disturbances. copper concentrate sales to pt smelting totaled over 10 percent of our consolidated revenues for each of the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017. we cannot predict when pt-fi's copper concentrate license and pt smelting's anode slimes export license may be renewed. pt-fi's sale of concentrates could be interrupted if either of these export license is not timely renewed or if pt smelting is unable to operate either due to other operational or financial constraints, which would adversely impact our revenues and operations.
we cannot assure you that future regulatory changes affecting the mining industry in indonesia will not be introduced or unexpectedly repealed, or that new interpretations of existing laws and regulations will not be issued, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
40
we will not mine all of pt-fi's ore reserves in the grasberg minerals district before the initial term of pt-fi's iupk expires in 2031 and the iupk may not be extended through 2041 if pt-fi fails to abide by the terms and conditions of the iupk and applicable laws and regulations.
on december 21, 2018, pt-fi was granted an iupk to replace its former cow, enabling pt-fi to conduct operations in the grasberg minerals district through 2041. under the terms of the iupk, pt-fi has been granted mining rights through 2031, with rights to extend its mining rights through 2041, subject to, among other things, pt-fi completing the construction of a new smelter in indonesia by december 21, 2023, and fulfilling its defined fiscal obligations to the indonesia government. refer to note 13 for a summary of the iupk's key fiscal terms.
the iupk also requires pt-fi to pay duties on concentrate exports of 5 percent, declining to 2.5 percent when smelter development progress exceeds 30 percent, and eliminated when smelter development progress exceeds 50 percent. smelter development progress will be determined by an independent verifier appointed by the ministry of energy and mineral resources (memr) and subject to approval by the memr. engineering and front-end engineering and design for the selected process technology are ongoing, with construction of the smelter expected to begin in 2020. the preliminary capital cost estimate for the project approximates $3 billion, and pt-fi is pursuing financing and commercial arrangements for this project. the economics of the new smelter will be borne by pt-fi's shareholders according to their respective share ownership percentages. pt-fi's ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future market prices as well as pt-fi's operational performance, cash flow and debt position, among other factors. financing may not be available when needed or, if available, the terms of such financing may not be favorable to pt-fi.
our proven and probable ore reserves in indonesia reflect estimates of minerals that can be recovered through the end of 2041, and pt-fi's current long-term mine plan and planned operations are based on the assumption that pt-fi will abide by the terms and conditions of the iupk and will be granted the 10-year extension from 2031 through 2041. as a result, we will not mine all of these ore reserves during the initial term of the iupk. prior to the end of 2031, we expect to mine 52 percent of aggregate proven and probable recoverable ore at december 31, 2019, representing 56 percent of our net equity share of recoverable copper reserves and 62 percent of our net equity share of recoverable gold reserves.
if pt-fi does not complete the construction of a new smelter in indonesia by december 21, 2023, or fulfill its defined fiscal obligations to the indonesia government as set forth in the iupk, the iupk will likely not be extended from 2031 to 2041, and we would be unable to mine all of pt-fi's ore reserves in the grasberg minerals district, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position.
operational risks our mining operations are subject to operational risks that could adversely affect our business and our underground mining operations can be particularly dangerous.
our mines are very large in scale and, by their nature are subject to significant operational risks, some of which are outside of our control, and many of which are not covered fully, or in some cases even partially, by insurance. these operational risks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flow, include earthquakes, rainstorms, floods, and other natural disasters; environmental hazards, including discharge of metals, concentrates, pollutants or hazardous chemicals; surface or underground fires; equipment failures; accidents, including in connection with mining equipment, milling equipment or conveyor systems, transportation of chemicals, explosives or other materials and in the transportation of employees and business partners to and from sites; wall failures and rock slides in our open-pit mines, and structural collapses of our underground mines or tailings impoundments; lower than expected ore grades or recovery rates; and unexpected geological formations or conditions (whether in mineral or gaseous form).
we are facing continued geotechnical challenges due to the older age of some of our mines and a trend toward mining deeper pits and more complex deposits. no assurances can be given that unanticipated geotechnical and hydrological conditions may or may not occur, nor whether these conditions may lead to events such as landslides and pit wall failures, in the future or that such events will be detected in advance. geotechnical instabilities can be difficult to predict and are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control, such as seismic activity or severe weather, which may lead to floods, mudslides, pit-wall instability, and possibly even slippage of material. during the first quarter of 2019, our el abra operation in chile experienced heavy rainfall and electrical storms. as a result, our operating results for 2019 were impacted by a suspension of el abra's crushed leach stacking operations
41
for approximately 35 days. we cannot predict whether similar events will occur in the future or the extent to which any such event would affect this, or any of our other operations.
for a discussion of risks specific to our tailings management, see below "our management of waste rock and tailings are subject to significant environmental, safety and engineering challenges and risks that could adversely affect our business."
underground mining operations can be particularly dangerous, and in may 2013, a tragic accident, which resulted in 28 fatalities and 10 injuries, occurred at pt-fi when the rock structure above the ceiling of an underground training facility collapsed. pt-fi temporarily suspended mining and processing activities at the grasberg complex to conduct inspections and resumed open-pit mining and concentrating activities in june 2013, and underground operations in july 2013. no assurance can be given that similar events will not occur in the future.
in addition to the usual risks encountered in the mining industry, our indonesia mining operations involve additional risks given their location in steep mountainous terrain in a remote area of indonesia. these conditions have required us to overcome special engineering difficulties and develop extensive infrastructure facilities. the area also receives extreme rainfall, which has led to periodic floods and mudslides. further, the mine site is also in an active seismic area and has experienced earth tremors from time to time.
we maintain insurance to cover some of these risks and hazards; however, our insurance may not sufficiently cover losses from an unexpected natural or operating disaster. we maintain insurance in amounts that are believed to be reasonable depending on the circumstances surrounding the identified risk. no assurance can be given that such insurance will continue to be available, or that it will be available at economically feasible premiums, or that we will be able to obtain or maintain such insurance. in addition, we do not have coverage for certain environmental losses and other risks, as such coverage cannot be purchased at a commercially reasonable cost. the lack of, or insufficiency of, insurance coverage could adversely affect our cash flow and overall profitability.
the occurrence of one or more of these events in connection with our exploration activities and development of and production from mining operations may result in the death of, or personal injury to, our employees, other personnel or third parties, the loss of mining equipment, damage to or destruction of mineral properties or production facilities, significant repair costs, monetary losses, deferral or unanticipated fluctuations in production, extensive community disruption, loss of licenses, permits or necessary approvals to operate, loss of infrastructure and services, disruption to essential supplies or delivery of our products, environmental damage and potential legal liabilities, all of which may adversely affect our reputation, business, prospects, results of operations and financial position.
our management of waste rock and tailings are subject to significant environmental, safety and engineering challenges and risks that could adversely affect our business.
the waste rock (including overburden) and tailings produced in our mining operations represent our largest volume of waste material. managing the volume of waste rock and tailings presents significant environmental, safety and engineering challenges and risks primarily relating to structural stability, geochemistry, water quality and dust generation. management of this waste is regulated in the jurisdictions where we operate and our programs are designed to be in compliance with applicable national, state and local laws, permits and approved environmental impact studies.
we maintain large leach pads and tailings impoundments containing viscous material, which are effectively large embankments that must be engineered, constructed and monitored to ensure structural stability and avoid leakages or structural collapse. our tailings impoundments in arid areas must have effective programs to suppress fugitive dust emissions, and we must effectively monitor and treat acid rock drainage at all of our operations. in indonesia, we use a river transport system for tailings management, which presents other risks discussed in more detail below under environmental risks - "our indonesia mining operations create difficult and costly environmental challenges, and future changes in environmental laws, or unanticipated environmental impacts from those operations, could require us to incur increased costs."
affiliates of our company currently operate 18 tailings storage facilities, 16 in the u.s. and 2 in peru; and manage 58 in the u.s. that are inactive or closed (approximately three-fourths of the inactive facilities have been closed). our inventory of tailings storage facilities comprises 13 active and 52 inactive or closed facilities with an upstream design, 5 active and 5 inactive with a centerline design, and 1 closed facility with a downstream design. in 2019, the company produced approximately 309 million metric tons of tailings. the failure of tailings and other embankments
42
at any of our mining operations could cause severe, and in some cases catastrophic, property and environmental damage and loss of life, as well as adverse effects on our business and reputation. many of our tailings storage facilities are located in areas where a failure has the potential to impact individual dwellings and a limited number of impoundments are in areas where a failure has the potential to impact nearby communities or mining infrastructure. as a result, our programs take into account the significant consequences resulting from a potential failure, and we apply substantial financial resources and both internal and external technical resources to the safe management of all those facilities. our tailings management and stewardship program, which involves qualified external engineers of record and periodic oversight by independent tailings technical review boards and our tailings stewardship team, complies with the tailings governance framework on preventing catastrophic failure of tailings storage facilities adopted in december 2016 by the international council on mining and metals (icmm) and required to be implemented by icmm members. we continue to enhance our existing practices and work with icmm on additional initiatives to strengthen the design, operation and closure of tailings storage facilities in an effort to reduce the risk of severe or catastrophic failure of those facilities. however, no assurance can be given that these events will not occur in the future.
the importance of careful design, management and monitoring of large impoundments has been emphasized in recent years by large scale tailings dam failures at unaffiliated mines, which resulted in numerous fatalities and caused extensive property and environmental damage. as a result of recent failures, international groups are drafting standards that management may elect to implement at our tailings storage facilities. these standards, if implemented, could require changes to our tailings stewardship program and approaches, although it is uncertain if these changes would result in material capital or operating cost increases.
based on observations from such recent tailings failures, in addition to fatalities and severe personal, property and environmental damages, these events could result in limited or restricted access to mine sites, suspension of operations, decrease in reserves, legal liability (possibly involving the freezing of assets), government investigations, additional regulations and restrictions on mining operations in response to any such failure, increased monitoring costs and production costs, increased insurance costs or inability to obtain insurance, increased costs and/or limited access to capital, remediation costs, inability to comply with any additional safety requirements or obtain necessary certifications, evacuation or relocation of communities or other emergency action, and other impacts, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial position.
labor unrest, violence, activism and civil and religious strife could disrupt our operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
as of december 31, 2019, approximately 37 percent of our global labor force was covered by collective bargaining agreements and approximately 21 percent of our global labor force was covered by agreements that have expired and are currently being negotiated or will expire during 2020.
labor agreements are negotiated on a periodic basis, and may not be renewed on reasonably satisfactory terms to us or at all. if we do not successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements with our union workers, we may incur prolonged strikes and other work stoppages at our mining operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, if we enter into a new labor agreement with any union that significantly increases our labor costs relative to our competitors, our ability to compete may be materially and adversely affected. refer to items 1. and 2. "business and properties" for additional information regarding labor matters, and expiration dates of such agreements.
we could experience labor disruptions such as work stoppages, work slowdowns, union organizing campaigns, strikes, or lockouts that could adversely affect our operations. for example, during third-quarter 2016, pt-fi experienced labor productivity issues and a 10-day work stoppage that began in late september 2016. these labor productivity issues continued during fourth-quarter 2016 and the first half of 2017. beginning in mid-april 2017, pt-fi experienced a high level of worker absenteeism, which unfavorably impacted mining and milling rates. a significant number of employees and contractors elected to participate in an illegal strike action beginning in may 2017, and were subsequently deemed to have voluntarily resigned under existing indonesia laws and regulations resulting in increased costs associated with employee severance. we cannot predict whether additional labor disruptions will occur. significant reductions in productivity or protracted work stoppages at one or more of our operations could significantly reduce our production and sales volumes or disrupt operations, which could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
43
south american countries have historically experienced uneven periods of economic growth, as well as recession, periods of high inflation and general economic and political instability. during 2019, both peru and chile experienced significant and prolonged civil unrest unrelated to our operations. production and sales for the third quarter and first nine months of 2019 were impacted by protests associated with an unaffiliated copper development project in peru that blocked access to the shipping ports and main transportation routes. while the civil unrest did not significantly impact our results for 2019, if it continues, our south america operations could be materially impacted, and as a result, we may not be able to meet our production and sales targets. we cannot predict whether similar or more significant incidents of civil unrest will occur in the future in peru or chile.
indonesia has long faced separatist movements and civil and religious strife in a number of provinces. several separatist groups have sought increased political independence for the province of papua, where our grasberg minerals district is located. in papua, there have been sporadic attacks on civilians by separatists and sporadic but highly publicized conflicts between separatists and the indonesia military and police. in addition, illegal miners have periodically clashed with police who have attempted for years to move them away from our facilities. social, economic and political instability in papua could materially and adversely affect us if it results in damage to our property or interruption of our indonesia operations.
in 2009, a series of shooting incidents occurred within the pt-fi project area, including along the road leading to our mining and milling operations. the shooting incidents continued on a sporadic basis through january 2015. during this time, there were 20 fatalities and more than 50 injuries to our employees, contractor employees, government security personnel and civilians. the next shooting incident occurred in august 2017, and a series of shooting incidents continued on a sporadic basis within the pt-fi project area and in nearby areas through january 2020, resulting in 2 fatalities and 25 injuries. in december 2018, a mass shooting incident targeting a highway construction crew occurred in a remote mountain area approximately 100 miles east of the pt-fi project area, resulting in at least 19 fatalities and several reported as missing. separatist security incidents, including shootings, continue to be sporadically reported, and pt-fi continues to monitor the occurrence of incidents in the region.
the safety of our workforce is a critical concern, and pt-fi continues to work with the indonesia government to address security issues within the pt-fi project area and in nearby areas. we continue to limit the use of the road leading to our mining and milling operations to secured convoys, including transport of personnel by armored vehicles in designated areas.
we cannot predict whether additional incidents will occur that could disrupt or suspend our operations. if other disruptive incidents occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition in ways that we cannot predict at this time.
our mining operations depend on the availability of significant quantities of secure water supplies.
our mining operations require physical availability and secure legal rights to significant quantities of water for mining and ore processing activities, and related support facilities. most of our north america and south america mining operations are in areas where competition for water supplies is significant. continuous production at our mines is dependent on many factors, including our ability to maintain our water rights and claims, and the continuing physical availability of the water supplies.
as discussed in item 3. "legal proceedings," in arizona, where our operations use both surface and groundwater, we are a participant in an active general stream adjudication in which arizona courts have been attempting, for over 40 years, to quantify and prioritize surface water claims for the gila river, one of the state's largest river systems. this stream adjudication primarily affects our morenci, safford and sierrita mines. the adjudication is addressing the state law claims of thousands of competing users, including us, as well as significant federal water claims that are potentially adverse to the state law claims of both surface water and groundwater users. groundwater is treated differently from surface water under arizona law, which historically allowed landowners to pump subsurface water, subject only to the requirement of putting it to "reasonable use." however, court decisions in the adjudication have concluded that some underground water constitutes "subflow" that is to be treated legally as surface water and is therefore subject to the arizona doctrine of prior appropriation and subject to the adjudication and potentially unavailable to groundwater pumpers in the absence of valid surface water claims. any re-characterization of groundwater as surface water could affect the ability of consumers, farmers, ranchers, municipalities, and industrial users like us to continue to access water supplies that have been relied on for decades. because we are a user of both groundwater and surface water in arizona, we are an active participant in the adjudication proceedings. given the legal and technical complexity of these adjudications, their long history, and their long-term legal, economic and
44
political implications, it is difficult to predict the timing or the outcome of these proceedings. if we are not able to satisfactorily resolve the issues being addressed in the adjudications, our ability to pump groundwater could be diminished or curtailed, and our operations at morenci, safford and sierrita could be adversely affected unless we are able to acquire alternative resources.
water for our cerro verde operation in peru comes from renewable sources through a series of storage reservoirs on the rio chili watershed that collects water primarily from seasonal precipitation. as a result of occasional drought conditions, temporary supply shortages are possible that could affect our cerro verde operations.
water for our el abra mining operation in chile comes from the continued pumping of groundwater from the salar de ascotán aquifer. in 2010, el abra obtained regulatory approval for the continued pumping of groundwater from the salar de ascotán aquifer for its sulfide processing plant, which began operations in 2011. the agreement to pump from this aquifer is subject to continued monitoring of the aquifer level to ensure that environmentally sensitive areas are not impacted by our pumping. if impact occurs, we would have to reduce pumping to restore water levels, which could have an adverse effect on production from el abra.
although we typically have sufficient water for our indonesia operations (the area receives considerable rainfall that has led to periodic floods and mudslides), lower rainfall could affect our water supply availability from time to time.
although each of our mining operations currently has access to sufficient water supplies to support current operational demands, as discussed above, some supplies are subject to adjudication proceedings, the outcome of which we cannot predict, and the availability of additional supplies that may be required for potential future expansions is uncertain. while we are taking actions to acquire additional back-up water supplies, such supplies may not be available at acceptable cost, or at all, so that the loss of a water right or currently available water supply could force us to curtail operations or force premature closures, thereby increasing and/or accelerating costs or foregoing profitable operations.
development projects are inherently risky and may require more capital than anticipated, which could adversely affect our business. the development of our underground mines and operations are also subject to other unique risks.
mine development projects typically require a number of years and significant expenditures during the development phase before production is possible. currently, our major projects include underground development activities in the grasberg minerals district, which currently constitutes approximately 31 percent of our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable copper reserves, and completion of the lone star copper leach project in arizona. there are many risks and uncertainties inherent in all development projects including, but not limited to, unexpected or difficult geological formations or conditions, potential delays, cost overruns, lower levels of production during ramp-up periods, shortages of material or labor, construction defects, breakdowns and injuries to persons and property. the development of our underground mines and operations are also subject to other unique risks including, but not limited to, underground fires or floods, ventilating harmful gases, fall-of-ground accidents, and seismic activity resulting from unexpected or difficult geological formations or conditions. while we anticipate taking all measures that we deem reasonable and prudent in connection with the development of our underground mines to safely manage production, there is no assurance that these risks will not cause schedule delays, revised mine plans, injuries to persons and property, or increased capital costs, any of which may have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, although we devote significant time and resources to our project planning, approval and review processes, many of our development projects are highly complex and rely on factors that are outside of our control, which may cause us to underestimate the time and capital required to complete a development project.
for example, we experienced mining induced seismic activity in 2017 and 2018 at the deep mill level zone (dmlz) underground mine in the grasberg minerals district. results to date of hydraulic fracturing activities to manage rock stresses and pre-condition the dmlz underground mine for large-scale production have been effective. however, we cannot predict whether additional occurrences of seismic activity or other unexpected geological activity will occur that could cause schedule delays or additional revisions to pt-fi's mine plans, which could adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
45
we must continually replace reserves depleted by production but exploration is highly speculative and our exploration activities may not result in additional discoveries.
our existing mineral reserves will be depleted over time by production from our operations. because our profits are primarily derived from our mining operations, our ability to replenish our mineral reserves is essential to our long-term success. depleted reserves can be replaced in several ways, including expanding known ore bodies, by locating new deposits or acquiring interests in reserves from third parties. exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and uncertainties, requires substantial capital expenditures, and is frequently unsuccessful in discovering significant mineralization. accordingly, our current or future exploration programs may not result in the discovery of additional deposits that can be produced profitably. even if significant mineralization is discovered, it will likely take many years from the initial phases of exploration until commencement of production, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. we may not be able to discover, enhance, develop or acquire reserves in sufficient quantities to maintain or grow our current reserve levels, which could negatively affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
estimates of proven and probable reserves and mineralized material are uncertain and the volume and grade of ore actually recovered may vary from our estimates.
our estimates of recoverable proven and probable reserves have been calculated in accordance with industry guide 7 as required by the securities exchange act of 1934. there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating mineral reserves. such estimates are, to a large extent, based on the average prices for the commodities we produce, primarily copper, gold and molybdenum, and interpretations of geologic data obtained from drill holes and other exploration techniques, which data may not necessarily be indicative of future results. our mineral reserve estimates are based on the latest available geological and geotechnical studies. we conduct ongoing studies of our ore bodies to optimize economic values and to manage risk. we revise our mine plans and estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves as required in accordance with the latest available studies. geological assumptions about our mineralization that are valid at the time of estimation may change significantly when new information becomes available.
estimates of proven and probable reserves that will be recovered, or the cost at which we anticipate reserves will be recovered, are based on uncertain assumptions. the uncertain global financial outlook may affect economic assumptions related to reserve recovery and may require reserve revisions. changes to reserve estimates could affect our asset carrying values and may also negatively impact our future financial condition and results.
in addition, if the market prices for the commodities we produce decline from recent levels, if production costs increase or recovery rates decrease, or if applicable laws and regulations are adversely changed, we can offer no assurance that the indicated level of recovery will be realized or that mineral reserves can be mined or processed profitably. if we determine that certain of our estimated proven and probable reserves have become uneconomic, this may ultimately lead to a reduction in our aggregate reported reserves which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, the term "mineralized material" does not indicate proven and probable reserves as defined by the u.s. securities and exchange commission. estimates of mineralized material are subject to further exploration and development, and are, therefore, subject to considerable uncertainty. mineralized material is a mineralized body that has been delineated by appropriately spaced drilling and/or underground sampling to support the reported tonnage and average metal grades. such a deposit cannot qualify as recoverable proven and probable reserves until legal and economic feasibility are confirmed based upon a comprehensive evaluation of development costs, unit costs, grades, recoveries and other material factors and are, therefore, subject to considerable uncertainty. accordingly, no assurance can be given that the estimated mineralized material not included in reserves will become proven and probable reserves.
our operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations, some of which require permits and other approvals. these regulations increase our costs and in some circumstances may delay or suspend our operations.
our operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that are subject to change and to changing interpretation by governmental agencies and other bodies vested with broad supervisory authority. as a mining company, compliance with environmental legal requirements is an integral and costly part of our business. for additional information, see "environmental risks" below. we are also subject to extensive regulation of worker
46
health and safety, including the requirements of the u.s. occupational safety and health act and similar laws of other jurisdictions. in the u.s., the operation of our mines is subject to regulation by the u.s. mine safety and health administration (msha) under the federal mine safety and health act of 1977 (mine act). msha inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the mine act. additionally in the u.s. various state agencies have concurrent jurisdiction arising under state law that regulate worker health and safety in both our industrial facilities and mines. if regulatory inspections result in an alleged violation, we may be subject to fines and penalties and, in instances of alleged significant violations, our mining operations or industrial facilities could be subject to temporary or extended closures. refer to exhibit 95.1 to this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding certain orders and citations issued by msha for our operations during the year ended december 31, 2019.
many other governmental bodies regulate other aspects of our operations, and our failure to comply with these legal requirements can result in substantial penalties. in addition, new laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations and new interpretations of existing laws and regulations by courts or regulatory authorities occur regularly, but are difficult to predict. any such variations could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
our business is dependent upon information technology systems, which may be adversely affected by disruptions, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation and integration.
our industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies. our strategy of operating large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets has been increasingly dependent on our ability to become fully integrated and highly automated. many of our business and operational processes are heavily dependent on traditional and emerging technology systems to conduct day-to-day operations, improve safety and efficiency, and lower costs.
as our dependence on information systems, including those of our third party service providers and vendors, grows, we become more vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. cybersecurity incidents are increasing in frequency and magnitude. these incidents may include, but are not limited to, installation of malicious software, phishing, credential attacks, unauthorized access to data and other advanced and sophisticated cybersecurity breaches and threats, including threats that increasingly target critical operational technologies and process control networks. if any of these threats materialize, we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks, production downtimes, communication interruption or other disruptions and delays to our operations or to the transportation of products or infrastructure utilized by our operations, unauthorized release of proprietary, commercially sensitive, confidential or otherwise protected information, the corruption of data, significant health and safety consequences, environmental damage, loss of intellectual property, fines and litigation, damage to our reputation or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. we have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. while these cybersecurity incidents did not result in any material loss to us or interrupt our day-to-day operations, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such losses in the future. given the unpredictability of the timing and the evolving nature and scope of information technology disruptions, the various procedures and controls we use to monitor and protect against these threats and to mitigate our potential risks to such threats may not be sufficient in preventing cybersecurity incidents from materializing. further, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities to cybersecurity threats.
we could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to system implementation and modification, but system modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
in addition, from time to time, we pursue investments and initiatives to improve the productivity and efficiency of existing systems and operations, including through investments in digital technologies. during 2019, we advanced initiatives in our north america and south america mining operations to enhance productivity, expand margins and reduce the capital intensity of the business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. the pilot program initiated at the bagdad mine in northwest arizona in late 2018 utilizes data science, machine learning and integrated functional teams to address bottlenecks, provide cost benefits and drive improved overall performance. there can be no certainty that some or any of such
47
investments and initiatives will meet our capital allocation objectives. in addition, certain of such investments and initiatives are still in the early stages of evaluation, and additional engineering and other analysis is required to fully assess their impact. further, there can be no certainty as to the time required for us to extract value from these investments or initiatives, or that we will achieve any anticipated savings or efficiency improvements.
environmental risks our operations are subject to complex, evolving and increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations. compliance with environmental regulatory requirements involves significant costs and may constrain existing operations or expansion opportunities.
our operations, both in the u.s. and internationally, are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing the generation, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances; solid waste disposal; air emissions; wastewater discharges; remediation, restoration and reclamation of environmental contamination, including mine closures and reclamation; well plug and abandonment requirements; protection of endangered and protected species and designation of critical habitats; and other related matters. in addition, we must obtain regulatory permits and approvals to start, continue and expand operations.
our miami, arizona, smelter processes approximately half of the aggregate copper concentrate produced by our north america copper mines. epa regulations required us to invest approximately $230 million in 2017 for new pollution control equipment to reduce sulfur dioxide (so2) to meet both regional haze requirements and to allow the arizona department of environmental quality (adeq) to demonstrate compliance with epa's so2 ambient air quality standards. during 2019 and january 2020, there were several instances in which the so2 levels exceeded the ambient standard. we are engaged in discussions with adeq and conducting an ongoing investigation of the cause of the ambient levels. we cannot guarantee that we will not be required to modify our systems or install additional equipment to address findings, new requirements or for other reasons, which could result in significant costs, including increased capital expenditures and operating costs, and could adversely impact our business.
laws such as cercla and similar state laws may expose us to joint and several liability for environmental damages caused by our operations, or by previous owners or operators of properties we acquired or are currently operating or at sites where we sent materials for processing, recycling or disposal. as discussed in more detail in the next risk factor, we have substantial obligations for environmental remediation on mining properties previously owned or operated by freeport minerals corporation (fmc) and certain of its affiliates. noncompliance with these laws and regulations could result in material penalties or other liabilities. in addition, compliance with these laws may from time to time result in delays in or changes to our development or expansion plans. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs, which we expect will continue to increase over time because of increased regulatory oversight, adoption of increasingly stringent environmental standards, as well as other factors.
new or revised environmental regulatory requirements are frequently proposed, many of which result in substantially increased costs for our business, including those regarding financial assurance in the financial risk factor above. for example, criteria for man-made organic compounds that could be present in soil, groundwater and surface water at our existing and former operations are currently under review by federal and state agencies.
in 2015, epa and the department of the army (collectively, the agencies) adopted rules that added remote "tributaries" into the regulatory definition of "waters of the united states" that are protected by the clean water act, thereby imposing significant additional restrictions on land uses in remote areas with only tenuous connections to active waterways. these rules were challenged by multiple states and industry parties and litigation is ongoing. on october 22, 2019, the agencies published a final rule that repeals these 2015 rules and recodifies the regulations in place prior to adoption of the 2015 rules. epa also published a proposed rule on february 14, 2019, which revises the definition of "waters of the united states" to clarify the scope of waters federally regulated under the clean water act. the final rule will become effective 60 days after it is published in the federal register.  this final rule could limit or eliminate our need to obtain federal permits for future expansions at our operations in arizona and new mexico. we expect multiple legal challenges to the rule to be filed in federal district courts.
regulations have been considered at various governmental levels to increase federal financial responsibility requirements both for mine closure and reclamation and for oil and gas decommissioning. in 2019, legislation was enacted in colorado that eliminates our ability to use parent company guarantees, and requires proof of an end date for water treatment as a condition of permit issuance authorizing mining operations, with some exceptions for existing operations. adoption of similar new environmental regulations or more stringent application of existing
48
regulations may materially increase our costs, threaten certain operating activities and constrain our expansion opportunities.
our mining operations are subject to regulations under the endangered species act (esa) that are intended to protect species listed by the department of interior's fish & wildlife service (fws) as endangered or threatened, along with critical habitat designated by fws for these listed species. the regulations limit the ability of landowners, including us, to obtain federal permits or authorizations needed for expansion of our operations, and may also affect our ability to obtain, retain or deliver water to some operations. on august 27, 2019, fws published final rules that mitigate, but do not eliminate, potential regulatory constraints on mining operations under the esa. fws is also evaluating whether certain species should still be listed under the esa, and reconsidering critical habitat that was proposed but never finalized. environmental groups have aggressively challenged fws's regulatory reforms. no assurances can be made that restrictions relating to conservation will not have an adverse impact on expansion of our operations or not result in delays in project development, constraints on exploration and constraints on operations in impacted areas.
we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs (including our joint venture partners' shares) to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations totaling $0.4 billion in both 2019 and 2018, and $0.5 billion in 2017. for 2020, we expect to incur approximately $0.5 billion of aggregate environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs. the timing and amounts of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and costs of reclamation and plug and abandonment activities, the settlement of environmental matters and the rate at which actual spending occurs on continuing matters.
we incur significant costs for remediating environmental conditions on properties that have not been operated in many years.
fmc and its subsidiaries, and many of their affiliates and predecessor companies, have been involved in exploration, mining, milling, smelting and manufacturing in the u.s. for more than a century. activities that occurred in the late 19th century and the 20th century prior to the advent of modern environmental laws were not subject to environmental regulation and were conducted before american industrial companies fully understood the long-term effects of their operations on the surrounding environment.
with the passage of cercla in 1980, companies like fmc became legally responsible for remediating hazardous substances released into the environment from properties owned or operated by them as well as properties where they arranged for disposal of such substances, irrespective of when the release to the environment occurred or who caused it. that liability is often asserted on a joint and several basis with other prior and subsequent owners, operators and arrangers, meaning that each owner or operator of the property is, and each arranger may be, held fully responsible for the remediation, although in many cases some or all of the other responsible parties no longer exist, do not have the financial ability to respond or cannot be found. as a result, because of our acquisition of fmc in 2007, many of the subsidiary companies we now own are potentially responsible for a wide variety of environmental remediation projects throughout the u.s., and we expect to spend substantial sums annually for many years to address those remediation issues. we are also subject to claims where the release of hazardous substances is alleged to have damaged natural resources. at december 31, 2019, we had more than 100 active remediation projects in 24 u.s. states. in addition, fmc and certain affiliates and predecessor companies were parties to agreements relating to the transfer of businesses or properties that contained indemnification provisions relating to environmental matters, and from time to time these provisions become the source of claims against us.
at december 31, 2019, we had $1.6 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for environmental obligations attributable to cercla or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters at closed facilities or closed portions of operating facilities.
49
our environmental obligation estimates are primarily based upon:
•   our knowledge and beliefs about complex scientific and historical facts and circumstances that in many cases occurred many decades ago;
•   our beliefs and assumptions regarding the nature, extent and duration of remediation activities that we will be required to undertake and the estimated costs of those remediation activities, which are subject to varying interpretations; and
•   our beliefs regarding the requirements that are imposed on us by existing laws and regulations and, in some cases, the clarification of uncertain regulatory requirements that could materially affect our environmental obligation estimates.
significant adjustments to these estimates are likely to occur in the future as additional information becomes available. the actual environmental costs may exceed our current and future accruals for these costs, and any such changes could be material.
in addition, remediation standards imposed by epa and state environmental agencies have generally become more stringent over time and may become even more stringent in the future. imposition of more stringent remediation standards, particularly for arsenic and lead in soils, poses a risk that additional remediation work could be required at our active remediation sites and at sites that we have already remediated to the satisfaction of the responsible governmental agencies, and may increase the risk of toxic tort litigation.
epa is considering how to reduce lead exposure in the environment under multiple environmental programs. certain federal and state health agencies also support lower lead cleanup levels. the timing for these epa activities is unclear, but any reduction in lead cleanup levels could result in material increases to our environmental reserves for ongoing residential property cleanup projects near former smelter sites.
refer to note 12 for further discussion of our environmental obligations.
our indonesia mining operations create difficult and costly environmental challenges, and future changes in environmental laws, or unanticipated environmental impacts from those operations, could require us to incur increased costs.
mining operations on the scale of our indonesia operations involve significant environmental risks and challenges. our primary challenge is to dispose of the large amount of crushed and ground rock material, called tailings, that results from the process by which we physically separate the copper-, gold- and silver-bearing materials from the ore that we mine. in 2019, pt-fi produced approximately 39 million metric tons of tailings. our tailings management plan, which has been approved by the indonesia government, uses the unnavigable river system in the highlands near our mine to transport the tailings to an engineered area in the lowlands where the tailings and natural sediments are managed in a deposition area. lateral levees have been constructed to help contain the footprint of the tailings and to limit their impact in the lowlands.
another major environmental challenge is managing overburden, which is the rock that must be moved aside in the mining process to reach the ore. in the presence of air, water and naturally occurring bacteria, some overburden can generate acid rock drainage, or acidic water containing dissolved metals that, if not properly managed, can adversely affect the environment. in addition, certain overburden stockpiles are subject to erosion caused by the large amounts of rainfall, with the eroded stockpile material eventually being deposited in the lowlands tailings management area; this additional material influences the deposition of finer sediment material in the estuary, as well as presents the potential for increased environmental impacts. the grasberg overburden stockpiles have experienced significant erosion, exacerbated by unanticipated work stoppages that adversely affected our ability to manage certain overburden stockpiles, which may have resulted in adverse environmental impacts. the current tailings deposition management plan as well as environmental monitoring programs take into account the presence of this overburden in the lowlands tailings management area. as part of this effort, pt-fi has expanded the scope of its studies and analysis to assess the environmental impacts from the overburden erosion, including conducting risk assessments to determine whether any such impacts require additional monitoring or mitigation measures, which would result in increased costs.
50
in the past, certain indonesia government officials have raised questions with respect to our tailings and overburden management plans, including a suggestion that we implement a pipeline system rather than the river transport system for tailings management and disposition. because our indonesia mining operations are remotely located in steep mountainous terrain and in an active seismic area, a pipeline system would be costly, difficult to construct and maintain, and more prone to catastrophic failure, and could therefore involve significant potentially adverse environmental issues. based on our own studies and others conducted by third parties we do not believe that a pipeline system is necessary or practical.
we cannot guarantee that we will not have overtopping or levee failure caused by extreme weather events or unanticipated structural failure in the future, which could result in flooding of the nearby communities. if flooding were to occur, it could result in loss of lives, severe personal, property and environmental damages, which could necessitate evacuation or relocation of communities or other emergency action, financial assistance to the communities impacted, remediation costs to repair and compensate for the social, cultural and economic impacts.
in december 2018, indonesia's ministry of environment and forestry (the moef) issued a revised environmental permit to pt-fi to address many of the operational activities that it alleged were inconsistent with earlier studies. pt-fi and the moef also established a new framework for continuous improvement in environmental practices in pt-fi's operations, including initiatives that pt-fi will pursue to increase tailings retention and to evaluate large scale beneficial uses of tailings within indonesia. in addition, pt-fi continues to work with moef to finalize environmental permitting related to the rail facilities and certain of the underground mining production operations as well as permitting for the extension of levees to contain the lateral flow of tailings in the lowlands. refer to note 12 for further discussion.
we cannot assure you that future environmental changes affecting the mining industry in indonesia will not be introduced or unexpectedly altered or repealed, or that new interpretations of existing environmental laws and regulations will not be issued, which might have a significant impact on pt-fi.
our copper mining operations require significant energy and regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change issues may increase our costs and adversely affect our operations.
our copper mining operations require significant energy, principally diesel, electricity, coal and natural gas, most of which is obtained from third parties under long-term contracts. energy represented approximately 20 percent of our copper mine site operating costs in 2019, and is expected to approximate 20 percent in 2020.
carbon-based energy is a significant input in our operations, although haul truck diesel use and the amount of purchased power that is derived from fossil fuel or renewable sources varies significantly depending on site production and country-specific circumstances. the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would vary by operation based on particular geographic circumstances. as a result of the paris agreement reached during the 21st conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change in 2015, a number of governments have pledged "nationally determined contributions" to control and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. in the u.s., several states, including colorado and new mexico, have advanced goals reducing or eliminating fossil-fuel based energy production. the administration of president trump has announced the intention of the u.s. to withdraw from the paris agreement, which begins a lengthy process that will not be completed until november 2020. transitions to renewable and other energy sources could, among other things, increase our operating and energy costs depending on the scope and magnitude of increased regulation of fossil-fuel based energy production, including greenhouse gas emissions.
other risks our holding company structure may impact our ability to service debt and our stockholders' ability to receive dividends.
we are a holding company with no material assets other than the capital stock and intercompany receivables of our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to repay our indebtedness and pay dividends is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, loan, debt repayment or otherwise. our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to make funds available to us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. dividends from subsidiaries that are not wholly owned are shared with other equity owners. cash at our international operations is also typically subject to foreign withholding taxes upon repatriation into the u.s.
51
in addition, our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to us or repay loans to us, to enable us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal restrictions, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. certain of our subsidiaries are parties to credit agreements that restrict their ability to make distributions or loan repayments to us if such subsidiary is in default under such agreements, or to transfer substantially all of the assets of such subsidiary without the consent of the lenders.
our rights to participate in any distribution of our subsidiaries' assets upon their liquidation, reorganization or insolvency would generally be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiaries' creditors, including any trade creditors.
anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and delaware law may make an acquisition of us more difficult.
anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and delaware law may make an acquisition of us more difficult. these provisions:
•   authorize the board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval and to designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each class; if issued, such preferred stock would increase the number of outstanding shares of our capital stock and could include terms that may deter an acquisition of us;
•   establish advance notice requirements for nominations to the board or for proposals that can be presented at stockholder meetings;
•   limit who may call stockholder meetings; and
•   require the approval of the holders of two thirds of our outstanding common stock to enter into certain business combination transactions, subject to certain exceptions, including if the consideration to be received by our common stockholders in the transaction is deemed to be a fair price.
these provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. these provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by the board.
in addition, because we are incorporated in delaware, we are governed by the provisions of section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which may prohibit large stockholders from consummating a merger with, or acquisition of, us.
these provisions may deter an acquisition of us that might otherwise be attractive to our stockholders.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" in part ii, items 7. and 7a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018. overview we are a leading international mining company with headquarters in phoenix, arizona. we operate large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets with significant proven and probable reserves of copper, gold and molybdenum. we are one of the world's largest publicly traded copper producers. our portfolio of assets includes the grasberg minerals district in indonesia, one of the world's largest copper and gold deposits; and significant mining operations in north america and south america, including the large-scale morenci minerals district in arizona and the cerro verde operation in peru. we believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value.
pt freeport indonesia (pt-fi) continues to advance several projects in the grasberg minerals district related to the development of its large-scale, long-lived, high-grade underground ore bodies, and we are nearing completion of a project to develop the lone star leachable ores near the safford operation in eastern arizona. we are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. during
2019, we advanced initiatives in our north america and south america mining operations to enhance productivity, expand margins and reduce the capital intensity of the business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. the pilot program initiated at the bagdad mine in northwest arizona in late 2018 was successful in utilizing data science, machine learning and integrated functional teams to address bottlenecks, provide cost benefits and drive improved overall performance. the program is being implemented across our north america and south america operations. during fourth-quarter 2019, pt-fi completed mining the final phase of the grasberg open pit and continues to achieve important milestones in ramping-
up production of large-scale quantities of copper and gold from its significant underground ore bodies. in aggregate, the grasberg open pit produced over 27 billion pounds of copper and 46 million ounces of gold in the
30-year period from 1990 through 2019. as pt-fi continues to ramp-up production from its underground ore bodies, our consolidated metal production is expected to improve significantly by 2021 (refer to "operations - indonesia mining" for further discussion). net (loss) income attributable to common stock totaled $(239) million in 2019 and
$2.6 billion in 2018 . our results in 2019 , compared to 2018 , primarily reflect lower copper and gold sales volumes resulting from anticipated lower mill rates and ore grades in indonesia and lower copper prices. refer to
"consolidated results" for discussion of items impacting our consolidated results for the two years ended december
31, 2019 . at december 31, 2019 , we had $2.0 billion in consolidated cash and cash equivalents, $9.8 billion in total debt, and no borrowings and approximately $3.5 billion available under our revolving credit facility. we have significant mineral reserves, resources and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets.
at december 31, 2019 , our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 116.0
billion pounds of copper, 29.6 million ounces of gold and 3.58 billion pounds of molybdenum. refer to "critical accounting estimates - mineral reserves" for further discussion. 61 table of contents during 2019 , production from our mines totaled 3.2 billion pounds of copper, 0.9 million ounces of gold and 90 million pounds of molybdenum.
following is a summary of the geographic locations of our consolidated copper, gold and molybdenum production in
2019 :
copper         gold         molybdenum north america   45  %           2  %        68  %           a south america   36              -           32
indonesia       19             98            -
100  %         100  %       100  %
a.  our north america copper mines produced36 percentof consolidated molybdenum production, and our henderson and climax molybdenum mines produced32 percent.
copper production from the morenci mine in north america, cerro verde mine in peru and the grasberg minerals district in indonesia together totaled 72 percent of our consolidated copper production in 2019 . outlook we continue to view the long-term outlook for our business positively, supported by limitations on supplies of copper and by the requirements for copper in the world's economy. our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold and molybdenum, as well as other factors. world market prices for these commodities have fluctuated historically and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. refer to
"markets" for further discussion. because we cannot control the price of our products, the key measures that management focuses on in operating our business are sales volumes, unit net cash costs, operating cash flows and capital expenditures. sales volumes following are our projected consolidated sales volumes for 2020 and actual consolidated sales volumes for 2019 :
2020               2019
-projected            -actual copper(millions of recoverable pounds):
north america copper mines               1,580                 1,442
south america mining                     1,150                 1,183
indonesia mining                           750                   667
total                                    3,480                 3,292
gold(thousands of recoverable ounces)      775                   991
molybdenum(millions of recoverable          88              a     90
pounds)
a.  includes30 millionpounds from our molybdenum mines and58 millionpounds from our north america and south america copper mines.
consolidated sales for first-quarter 2020 are expected to approximate 725 million pounds of copper, 105 thousand ounces of gold and 22 million pounds of molybdenum. projected sales volumes for the year 2020 are dependent on operational performance, weather-related conditions, timing of shipments, the indonesia government's extension of pt-fi's export license beyond march 8, 2020, and other factors. for other important factors that could cause results to differ materially from projections, refer to "cautionary statement" and "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 . consolidated sales for 2021
are currently expected to approximate 4.3 billion pounds of copper, 1.4 million ounces of gold and 90 million pounds of molybdenum. the increase from 2019 levels primarily reflects pt-fi's continued ramp-up of production from its significant underground ore bodies and the incorporation of higher mining and milling rates from our productivity and innovation initiatives (which represent an estimated incremental production of approximately 100
million pounds of copper in 2021 and approximately 200 million pounds in 2022). 62 table of contents consolidated unit net cash costs assuming average prices of $1,500 per ounce of gold and $10.00 per pound of molybdenum and achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, consolidated unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our copper mines are expected to average $1.75 per pound of copper in 2020 . the impact of price changes on 2020 consolidated unit net cash costs would approximate $0.01 per pound for each $50 per ounce change in the average price of gold and $0.03 per pound for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum.
quarterly unit net cash costs vary with fluctuations in sales volumes and realized prices, primarily for gold and molybdenum. consolidated operating cash flows our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes, prices realized from copper, gold and molybdenum sales, production costs, income taxes, other working capital changes and other factors. based on current sales volume and cost estimates, and assuming average prices of $2.85 per pound of copper, $1,500 per ounce of gold and $10.00 per pound of molybdenum, our consolidated operating cash flows are estimated to approximate $2.4 billion (including of $0.2 billion in working capital and other sources) for the year
2020 . estimated consolidated operating cash flows in 2020 also reflect a projected income tax provision of $0.6
billion (refer to "consolidated results - income taxes" for further discussion of our projected income tax rate for the year 2020 ). the impact of price changes during 2020 on operating cash flows would approximate $350 million for each $0.10 per pound change in the average price of copper, $35 million for each $50 per ounce change in the average price of gold and $125 million for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum.
consolidated capital expenditures consolidated capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.8 billion in
2020 , including $1.8 billion for major projects primarily associated with underground development activities in the grasberg minerals district and completion of the lone star copper leach project, and exclude estimates associated with the new smelter in indonesia. a large portion of projected capital expenditures in 2020 relate to projects that are expected to add significant production and cash flow in future periods, enabling us to generate operating cash flows exceeding capital expenditures in future years. we expect capital expenditures for the development of the new smelter in indonesia to approximate $0.5 billion in 2020, of which approximately 49 percent will be attributable to our equity interest. pt-fi expects these amounts to be funded by a new bank loan. markets world prices for copper, gold and molybdenum can fluctuate significantly. during the period from january 2010
through december 2019, the london metal exchange (lme) copper settlement price varied from a low of $1.96 per pound in 2016 to a record high of $4.60 per pound in 2011; the london bullion market association (london) pm gold price fluctuated from a low of $1,049 per ounce in 2015 to a record high of $1,895 per ounce in 2011, and the metals week molybdenum dealer oxide weekly average price ranged from a low of $4.46 per pound in 2015 to a high of $18.60 per pound in 2010. copper, gold and molybdenum prices are affected by numerous factors beyond our control as described further in our "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 . 63 table of contents this graph presents lme copper settlement prices and combined reported stocks of copper at the lme, commodity exchange inc., a division of the new york mercantile exchange, and the shanghai futures exchange from january 2010 through december 2019 . for the year 2019 , lme copper settlement prices ranged from a low of $2.51 per pound to a high of $2.98 per pound, averaged $2.72 per pound and closed at
$2.79 per pound on december 31, 2019 . during 2019, copper prices continued to be negatively impacted primarily by the trade dispute between the united states (u.s.) and china and a slowing global economy. beginning in late january 2020, copper prices declined as a result of economic uncertainty in china associated with concerns over the coronavirus. the lme copper settlement price was $2.53 per pound on january 31, 2020 . we believe the underlying long-term fundamentals of the copper business remain positive, supported by the significant role of copper in the global economy and a challenging long-term supply environment attributable to difficulty in replacing existing large mines' output with new production sources. future copper prices are expected to be volatile and are likely to be influenced by demand from china and emerging markets, as well as economic activity in the u.s. and other industrialized countries, the timing of the development of new supplies of copper and production levels of mines and copper smelters. 64 table of contents this graph presents london pm gold prices from january 2010 through december 2019 . an improving economic outlook, stronger u.s. dollar and positive equity performance contributed to lower demand for gold from 2014 through 2018. gold prices rose in 2019 because of geopolitical concerns in the middle east, global economic uncertainty and lower u.s. interest rates. during 2019 , london pm gold prices ranged from a low of $1,270 per ounce to a high of $1,546 per ounce, averaged $1,393 per ounce and closed at $1,515 per ounce on december 30, 2019 (there was no london pm gold price quote on december 31, 2019 ). the london pm gold price was $1,584 per ounce on january 31, 2020 . this graph presents the metals week molybdenum dealer oxide weekly average price from january 2010 through december 2019 . molybdenum prices declined from mid-2014 until 2016 because of weaker demand from global steel and stainless steel producers. during 2019 , the weekly average price for molybdenum ranged from a low of $8.55 per pound to a high of $12.66 per pound, averaged $11.37 per pound and was
$9.23 per pound on 65 table of contents december 31, 2019 . the metals week molybdenum dealer oxide weekly average price was $10.40 per pound on january 31, 2020 . critical accounting estimates md&a is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap)
in the u.s. the preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the areas requiring the use of management's estimates are also discussed in note 1 under the subheading "use of estimates." management has reviewed the following discussion of its development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors (the board). mineral reserves recoverable proven and probable reserves are the part of a mineral deposit that can be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. the determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades and recovery rates. estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires us to determine the size, shape and depth of our ore bodies by analyzing geological data, such as samplings of drill holes, tunnels and other underground workings. in addition to the geology of our mines, assumptions are required to determine the economic feasibility of mining these reserves, including estimates of future commodity prices and demand, the mining methods we use and the related costs incurred to develop and mine our reserves. our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. a majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology and reserve determination. at december 31, 2019 , our consolidated estimated recoverable proven and probable reserves were assessed using long-term prices of $2.50 per pound for copper, $1,200 per ounce of gold and $10 per pound of molybdenum. the following table summarizes changes in our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable copper, gold and molybdenum reserves during 2019 and 2018 :
coppera            gold               molybdenum consolidated reserves at december 31,           (billion           (million           (billion
2017                                      86.7  pounds)      23.5  ounces)      2.84  pounds)
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
pt-fi acquisition of rio tinto joint      13.0               10.1                  -
venture interest other net additions (revisions)           23.7            b  (0.4  )            1.04              c production                                (3.8  )            (2.4  )           (0.10  )
consolidated reserves at december 31,    119.6               30.8               3.78
2018
net revisions                             (0.4  )            (0.3  )           (0.11  )
production                                (3.2  )            (0.9  )           (0.09  )
consolidated reserves at december 31,    116.0               29.6               3.58
2019
a.  includes estimated recoverable metals contained in stockpiles. see below for additional discussion of recoverable copper in stockpiles.
b.  primarily reflects an increase in the copper price assumption from $2.00 per pound to $2.50 per pound for determining reserves in north america and south america.
c.  primarily reflects an increase in molybdenum reserves at north america copper mines and the cerro verde mine in peru.
refer to note 20 and "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 , for further information regarding, and risks associated with, our estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves. as discussed in note 1 , we depreciate our life-of-mine mining and milling assets and values assigned to proven and probable mineral reserves using the unit-of-production (uop) method based on our estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves. because the economic assumptions used to estimate mineral reserves may change from period to period and additional geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations, including changes to prospective depreciation rates and impairments of long-lived asset carrying values. excluding impacts associated 66 table of contents with changes in the levels of finished goods inventories and based on projected copper sales volumes, if estimated copper reserves at our mines were 10 percent higher at december 31, 2019 , we estimate that our annual depreciation, depletion and amortization (dd&a) expense for 2020
would decrease by $37 million ($20 million to net income attributable to common stock), and a 10 percent decrease in copper reserves would increase dd&a expense by $86 million ($45 million to net income attributable to common stock). we perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. if it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective dd&a rates. as discussed below and in note 1 , we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability. recoverable copper in stockpiles we record, as inventory, applicable costs for copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles that are expected to be processed in the future based on proven processing technologies. mill and leach stockpiles are evaluated periodically to ensure that they are stated at the lower of weighted-average cost or net realizable value (refer to note 4 and "consolidated results" for further discussion of inventory adjustments recorded for the three years ended december 31, 2019 ). accounting for recoverable copper from mill and leach stockpiles represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) it is impracticable to determine copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles by physical count, thus requiring management to employ reasonable estimation methods and (ii) recovery rates from leach stockpiles can vary significantly. refer to note 1 for further discussion of our accounting policy for recoverable copper in stockpiles. at december 31, 2019 , estimated consolidated recoverable copper was 1.7 billion pounds in leach stockpiles (with a carrying value of $2.2 billion ) and 0.5 billion pounds in mill stockpiles (with a carrying value of $0.4 billion ). impairment of long-lived assets as discussed in note 1 , we assess the carrying values of our long-lived mining assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. in evaluating our long-lived mining assets for recoverability, we use estimates of pre-tax undiscounted future cash flows of our individual mines. estimates of future cash flows are derived from current business plans, which are developed using near-term metal price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and management's projections for long-term average metal prices. in addition to near- and long-term metal price assumptions, other key assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; value beyond proven and probable mineral reserve estimates (refer to note 1); and the use of appropriate discount rates in the measurement of fair value. we believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. as quoted market prices are unavailable for our individual mining operations, fair value is determined through the use of after-tax discounted estimated future cash flows.
for the two years ended december 31, 2019 , we concluded there were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of our long-lived mining assets might not be recoverable. in addition to decreases in future metal price assumptions, other events that could result in future impairment of our long-lived mining assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site production levels or costs.
refer to "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december
31, 2019 . environmental obligations our current and historical operating activities are subject to various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. environmental expenditures are charged to expense or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefits. the guidance provided by u.s. gaap requires that liabilities for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that obligations have been incurred, and the cost can be reasonably estimated. at december 31, 2019 , environmental obligations recorded in our consolidated balance sheet totaled $1.6 billion , which reflect obligations for environmental liabilities attributed to the comprehensive environmental response, 67 table of contents compensation, and liability act of 1980 (cercla) or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters. refer to notes 1 and
12 for further discussion of environmental obligations, including a summary of changes in our estimated environmental obligations for the three years ended december 31, 2019 . accounting for environmental obligations represents a critical accounting estimate because changes to environmental laws and regulations and/or circumstances affecting our operations could result in significant changes to our estimates, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations. we perform a comprehensive annual review of our environmental obligations and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. judgments and estimates are based upon currently available facts, existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, remediation experience, whether or not we are a potentially responsible party (prp), the ability of other prps to pay their allocated portions and take into consideration reasonably possible outcomes. our cost estimates can change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of site contamination, updated cost assumptions (including increases and decreases to cost estimates), changes in the anticipated scope and timing of remediation activities, the settlement of environmental matters, required remediation methods and actions by or against governmental agencies or private parties. asset retirement obligations we record the fair value of our estimated asset retirement obligations (aros) associated with tangible long-lived assets in the period incurred. fair value is measured as the present value of cash flow estimates after considering inflation and a market risk premium. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible long-lived assets in the period incurred. these cost estimates may differ from financial assurance cost estimates for reclamation activities because of a variety of factors, including obtaining updated cost estimates for reclamation activities, the timing of reclamation activities, changes in scope and the exclusion of certain costs not considered reclamation and closure costs. at december 31,
2019 , aros recorded in our consolidated balance sheet totaled $2.5 billion , including $0.4 billion associated with our remaining oil and gas operations. refer to notes 1 and 12 for further discussion of reclamation and closure costs, including a summary of changes in our aros for the three years ended december 31, 2019 . generally, aro activities are specified by regulations or in permits issued by the relevant governing authority, and management judgment is required to estimate the extent and timing of expenditures. accounting for aros represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) we will not incur most of these costs for a number of years, requiring us to make estimates over a long period, (ii) reclamation and closure laws and regulations could change in the future and/or circumstances affecting our operations could change, either of which could result in significant changes to our current plans, (iii) the methods used or required to plug and abandon non-producing oil and gas wellbores, remove platforms, tanks, production equipment and flow lines, and restore the wellsite could change, (iv)
calculating the fair value of our aros requires management to estimate projected cash flows, make long-term assumptions about inflation rates, determine our credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rates and determine market risk premiums that are appropriate for our operations and (v) given the magnitude of our estimated reclamation, mine closure and wellsite abandonment and restoration costs, changes in any or all of these estimates could have a significant impact on our results of operations. taxes in preparing our annual consolidated financial statements, we estimate the actual amount of income taxes currently payable or receivable as well as deferred income tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates or laws is recognized in income in the period in which such changes are enacted. our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. we and our subsidiaries are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of our contracts or laws.
final taxes paid may be dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities. in certain jurisdictions, we pay a portion of the disputed amount before formally appealing an assessment. such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount is collectible. 68 table of contents a valuation allowance is provided for those deferred income tax assets for which the weight of available evidence suggests that the related benefits will not be realized. in determining the amount of the valuation allowance, we consider estimated future taxable income or loss as well as feasible tax planning strategies in each jurisdiction. if we determine that we will not realize all or a portion of our deferred income tax assets, we will increase our valuation allowance.
conversely, if we determine that we will ultimately be able to realize all or a portion of the related benefits for which a valuation allowance has been provided, all or a portion of the related valuation allowance will be reduced.
our valuation allowances totaled $4.6 billion at december 31, 2019 , which covered all of our u.s. foreign tax credits, u.s. federal net operating losses, foreign net operating losses, and substantially all of our u.s. state net operating losses. refer to note 11 for further discussion.
consolidated results years ended december 31,
2019
summary financial data                       (in millions, except per share amounts)               2018
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenuesa,b                               $                                   14,402     c    $  18,628
operating incomea,d,e,f                   $                                    1,091          $   4,754     g,h net (loss) income from continuing         $                                     (192  )  m,n  $   2,909     o operationsi,j,k,l net income (loss) from discontinued       $                                        3          $     (15  )
operations net (loss) income attributable to common  $                                     (239  )       $   2,602
stock diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock:
continuing operations                     $                                    (0.17  )       $    1.79
discontinued operations                                                            -              (0.01  )
$                                    (0.17  )       $    1.78
diluted weighted-average common shares                                         1,451              1,458
outstanding operating cash flowsp                     $                                    1,482          $   3,863
capital expenditures                      $                                    2,652          $   1,971
at december 31:
cash and cash equivalents                 $                                    2,020          $   4,217
total debt, including current portion     $                                    9,826          $  11,141
a.  refer to note 16 for a summary of revenues and operating income by operating division.
b.  includes adjustments to embedded derivatives for provisionally priced concentrate and cathode sales (refer to note 14).
includes charges totaling $166 million ($91 million to net loss attributable to common stock or $0.06 per c.  share) primarily associated with an unfavorable indonesia supreme court ruling related to certain disputed pt-fi export duties (refer to note 12).
includes net gains on sales of assets totaling$417 million($339 millionto net loss attributable to common d.  stock or$0.23per share) in2019and$208 million($208 millionto net income attributable to common stock or$0.14per share) in2018. refer to note 2 and "net gain on sales of assets" below for further discussion.
includes net charges for adjustments to environmental obligations and related litigation reserves of$68
e.  million($68 millionto net loss attributable to common stock or$0.05per share) in2019and$57 million($57
millionto net income attributable to common stock or$0.04per share) in2018.
includes metals inventory adjustments totaling$179 million($144 millionto net loss attributable to common f.  stock or$0.10per share) for the year 2019 and $4 million ($4 million to net income attributable to common stock or less than $0.01 per share) for the year 2018.
includes net charges at pt-fi of $223 million ($110 millionto net income attributable to common stock or$0.08per share) consisting of $69 million for surface water tax settlements with the local regional tax g.  authority in papua, indonesia, $32 million for assessments for prior period permit fees with indonesia's ministry of environment and forestry, $72 million for disputed payroll withholding taxes for prior years and other tax settlements, and $62 million to write-off certain previously capitalized project costs for the new indonesia smelter, partly offset by inventory adjustments totaling $12 million.
includes net charges of $112 million ($52 million to net income attributable to common stock or $0.04 per h.  share) consisting of $69 million for cerro verde's new three-year collective labor agreement (cla) and $43
million, mostly associated with depreciation expense at freeport cobalt, which was suspended while it was classified as held for sale.
69 table of contents includes net charges associated with disputed cerro verde royalties for prior years of$7 millionto net loss attributable to common stock (less than $0.01 per share) in 2019 and$195 millionto net income attributable to common stock ($0.13per share) in 2018. net charges for the year 2019 consist of charges to production i.  and delivery costs ($6 million) and interest expense ($10 million). net charges for the year 2018 primarily reflect charges to production and delivery costs ($14 million), interest expense ($370 million) and other expense ($22 million), net of income tax benefits ($35 million) and noncontrolling interests ($176
million).refer to note 12 for further discussion.
includes after-tax net (losses) gains on early extinguishment and exchanges of debt totaling$(26)
j.  million($(0.02)per share) in 2019 and $7 million (less than $0.01 per share) in 2018. refer to note8for further discussion.
includes net tax (charges) credits of $(1) million ($34 millionnet of noncontrolling interests or$0.02per k.  share) in 2019 and $632 million ($574 millionnet of noncontrolling interests or$0.39per share) in2018.
refer to "income taxes" below for further discussion.
l.  we defer recognizing profits on intercompany sales until final sales to third parties occur. refer to
"operations - smelting & refining" for a summary of net impacts from changes in these deferrals.
includes charges at pt-fi of $294 million ($288 million to net loss attributable to common stock or $0.20
per share) consisting of $234 million associated with pt-fi's historical contested tax disputes, $32
m.  million for a currency exchange adjustment to value-added tax receivables and $28 million for an adjustment to the settlement of the historical surface water tax matters with the local regional tax authority in papua, indonesia.
the year 2019 also includes net charges totaling $59 million ($26 million to net loss attributable to n.  common stock or $0.02 per share) primarily associated with weather-related issues at el abra, adjustments to cerro verde's deferred profit sharing and mining asset impairments, partly offset by net credits mostly for asset retirement obligation adjustments.
o.  includes interest received on tax refunds totaling$30 million($19 millionto net income attributable to common stock or$0.01per share), mostly associated with the refund of pt-fi's prior years' tax receivables.
p.  includes net working capital and other sources (uses) totaling$349 millionin2019and$(656) millionin2018.
years ended december 31,
2019        2018
summary operating data copper(millions of recoverable pounds)
production                                                    3,247       3,813
sales, excluding purchases                                    3,292       3,811
average realized price per pound        $                      2.73    $   2.91
site production and delivery costs per  $                      2.15    $   1.76
pounda unit net cash costs per pounda          $                      1.74    $   1.07
gold(thousands of recoverable ounces)
production                                                      882       2,439
sales, excluding purchases                                      991       2,389
average realized price per ounce        $                     1,415    $  1,254
molybdenum(millions of recoverable pounds)
production                                                       90          95
sales, excluding purchases                                       90          94
average realized price per pound        $                     12.61    $  12.50
reflects per pound weighted-average production and delivery costs and unit net cash costs (net of a.  by-product credits) for all copper mines, before net noncash and other costs. for reconciliations of the per pound unit costs by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements, refer to "product revenues and production costs."
70 table of contents revenues consolidated revenues totaled $14.4 billion in 2019 and $18.6 billion in 2018 . our revenues primarily include the sale of copper concentrate, copper cathode, copper rod, gold in concentrate and molybdenum. following is a summary of changes in our consolidated revenues from 2018 to 2019 (in millions):
consolidated revenues - 2018                     $  18,628
mining operations:
lower sales volumes:
copper                                              (1,509  )
gold                                                (1,753  )
molybdenum                                             (51  )
(lower) higher averaged realized prices:
copper                                                (593  )
gold                                                   160
molybdenum                                              10
adjustments for prior year provisionally priced        128
copper sales higher revenues from sales of purchased copper           8
lower cobalt revenues                                 (527  )
lower atlantic copper revenues                        (234  )
lower treatment and refining charges                   131
lower royalties and export duties                       92
other, including intercompany eliminations             (88  )
consolidated revenues - 2019                     $  14,402
sales volumes. lower copper and gold sales volumes in 2019 , compared to 2018 , primarily reflecting anticipated lower mill rates and ore grades as pt-fi continues to ramp-up production from its underground ore bodies. lower molybdenum sales volumes in 2019 , compared with 2018 , primarily reflect lower production from our primary molybdenum mines because of market conditions. refer to "operations" for further discussion of sales volumes at our mining operations. realized prices. our consolidated revenues can vary significantly as a result of fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold and molybdenum. in 2019, our average realized prices were 6 percent lower for copper, 13 percent higher for gold and 1 percent higher for molybdenum, compared with 2018 . average realized copper prices include net unfavorable adjustments to current year provisionally priced copper sales (i.e., provisionally priced sales for the years 2019 and 2018 ) totaling $24 million for 2019 and $240 million for 2018.
refer to note 14 for a summary of total adjustments to prior period and current period provisionally priced sales.
as discussed below and in "disclosures about market risks-commodity price risk", substantially all of our copper concentrate and cathode sales contracts provide final copper pricing in a specified future month (generally one to four months from the shipment date). we record revenues and invoice customers at the time of shipment based on then-current lme prices, which results in an embedded derivative on provisionally priced concentrate and cathode sales that is adjusted to fair value through earnings each period, using the period-end forward prices, until final pricing on the date of settlement. to the extent final prices are higher or lower than what was recorded on a provisional basis, an increase or decrease to revenues is recorded each reporting period until the date of final pricing. accordingly, in times of rising copper prices, our revenues benefit from adjustments to the final pricing of provisionally priced sales pursuant to contracts entered into in prior periods; in times of falling copper prices, the opposite occurs. prior year provisionally priced copper sales. net favorable (unfavorable) adjustments to prior years' provisionally priced copper sales (i.e., provisionally priced copper sales at december 31, 2018 and
2017) recorded in consolidated revenues totaled $58 million in 2019 and $(70) million in 2018 . refer to
"disclosures about market risks-commodity price risk" for further discussion of our provisionally priced copper sales, and to note 14 for a summary of total adjustments to prior period and current period provisionally priced copper sales. 71 table of contents cobalt revenues. lower cobalt revenues in 2019, compared with 2018, primarily reflect lower cobalt prices. purchased copper. we purchase copper cathode primarily for processing by our rod &
refining operations. purchased copper volumes totaled 379 million pounds in 2019 and 356 million pounds in 2018 .
atlantic copper revenues. atlantic copper revenues totaled $2.1 billion in 2019 and $2.3 billion in 2018 . lower atlantic copper revenues in 2019 , compared with 2018 , primarily reflect lower copper sales volumes and lower copper prices. treatment and refining charges. treatment and refining charges represent payments to smelters and refiners and vary with the volume of metals sold. lower treatment and refining charges in 2019, compared with 2018, primarily reflect lower sales volumes at pt-fi. royalties and export duties. royalties are primarily for sales from pt-fi and vary with the volume of metal sold and the prices of copper and gold, and pt-fi will continue to pay export duties until development progress for the new smelter in indonesia exceeds 50 percent. royalties and export duties totaled $334 million in 2019 compared with $426 million in 2018, primarily reflecting lower sales volumes at pt-fi. the year 2019 also included charges totaling $166 million, primarily associated with an unfavorable indonesia supreme court ruling related to certain disputed pt-fi export duties. refer to note 13 for a summary of pt-fi's royalties and export duties. production and delivery costs consolidated production and delivery costs totaled $11.5 billion in 2019 , compared with $11.7 billion in 2018 . refer to note 16 for details of production and delivery costs by operating segment. mining unit site production and delivery costs site production and delivery costs for our copper mining operations primarily include labor, energy and commodity-based inputs, such as sulphuric acid, reagents, liners, tires and explosives. consolidated unit site production and delivery costs
(before net noncash and other costs) for our copper mines averaged $2.15 per pound of copper in 2019 and $1.76 per pound in 2018 . higher consolidated unit site production and delivery costs in 2019 , compared with 2018 , primarily reflected lower volumes associated with pt-fi's transition from mining the open pit to underground. refer to "operations - unit net cash costs" for further discussion of unit net cash costs associated with our operating divisions, and to "product revenues and production costs" for reconciliations of per pound costs by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
our copper mining operations require significant amounts of energy, principally diesel, electricity, coal and natural gas, most of which is obtained from third parties under long-term contracts. energy represented approximately 20 percent of our copper mine site operating costs in 2019 , including purchases of approximately 230
million gallons of diesel fuel; 8,200 gigawatt hours of electricity at our north america and south america copper mining operations (we generate all of our power at our indonesia mining operation); 675 thousand metric tons of coal for our coal power plant in indonesia; and 1 million mmbtu (million british thermal units) of natural gas at certain of our north america mines. based on current cost estimates, energy will also approximate 20 percent of our copper mine site operating costs for 2020 . depreciation, depletion and amortization depreciation will vary under the uop method as a result of changes in sales volumes and the related uop rates at our mining operations.
consolidated dd&a totaled $1.4 billion in 2019 and $1.8 billion in 2018 . lower dd&a in 2019 , compared with 2018 , primarily reflects lower sales volumes, and lower uop rates because of increased proven and probable reserves at our north america and south america mines as a result of a higher copper price assumption at december 31, 2018.
mining exploration and research expenses consolidated exploration and research expenses for our mining operations totaled $104 million in 2019 and $105 million in 2018 . our mining exploration activities are generally associated with our existing mines, focusing on opportunities to expand reserves and resources to support development of additional future production capacity. a drilling program to further delineate the lone star resource continues to indicate significant additional mineralization in this district, with higher ore grades than our other north america copper mines. exploration results continue to indicate opportunities for significant future potential reserve additions in north america and south america. exploration spending is expected to approximate $70 million in 2020 . 72 table of contents environmental obligations and shutdown costs environmental obligation costs reflect net revisions to our long-term environmental obligations, which vary from period to period because of changes to environmental laws and regulations, the settlement of environmental matters and/or circumstances affecting our operations that could result in significant changes in our estimates (refer to "critical accounting estimates -
environmental obligations" for further discussion). shutdown costs include care-and-maintenance costs and any litigation, remediation or related expenditures associated with closed facilities or operations. net charges for environmental obligations and shutdown costs totaled $105 million in 2019 and $89 million in 2018 . higher costs in
2019 compared with 2018, primarily reflect increased legal expenses associated with our legacy talc mining subsidiaries. refer to note 12 for environmental obligations and litigation matters. net gain on sales of assets net gain on sales of assets totaled $417 million in 2019 , primarily including $343 million associated with the sale of our interest in the lower zone of the timok exploration project in serbia and $59 million associated with the sale of our cobalt refinery in kokkola, finland, and related cobalt cathode precursor business. net gain on sales of assets totaled $208 million in 2018 , primarily associated with oil and gas transactions and adjustments to assets held for sale. refer to note 2 for further discussion of dispositions. interest expense, net consolidated interest costs (before capitalization and excluding interest expense associated with disputed cerro verde royalties and pt-fi's historical contested tax disputes) totaled $623 million in 2019 and $671 million in 2018 . lower interest expense in 2019 compared to 2018, reflects a decrease in total debt, primarily reflecting the redemption of our 3.100% senior notes due 2020 and a prepayment on the cerro verde credit facility. refer to note 8 for further discussion of our 2019 debt transactions. interest expense associated with disputed cerro verde royalties totaled $68 million (including $58 million associated with installment payment programs) in 2019 and $370 million in 2018 . refer to note 12 for further discussion. capitalized interest varies with the level of expenditures for our development projects and average interest rates on our borrowings, and totaled $149 million in 2019 and $96
million in 2018 . refer to "operations" and "capital resources and liquidity - investing activities" for further discussion of current development projects. other (expense) income, net other (expense) income, net, totaled $(138)
million in 2019 and $76 million in 2018 . the year 2019 includes charges totaling $188 million associated with pt-
fi's historical contested tax disputes (refer to note 11) and a currency exchange adjustment to value-added tax receivables at pt-fi. the year 2018 includes $30 million of interest received on tax refunds, mostly associated with the refund of pt-fi's prior years' tax receivables. 73 table of contents income taxes following is a summary of the approximate amounts used in the calculation of our consolidated income tax (provision) benefit from continuing operations for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentages):
2019                          income                 2018                         income income       effecti...        tax(prov...               income       effectiv...       tax(pro...
(loss)a       tax rate          benefit              (loss)a       rate             benefit
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
u.s.b    $       (277  )    -%           $          -     c,d  $       352       7%           $       (24  )  e south             497       48%                  (241  )               706       43%                 (303  )
america indone...           340       44%                  (149  )  f          3,027       42%               (1,284  )  g pt-fi histor...
contes...          (201  )    (39)%                 (78  )                 -       -                      -
tax disput...
pt-fi export           (155  )    31%                    48                    -       -                      -
duty matteri change in pt-fi               -       n/a                     -                    -       n/a                  504     j tax rates adjust...
to                  -       n/a                   (49  )  k              -       n/a                    -
deferr...
taxes u.s.
tax                 -       n/a                     -                    -       n/a                  123     l reform cerro verde             (16  )    n/a                     2                 (406  )    n/a                   35     m royalty dispute elimin...
and               118       n/a                   (43  )               213       n/a                  (42  )
other consol...  $        306       167%      n  $       (510  )       $     3,892       25%          $      (991  )
a.  represents income (loss) from continuing operations by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliated companies' net earnings.
in addition to our north america mining operations, the u.s. jurisdiction reflects corporate-level b.  expenses, which include interest expense associated with senior notes, general and administrative expenses, and environmental obligations and shutdown costs.
includes tax credits of $29 millionassociated with adjustments to the calculation of transition tax related c.  to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the act) and $24 million associated with state law changes and the settlement of state income tax examinations.
d.  includes a tax charge of $53 million associated with the sale of our interest in the lower zone of the timok exploration project in serbia.
includes net tax charges of $20 million, primarily associated with adjustments to the calculation of e.  transition tax related to the act and a tax credit of $5 million associated with the settlement of a state income tax examination.
f.  includes a tax charge of $5 million ($4 million net of noncontrolling interests) primarily for non-deductible penalties related to pt-fi's surface water tax settlement.
g.  includes a tax credit of$20 million($17 millionnet of noncontrolling interest) for adjustments to pt-fi's historical tax positions.
h.  refer to note 11 for further discussion of the development of a framework for resolution of these historical contested tax disputes.
i.  refer to note 12 for further discussion of the unfavorable indonesia supreme court ruling related to certain disputed pt-fi export duties.
j.  reflects a tax credit of$504 million($453 millionnet of noncontrolling interest) resulting from the change in pt-fi's tax rates in accordance with its special mining license (iupk).
k.  includes net tax charges totaling $49 million ($15 million net of noncontrolling interests) primarily to adjust deferred taxes on historical balance sheet items in accordance with tax accounting principles.
l.  in december 2018, we completed our analysis of the act and recognized benefits totaling $123 million ($119
million net of noncontrolling interest) associated with alternative minimum tax credit refunds.
m.  refer to note 12 for a summary of charges related to cerro verde's disputed royalties for prior years.
our consolidated effective income tax rate is a function of the combined effective tax rates for the n.  jurisdictions in which we operate, excluding the u.s. jurisdiction. because our u.s. jurisdiction generated net losses during2019that will not result in a realized tax benefit, applicable accounting rules require us to adjust our estimated annual effective tax rate to exclude the impact of u.s. net losses.
assuming achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates and average prices of $2.85 per pound for copper,
$1,500 per ounce for gold and $10.00 per pound for molybdenum for 2020 , we estimate our consolidated effective tax rate for the year 2020 would approximate 42 percent . based on an average price of $2.60 per pound for copper and all other assumptions being the same as discussed above, we estimate our consolidated effective tax rate for 2020
would exceed 90 percent. changes in sales volumes and average prices during 2020 would incur tax impacts at estimated effective rates of 38 percent for indonesia, 40 percent for peru and 0 percent for the u.s. 74 table of contents changes to the relative proportions of jurisdictional income result in fluctuations to our consolidated effective income tax rate. because of our u.s. tax position, we do not record a financial statement impact for income or losses generated in the u.s.; therefore, our consolidated effective rate is generally higher than the international rates at lower copper prices and lower than international rates at higher copper prices. refer to note 11 for further discussion of income taxes. operations productivity and innovation initiatives during 2019, we advanced initiatives in our north america and south america mining operations to enhance productivity, expand margins and reduce the capital intensity of the business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. the pilot program initiated at the bagdad mine in northwest arizona in late 2018 was successful in utilizing data science, machine learning and integrated functional teams to address bottlenecks, provide cost benefits and drive improved overall performance. the program is now being implemented across the north america and south america operations. a series of action items have been identified, prioritized and are being implemented. based on the opportunities identified to date, we have incorporated higher mining and milling rates in our future plans, resulting in estimated incremental production of approximately 100 million pounds of copper in 2021 and approximately 200 million pounds in 2022. capital expenditures associated with these initiatives are expected to be attractive in relation to developing new copper supply. we currently estimate capital costs of these initiatives, principally for mining equipment and ongoing development of data science and machine learning programs, will approximate $200 million, most of which will be incurred in 2020. north america copper mines we operate seven open-pit copper mines in north america - morenci, bagdad, safford, sierrita and miami in arizona, and chino and tyrone in new mexico. all of the north america mining operations are wholly owned, except for morenci. we record our 72 percent undivided joint venture interest in morenci using the proportionate consolidation method. the north america copper mines include open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching and solution extraction/electrowinning (sx/ew) operations. a majority of the copper produced at our north america copper mines is cast into copper rod by our rod & refining segment. the remainder of our north america copper production is sold as copper cathode or copper concentrate, a portion of which is shipped to atlantic copper (our wholly owned smelter). molybdenum concentrate, gold and silver are also produced by certain of our north america copper mines . operating and development activities. we have significant undeveloped reserves and resources in north america and a portfolio of potential long-term development projects.
future investments are dependent on market conditions and will be undertaken based on the results of economic and technical feasibility studies, including the incorporation of innovation initiatives to reduce capital intensity.
through exploration drilling, we have identified a significant resource at our wholly owned lone star copper leach project located near the safford operation in eastern arizona. an initial project to develop the lone star leachable ores commenced in 2018, with first production expected during 2020. initial production from the lone star leachable ores following a ramp-up period is expected to average approximately 200 million pounds of copper per year, with the potential for future expansion options. total capital costs for the initial project, including mine equipment and pre-production stripping, are expected to approximate $850 million and will benefit from the utilization of existing infrastructure at the adjacent safford operation. as of december 31, 2019 , approximately
$655 million has been incurred for this project, which is on schedule and within budget. the project also advances exposure to a significant sulfide resource. we expect to incorporate positive drilling and ongoing results in our future development plans. 75 table of contents operating data. following is summary operating data for the north america copper mines for the years ended december 31:
2019          2018
operating data, net of joint venture interests copper(millions of recoverable pounds)
production                                   1,457         1,404
sales, excluding purchases                   1,442         1,428
average realized price per pound        $     2.74    $     2.96
molybdenum(millions of recoverable pounds)
productiona                                     32            32
100% operating data leach operations leach ore placed in stockpiles (metric     750,900       681,400
tons per day)
average copper ore grade (percent)            0.23          0.24
copper production (millions of                 993           951
recoverable pounds)
mill operations ore milled (metric tons per day)           326,100       301,000
average ore grade (percent):
copper                                        0.34          0.35
molybdenum                                    0.02          0.02
copper recovery rate (percent)                87.0          87.8
copper production (millions of                 748           719
recoverable pounds)
a.  refer to "consolidated results" for our consolidated molybdenum sales volumes, which include sales of molybdenum produced at the north america copper mines.
copper sales volumes from our north america copper mines totaled 1.4 billion pounds in 2019 and 2018 . north america copper sales are estimated to approximate 1.6 billion pounds of copper in 2020 . refer to "outlook" for projected molybdenum sales volumes. unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 76 table of contents gross profit per pound of copper and molybdenum the following tables summarize unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper at our north america copper mines for the two years ended december 31, 2019 . refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of the "by-product" and
"co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
2019                                              2018
by-             co-product                        by-              co-product product                 method       molyb-       product                  method       molyb-
method                 copper       denuma        method                  copper       denuma
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding     $     2.74       $           2.74    $   11.51    $     2.96       $            2.96    $   11.64
adjustments site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown         2.05                   1.88         9.29          1.94                    1.77         9.03
below by-product         (0.24  )                   -            -         (0.26  )                    -            -
credits treatment           0.11                   0.11            -          0.11                    0.10            -
charges unit net            1.92                   1.99         9.29          1.79                    1.87         9.03
cash costs dd&a                0.24                   0.21         0.72          0.25                    0.23         0.73
metals inventory           0.02                   0.02            -             -                       -            -
adjustments noncash and other costs,        0.08                   0.07         0.29          0.07                    0.06         0.17
net total unit          2.26                   2.29        10.30          2.11                    2.16         9.93
costs revenue adjustments, primarily for                    -                      -            -             -                       -            -
pricing on prior period open sales gross profit  $     0.48       $           0.45    $    1.21    $     0.85       $            0.80    $    1.71
per pound copper sales
(millions of       1,441                  1,441                      1,426                   1,426
recoverable pounds)
molybdenum sales
(millions of                                              32                                                 32
recoverable pounds)a a.  reflects sales of molybdenum produced by certain of the north america copper mines to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing.
our north america copper mines have varying cost structures because of differences in ore grades and characteristics, processing costs, by-product credits and other factors. during 2019 , average unit net cash costs
(net of by-product credits) for the north america copper mines ranged from $1.48 per pound to $2.65 per pound at the individual mines and averaged $1.92 per pound. higher average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits)
of $1.92 in 2019 , compared with $1.79 per pound in 2018 , primarily reflect higher milling and other site production costs. average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our north america copper mines are expected to approximate $1.93 per pound of copper in 2020 , based on achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates and assuming an average molybdenum price of $10.00 per pound for the year 2020 . the impact of price changes during 2020 on north america's average unit net cash costs for the year 2020 would approximate $0.04 per pound for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum. south america mining we operate two copper mines in south america - cerro verde in peru (in which we own a 53.56 percent interest) and el abra in chile (in which we own a 51 percent interest), which are consolidated in our financial statements. south america mining includes open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching and sx/ew operations. production from our south america mines is sold as copper concentrate or cathode under long-term contracts. our south america mines also sell a portion of their copper concentrate production to atlantic copper. in addition to copper, the cerro verde mine produces molybdenum concentrate and silver. operating and development activities. cerro verde's expanded operations benefit from its large-scale, long-lived reserves and cost efficiencies and have continued to perform well.
debottlenecking projects and additional initiatives to enhance operating rates continue to be advanced. cerro verde concentrating operations averaged 393,100 metric tons of ore per day in 2019. ongoing productivity and innovation initiatives are targeting the opportunity to increase production to 420,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2021. 77
table of contents we continue to evaluate a large-scale expansion at el abra to process additional sulfide material and to achieve higher recoveries. el abra's large sulfide resource could potentially support a major mill project similar to facilities constructed at cerro verde. technical and economic studies continue to be advanced to determine the optimal scope and timing of the project in parallel with extending the life of the current leaching operation. operating data. following is summary operating data for our south america mining operations for the years ended december 31.
2019          2018
copper(millions of recoverable pounds)
production                                   1,183         1,249
sales                                        1,183         1,253
average realized price per pound        $     2.71    $     2.87
molybdenum(millions of recoverable pounds)
productiona                                     29            28
leach operations leach ore placed in stockpiles (metric     205,900       195,200
tons per day)
average copper ore grade (percent)            0.37          0.33
copper production (millions of                 268           287
recoverable pounds)
mill operations ore milled (metric tons per day)           393,100       387,600
average ore grade (percent):
copper                                        0.36          0.38
molybdenum                                    0.02          0.01
copper recovery rate (percent)                83.5          84.3
copper production (millions of                 916           962
recoverable pounds)
a.  refer to "consolidated results" for our consolidated molybdenum sales volumes, which include sales of molybdenum produced at cerro verde.
lower consolidated copper sales volumes from south america of 1.18 billion pounds in 2019 , compared with 1.25
billion pounds in 2018 , primarily reflect lower mill ore grades and recovery rates. copper sales from south america mines are expected to approximate 1.15 billion pounds of copper in 2020 . refer to "outlook" for projected molybdenum sales volumes. unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 78 table of contents gross profit per pound of copper the following tables summarize unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper at our south america mining operations for the two years ended december 31,
2019 . unit net cash costs per pound of copper are reflected under the by-product and co-product methods as the south america mining operations also had sales of molybdenum and silver. refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of the "by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
2019                                 2018
by-product          co-product       by-product           co-product method              method           method               method
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding adjustments      $        2.71       $        2.71    $        2.87        $        2.87
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below                   1.85                1.68             1.79     a           1.65
by-product credits                           (0.27  )                -            (0.24  )                 -
treatment charges                             0.18                0.18             0.19                 0.19
royalty on metals                             0.01                0.01             0.01                 0.01
unit net cash costs                           1.77                1.87             1.75                 1.85
dd&a                                          0.40                0.36             0.44                 0.40
noncash and other costs, net                  0.08                0.07             0.06                 0.06
total unit costs                              2.25                2.30             2.25                 2.31
revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales                       0.03                0.03            (0.03  )             (0.03  )
gross profit per pound               $        0.49       $        0.44    $        0.59        $        0.53
copper sales (millions of recoverable                                  1,183               1,183            1,253                1,253
pounds)
a.  includes charges totaling $0.06 per pound of copper associated with cerro verde's three-year cla.
our south america mines have varying cost structures because of differences in ore grades and characteristics, processing costs, by-product credits and other factors. higher average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) of $1.77 per pound of copper in 2019 , compared with $1.75 per pound in 2018 , primarily reflected lower sales volumes. revenues from cerro verde's concentrate sales are recorded net of treatment charges, which will vary with cerro verde's sales volumes and the price of copper. because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, south america's unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales. dd&a per pound of copper under the by-product method was $0.40 in 2019, compared with $0.44 in 2018, primarily reflecting an increase in proven and probable mineral reserves at december 31, 2018. revenue adjustments primarily result from changes in prices on provisionally priced copper sales recognized in prior periods. refer to
"consolidated results - revenues" for further discussion of adjustments to prior period provisionally priced copper sales. average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining are expected to approximate $1.95 per pound of copper in 2020 , based on current sales volume and cost estimates and assuming average prices of $10.00 per pound of molybdenum for the year 2020 . indonesia mining pt-fi's assets include one of the world's largest copper and gold deposits at the grasberg minerals district in papua, indonesia. pt-fi produces copper concentrate that contains significant quantities of gold and silver. we have a 48.76 percent interest in pt-
fi and manage its mining operations. as further discussed in note 1, under the terms of the shareholders agreement, our economic interest in pt-fi approximates 81 percent through 2022. pt-fi's results are consolidated in our financial statements. substantially all of pt-fi's copper concentrate is sold under long-term contracts. during
2019 , 64 percent of pt-fi's copper concentrate was sold to pt smelting (pt-fi's 25-percent-owned smelter and refinery in gresik, indonesia). 79 table of contents pt-fi and union officials have commenced discussions for a new two-year labor agreement. the existing agreement, which expired in september 2019, will continue in effect until a new agreement is consummated. operating and development activities . during fourth-quarter 2019, pt-fi completed mining the final phase of the grasberg open pit and continues to achieve important milestones in ramping-up production of large-scale quantities of copper and gold from its significant underground ore bodies. in the aggregate, the grasberg open pit produced over 27 billion pounds of copper and 46 million ounces of gold in the
30-year period from 1990 through 2019. the following provides additional information on the development of the grasberg block cave underground mine, the deep mill level zone (dmlz) underground mine and the new indonesia smelter. results to date from the grasberg block cave and dmlz underground mines are positive and in line with long-term plans to reach full production rates. estimates of timing of future production from the underground mines continue to be reviewed and may be modified as additional information becomes available. grasberg block cave . pt-
fi has commenced extraction of ore from the grasberg block cave underground mine, which is the same ore body historically mined from the surface in the grasberg open pit. reserves from the grasberg block cave totaled 17.2
billion pounds of copper and 14.2 million ounces of gold at december 31, 2019, representing approximately half of pt-fi's total copper and gold reserves. undercutting, drawbell construction and ore extraction activities in the grasberg block cave underground mine continue to track expectations. ore extraction from the grasberg block cave underground mine averaged 8,600 metric tons of ore per day in 2019 . following completion of a maintenance program in mid-december, ore extraction from the grasberg block cave averaged 17,000 metric tons of ore per day. monitoring data on cave propagation in the grasberg block cave underground mine is providing confidence in growing production rates over time. as existing drawpoints mature and additional drawpoints are added, cave development is expected to increase production rates to an average of 30,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2020, over 60,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2021 and 130,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2023 from five production blocks spanning 335,000
square meters. mine development capital costs for the grasberg block cave underground mine and associated common infrastructure are expected to approximate $6.7 billion, including $4.6 billion incurred through december 31, 2019
($0.7 billion during 2019). dmlz . the dmlz underground mine, located east of the grasberg ore body and below the deep ore zone (doz) underground mine, has continued its ramp-up of production. hydraulic fracturing operations have been effective in managing rock stresses and pre-conditioning the cave following mining-induced seismic activity experienced in 2017 and 2018. ore extraction continues to exceed expectations, averaging 9,800 metric tons of ore per day in 2019 and reached approximately 16,000 metric tons of ore per day at year-end 2019. ongoing hydraulic fracturing operations combined with continued undercutting and drawbell openings in the two currently active production blocks are expected to expand the cave, supporting higher production rates that are expected to average
29,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2020, approach 60,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2021 and 80,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2022 from three production blocks. mine development capital costs for the dmlz underground mine are expected to approximate $3.4 billion, including $2.8 billion incurred through december 31, 2019 ($0.3
billion during 2019). indonesia smelter. in connection with the extension of pt-fi's mining rights from 2031 to
2041, pt-fi committed to construct a new smelter in indonesia by december 21, 2023. a site for the new smelter has been selected, and ground preparation is advancing. engineering and front-end engineering and design for the selected process technology are advancing and expected to be completed in 2020. the preliminary capital cost estimate for the project approximates $3 billion, pending completion of final engineering. estimated related capital expenditures for 2020 approximate $0.5 billion. pt-fi has advanced financing discussions with a syndicate of banks and expects the project will be funded by a bank loan to pt-fi. the debt service for the new smelter will be shared by pt-fi's shareholders according to their respective equity ownership percentages. as a result, our future distributions from pt-fi will incorporate approximately 49 percent of the smelter debt service. 80 table of contents operating data. following is summary operating data for our indonesia mining operations for the years ended december 31.
2019          2018
operating dataa copper(millions of recoverable pounds)
production                                     607         1,160
sales                                          667         1,130
average realized price per pound        $     2.72    $     2.89
gold(thousands of recoverable ounces)
production                                     863         2,416
sales                                          973         2,366
average realized price per ounce        $    1,416    $    1,254
100% operating data ore milled (metric tons per day):
grasberg open pitb                          60,100       133,300
doz underground minec                       25,500        33,800
dmlz underground minec                       9,800         3,200
grasberg block cave underground minec        8,600         4,000
big gossan underground minec                 6,100         3,800
total                                      110,100       178,100
average ore grade:
copper (percent)                              0.84          0.98
gold (grams per metric ton)                   0.93          1.58
recovery rates (percent):
copper                                        88.4          91.8
gold                                          75.0          84.7
production (recoverable):
copper (millions of pounds)                    607         1,227
gold (thousands of ounces)                     863         2,697
operating data through december 21, 2018, is net of the former rio tinto joint venture interest. refer to a.  note 2 for further discussion.
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
b.  includes ore from related stockpiles.
c.  reflects ore extracted, including ore from development activities that result in metal production.
lower consolidated sales of 0.7 billion pounds of copper and 1.0 million ounces of gold in 2019 , compared with 1.1
billion pounds of copper and 2.4 million ounces of gold in 2018 , primarily reflected anticipated lower mill rates and ore grades associated with pt-fi transitioning mining from the open pit to underground. consolidated sales volumes from pt-fi are expected to approximate 750 million pounds of copper and 0.8 million ounces of gold in 2020
. as pt-fi continues to ramp-up production from its underground ore bodies, metal production is expected to improve significantly by 2021. unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metal mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 81 table of contents gross profit per pound of copper and per ounce of gold the following tables summarize the unit net cash costs (credits) and gross profit per pound of copper and per ounce of gold at our indonesia mining operations for the two years ended december 31, 2019 . refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of "by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs
(credits) per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
2019
by-           co-produ...                               2018           co-produ...
product              method                         by-product              method method              copper           gold              method              copper           gold
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding  $     2.72        $       2.72       $  1,416       $        2.89        $       2.89       $  1,254
adjustme...
site producti...
and delivery, before net noncash and other costs            2.91                1.63            849                1.48                0.77            335
shown below gold and silver          (2.13  )                -              -               (2.69  )                -              -
credits treatment        0.26                0.14             75                0.26                0.14             59
charges export           0.08                0.05             25                0.16                0.08             36
duties royalty          0.16                0.09             49                0.21                0.11             48
on metals unit net cash             1.28                1.91            998               (0.58  )             1.10            478
costs
(credits)
dd&a             0.61                0.34            178                0.54                0.28            121
metals inventory        0.01                0.01              -                   -                   -              -
adjustme...
noncash and other        0.37     a          0.20            110                0.21     b          0.11             48
costs, net total unit             2.27                2.46          1,286                0.17                1.49            647
costs revenue adjustme...
primarily for pricing on prior period           0.03                0.03              2               (0.03  )            (0.03  )           7
open sales pt smelting intercom...       (0.02  )            (0.02  )          (8  )             0.04                0.03             12
(loss)
profit gross profit     $     0.46        $       0.27       $    124       $        2.73        $       1.40       $    626
per pound/ou...
copper sales
(millions         667                 667                              1,130               1,130
of recovera...
pounds)
gold sales
(thousan...                                            973                                                  2,366
of recovera...
ounces)
includes charges in revenues totaling $0.25 per pound of copper primarily associated with an unfavorable indonesia supreme court ruling related to certain disputed pt-fi export duties, partly offset by a.  adjustments to prior year treatment charges totaling $0.03 per pound of copper. also includes charges of$0.04per pound of copper associated with adjustments to the settlement of the historical surface water tax disputes with the local regional tax authority in papua, indonesia.
b.  includes net charges of $0.20 per pound of copper (refer to "consolidated results" for a summary of these charges).
a significant portion of pt-fi's costs are fixed and unit costs vary depending volumes and other factors. pt-fi's unit net cash costs (including gold and silver credits) of $1.28 per pound of copper in 2019 , were higher than unit net cash credits of $0.58 per pound in 2018 , primarily reflecting lower copper production and gold credits.
treatment charges vary with the volume of metals sold and the price of copper, and royalties vary with the volume of metals sold and the prices of copper and gold. pt-fi will continue to pay export duties until development progress for the new smelter in indonesia exceeds 50 percent. pt-fi's export duties totaled $56 million in 2019 and
$180 million in 2018 , and pt-fi's royalties totaled $107 million in 2019 and $238 million in 2018 . refer to note
13 for further discussion of pt-fi's export duties and royalties. because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, pt-fi's unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales. dd&a per pound of copper under they by-product method was $0.61 in 2019, compared with $0.54
in 2018, primarily reflecting lower copper sales volumes in 2019. revenue adjustments primarily result from changes in prices on provisionally priced copper sales recognized in prior periods. refer to "consolidated results -
revenues" for further discussion of adjustments to prior period provisionally priced copper sales. pt smelting intercompany (loss) profit represents the change in the deferral of 25 percent of pt-fi's profit on sales to pt smelting. refer to "operations - smelting & refining" below for further discussion. 82 table of contents assuming an average gold price of $1,500 per ounce for 2020 and achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, unit net cash costs (including gold and silver credits) for pt-fi are expected to approximate $1.04 per pound of copper for the year 2020 . the impact of price changes during 2020 on pt-fi's average unit net cash costs would approximate $0.05 per pound for each $50 per ounce change in the average price of gold. pt-fi's projected sales volumes and unit net cash costs for the year 2020 are dependent on a number of factors, including operational performance, timing of shipments and the indonesia government's extension of pt-fi's export license beyond march 8,
2020. pt-fi's estimated annual capital spending on underground mine development projects is expected to average
$0.8 billion per year for the three-year period 2020 through 2022, net of scheduled contributions from pt indonesia asahan aluminum (persero) (pt inalum). in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, aggregate costs (before scheduled contributions from pt inalum), which are expected to average $1.0 billion per year for the three-year period 2020 through 2022, will be reflected as an investing activity in our cash flow statement, and contributions from pt inalum will be reflected as a financing activity. molybdenum mines we have two wholly owned molybdenum mines in colorado - the henderson underground mine and the climax open-pit mine. the henderson and climax mines produce high-purity, chemical-grade molybdenum concentrate, which is typically further processed into value-added molybdenum chemical products. the majority of the molybdenum concentrate produced at the henderson and climax mines, as well as from our north america and south america copper mines, is processed at our own conversion facilities. operating and development activities. production from the molybdenum mines totaled 29 million pounds of molybdenum in 2019 and 35 million pounds in 2018 . the decrease in 2019, compared with 2018, primarily reflects the impact of market conditions. refer to "consolidated results" for our consolidated molybdenum operating data, which includes sales of molybdenum produced at our molybdenum mines, and from our north america and south america copper mines, and refer to "outlook" for projected consolidated molybdenum sales volumes. unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum. unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. unit net cash costs for our molybdenum mines of $10.80 per pound of molybdenum in 2019 were higher than $8.77 per pound in 2018 , primarily reflecting lower sales volumes. based on current sales volume and cost estimates, average unit net cash costs for the molybdenum mines are expected to approximate $10.50 per pound of molybdenum for the year 2020 . refer to
"product revenues and production costs" for a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements. smelting & refining we wholly own and operate a smelter in arizona (miami smelter), a refinery in texas (el paso refinery) and a smelter and refinery in spain (atlantic copper). additionally, pt-fi owns 25 percent of a smelter and refinery in gresik, indonesia (pt smelting). treatment charges for smelting and refining copper concentrate consist of a base rate per pound of copper and per ounce of gold and are generally fixed. treatment charges represent a cost to our mining operations and income to atlantic copper and pt smelting. thus, higher treatment charges benefit our smelter operations and adversely affect our mining operations. our north america copper mines are less significantly affected by changes in treatment charges because these operations are largely integrated with our miami smelter and el paso refinery. through this form of downstream integration, we are assured placement of a significant portion of our concentrate production. during 2019, we incurred charges totaling $38 million for a maintenance turnaround at the miami smelter. the next major maintenance turnaround at the miami smelter is scheduled for 2021. 83 table of contents atlantic copper smelts and refines copper concentrate and markets refined copper and precious metals in slimes. following is a summary of atlantic copper's concentrate purchases from unaffiliated third parties and our copper mining operations for the two years ended december 31, 2019 :
2019         2018
third parties                73     %     77     %
north america copper mines   22           14
south america mining          2            5
indonesia mining              3            4
100     %    100     %
pt-fi's contract with pt smelting provides for pt-fi to supply 100 percent of the copper concentrate requirements
(subject to a minimum or maximum treatment charge rate) necessary for pt smelting to produce 205,000 metric tons of copper annually on a priority basis. pt-fi may also sell copper concentrate to pt smelting at market rates for quantities in excess of 205,000 metric tons of copper annually. pt-fi supplied 90 percent of pt smelting's concentrate requirements in both 2019 and 2018 . pt smelting processed 64 percent of pt-fi's concentrate production in 2019 and 38 percent of such production in 2018 . pt smelting produced 246,100 metric tons of copper anode from its smelter and 241,200 metric tons of copper cathode from its refinery in 2019 ; and 258,800 metric tons of copper anode from its smelter and 257,600 metric tons of copper cathode from its refinery in 2018 . in march 2019, pt smelting received a one-year extension of its anode slimes export license, which currently expires march 11, 2020.
pt smelting's maintenance turnarounds (which range from two weeks to a month to complete) typically are expected to occur approximately every two years, with short-term maintenance turnarounds in the interim. pt smelting completed a 30-day maintenance turnaround during 2018, and the next major turnaround is scheduled to start in november 2020.
we defer recognizing profits on sales from our mining operations to atlantic copper and on 25 percent of pt-fi's sales to pt smelting until final sales to third parties occur. changes in these deferrals attributable to variability in intercompany volumes resulted in net (reductions) additions to operating income totaling $(22)
million ( $(18) million to net income attributable to common stock) in 2019 and $69 million ( $42 million to net income attributable to common stock) in 2018 . our net deferred profits on our inventories at atlantic copper and pt smelting to be recognized in future periods' net income attributable to common stock totaled $38 million at december 31, 2019 . quarterly variations in ore grades, the timing of intercompany shipments and changes in product prices will result in variability in our net deferred profits and quarterly earnings. capital resources and liquidity our consolidated operating cash flows vary with prices realized from copper, gold and molybdenum sales;
our sales volumes; production costs; income taxes; other working capital changes and other factors. we believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. pt-fi has several projects in the grasberg minerals district related to the development of its large-scale, long-lived, high-
grade underground ore bodies (refer to "operations - indonesia mining" for further discussion of pt-fi's transition of mining from the open pit to underground) and we are in the process of completing a project to develop the lone star leachable ores near the safford operation in eastern arizona. we are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. as presented in "outlook", our projected capital expenditures for 2020 (excluding estimates associated with the new smelter in indonesia) are approximately
$0.4 billion higher than projected operating cash flows. a large portion of the capital expenditures relate to projects that are expected to add significant production and cash flow in future periods, enabling us to generate operating cash flows exceeding capital expenditures in future years. we have cash on hand and the financial flexibility to fund these expenditures and will continue to be disciplined in deploying capital. subject to future commodity prices for copper, gold and molybdenum, we expect estimated consolidated operating cash flows in 2020 , plus available cash and availability under our credit facility, to be sufficient to fund our 84 table of contents budgeted capital expenditures, cash dividends, noncontrolling interest distributions and other cash requirements for the year. we have no significant scheduled debt maturities until fourth-quarter 2021. refer to "outlook" for further discussion of projected operating cash flows for 2020. cash following is a summary of the u.s. and international components of consolidated cash and cash equivalents available to the parent company, net of noncontrolling interests' share, taxes and other costs at december 31, 2019 (in billions):
cash at domestic companies              $   1.3
cash at international operations            0.7
total consolidated cash and cash            2.0
equivalents noncontrolling interests' share            (0.3  )
cash, net of noncontrolling interests'  $   1.7
share withholding taxes                             -     a net cash available                      $   1.7
a.  rounds to less than $0.1 billion.
cash held at our international operations is generally used to support our foreign operations' capital expenditures, operating expenses, debt repayments, working capital, or other cash needs. management believes that sufficient liquidity is available in the u.s. from cash balances and availability from our revolving credit facility. we have not elected to permanently reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, and we have recorded deferred tax liabilities for foreign earnings that are available to be repatriated to the u.s. from time to time, our foreign subsidiaries distribute earnings to the u.s. through dividends that are subject to applicable withholding taxes and noncontrolling interests' share. debt at december 31, 2019 , consolidated debt totaled $9.8
billion , with a related weighted-average interest rate of 4.5 percent. we had no borrowings, $13 million in letters of credit issued and approximately $3.5 billion available under our revolving credit facility at december
31, 2019 . refer to "financing activities" below and note 8 for further discussion of debt. as discussed in note 8, on august 15, 2019, we completed the sale of $1.2 billion of senior notes and used the net proceeds to fund the make-whole redemption of all of our outstanding 6.875% senior notes due 2023, and the concurrent tender offers to purchase a portion of our 4.00% senior notes due 2021 and 3.55% senior notes due 2022. as a result of the redemption and tender offers, we recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling $26 million in 2019.
operating activities we generated consolidated operating cash flows of $1.5 billion in 2019 (including $0.3 billion in working capital and other sources) and $3.9 billion in 2018 (net of $0.7 billion in working capital and other uses). lower operating cash flows for 2019 , compared with 2018 , primarily reflected lower copper and gold sales volumes and lower copper prices, partly offset by changes in working capital associated with decreases in inventory and timing of international tax payments. investing activities capital expenditures. capital expenditures, including capitalized interest, totaled $2.65 billion (including $1.5 billion for major projects) in 2019 and $2.0
billion (including $1.2 billion for major projects) in 2018 . higher capital expenditures in 2019 , compared with
2018 , primarily reflected underground development activities in the grasberg minerals district and development of the lone star copper leach project in arizona. refer to "outlook" for further discussion of projected capital expenditures for 2020 . 85 table of contents acquisitions and dispositions. during fourth-quarter 2019, we generated $452 million in proceeds from sales of (i) our interest in the lower zone of the timok exploration project in serbia and (ii) our cobalt refinery in kokkola, finland, and related cobalt cathode precursor business.
in december 2018, we completed the transaction with the indonesia government regarding pt-fi's long-term mining rights and share ownership. in connection with the transaction, pt-fi acquired rio tinto's joint venture interests for $3.5 billion. in addition, we received proceeds of $350 million for the sale of 100 percent of our interests in pt indonesia papua metal dan mineral (pti - formerly known as pt indocopper investama) and $107 million from rio tinto for its share of the 2018 joint venture cash flows. refer to note 2 for further discussion of acquisitions and dispositions. financing activities debt transactions. net repayments of debt in 2019 totaled $1.3 billion , primarily consisting of the redemption of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our 3.100% senior notes due
2020 and the repayment of $200 million under the cerro verde credit facility. additionally, during 2019, we issued
$1.2 billion in new senior notes and used the net proceeds to redeem and purchase other senior notes. net repayments of debt in 2018 totaled $2.1 billion , primarily consisting of $1.4 billion for senior notes due march
2018 and $454 million for senior notes due in 2022 and 2023. refer to note 8 for further discussion of debt transactions. equity transactions. in december 2018, an aggregate 40 percent share ownership in pt-fi was issued to pt inalum and pti, for $3.5 billion . see note 2 for further discussion. cash dividends and distributions paid. in february 2018, the board reinstated a cash dividend on our common stock. we paid dividends on our common stock totaling $291 million in 2019 and $218 million in 2018 . on december 18, 2019, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share on our common stock, which was paid on february 3, 2020, to shareholders of record as of january 15, 2020. the declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our board and will depend upon our financial results, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our board. cash dividends and other distributions paid to noncontrolling interests totaled $82 million in 2019 and $278 million in
2018 . these payments will vary based on the operating results and cash requirements of our consolidated subsidiaries. contributions from noncontrolling interests. during 2019, we received equity contributions totaling
$165 million from pt inalum for their share of capital spending on pt-fi underground mine development projects and costs for the new smelter in indonesia. 86 table of contents contractual obligations we have contractual and other long-term obligations, including debt maturities based on principal amounts, which we expect to fund with available cash, projected operating cash flows, availability under our revolving credit facility or future financing transactions, if necessary. following is a summary of these various obligations at december 31, 2019 (in millions):
2021 to       2023 to total        2020               2022          2024       thereafter
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
debt maturities                         $   9,881    $     12         $    2,916    $    2,773    $       4,180
scheduled interest payment                  4,564         452    -           832           576            2,704
obligationsa aro and environmental obligationsb          7,862         440                696           436            6,290
take-or-pay contractsc                      3,608       1,646              1,031           544              387
operating lease obligations                   317          57                 79            60              121
totald                                  $  26,232    $  2,607         $    5,554    $    4,389    $      13,682
scheduled interest payment obligations were calculated using stated coupon rates for fixed-rate debt and a.  interest rates applicable atdecember 31, 2019, for variable-rate debt.
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
represents estimated cash payments, on an undiscounted and unescalated basis, associated with aro and environmental activities (including $478 million for our oil and gas operations). the timing and the amount b.  of these payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of aro activities, the settlement of environmental matters and as actual spending occurs. refer to note12for additional discussion of environmental and aro matters.
represents contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services agreements enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, and primarily include the procurement of copper concentrate
($2.3 billion), cobalt ($0.5 billion), electricity ($0.4 billion) and transportation services ($0.3
billion). some of our take-or-pay contracts are settled based on the prevailing market rate for the service c.  or commodity purchased, and in some cases, the amount of the actual obligation may change over time because of market conditions. obligations for copper concentrate provide for deliveries of specified volumes to atlantic copper at market-based prices. obligations for cobalt hydroxide intermediate provide for deliveries of specified volumes to freeport cobalt at market-based prices. electricity obligations are primarily for long-term power purchase agreements in north america and contractual minimum demand at the south america mines. transportation obligations are primarily for south america contracted ocean freight.
this table excludes certain other obligations in our consolidated balance sheets, such as estimated funding for pension, postretirement and other employee benefit obligations as the funding may vary from year to year based on changes in the fair value of plan assets and actuarial assumptions, commitments and d.  contingencies totaling$122 millionand unrecognized tax benefits totaling$255 millionwhere the timing of settlement is not determinable, and other less significant amounts. this table also excludes purchase orders for inventory and other goods and services, as purchase orders typically represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements.
in addition to our debt maturities and other contractual obligations discussed above, we have other commitments, which we expect to fund with available cash, projected operating cash flows, available credit facilities or future financing transactions, if necessary. these include (i) pt-fi's commitment to provide one percent of its annual revenue for the development of the local people in its area of operations through the freeport partnership fund for community development, which expired on december 31, 2019, but negotiations for an extension are currently underway, (ii) cerro verde's scheduled installment payments for disputed mining royalty assessments and (iii) other commercial commitments, including standby letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees. refer to notes 9 , 12 and
13 for further discussion of these commitments. 87 table of contents contingencies environmental the cost of complying with environmental laws is a fundamental and substantial cost of our business. at december 31, 2019 , we had $1.6 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for environmental obligations attributed to cercla or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental obligations that are considered probable based on specific facts and circumstances. we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs (including our joint venture partners' shares) to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations totaling $0.4 billion in both 2019 and 2018. for 2020 , we expect to incur approximately $0.5 billion of aggregate environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs.
the timing and amount of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of reclamation and plug and abandonment activities, the settlement of environmental matters and the rate at which actual spending occurs on continuing matters. refer to note 12 and "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 , for further information about environmental regulation, including significant environmental matters. asset retirement obligations we recognize aros as liabilities when incurred, with the initial measurement at fair value. these obligations, which are initially estimated based on discounted cash flow estimates, are accreted to full value over time through charges to cost of sales. mine reclamation costs for disturbances are recorded as an aro and as a related asset retirement cost (arc) (included in property, plant, equipment and mine development costs) in the period of disturbance. oil and gas plugging and abandonment costs are recognized as an aro and as a related arc (included in oil and gas properties) in the period in which the well is drilled or acquired. for non-operating properties without reserves, changes to the aro are recorded in earnings. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible, long-lived assets. at december 31, 2019 , we had $2.5 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for aros, including $0.4 billion related to our oil and gas properties. spending on aros totaled $170 million in 2019 and $160 million in 2018 (including $77 million in
2019 and $83 million in 2018 for our oil and gas operations). for 2020 , we expect to incur approximately $0.3
billion in aggregate aro payments (including $96 million for our oil and gas operations). refer to note 12 for further discussion. litigation and other contingencies refer to notes 2 and 12 , and "legal proceedings" contained in part i, item 3. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 , for further discussion of contingencies associated with legal proceedings and other matters. disclosures about market risks
