item 1a.   risk factors in addition to the normal risks of business, we are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those listed below and others described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. any of the risks described herein could result in a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to our business and operations security breaches or attacks, or our failure to comply with information security laws or regulations or industry security requirements, could harm our business by disrupting delivery of services and damaging the reputation of fis and could result in a breach of one or more client contracts.
fis electronically receives, processes, stores and transmits sensitive business information of its clients. in addition, fis collects personal consumer data, such as names and addresses, social security numbers, driver's license numbers, cardholder data and payment history records. such information is necessary to support our clients' transaction processing and to conduct our check authorization and collection businesses. the uninterrupted operation of information systems, as well as the confidentiality of the customer/consumer information that resides on such systems, is critical to the successful operation of fis. for that reason, cybersecurity is one of the principal operational risks fis faces as a provider of services to financial institutions. if fis fails to maintain an adequate security infrastructure, adapt to emerging security threats, or implement
12
sufficient security standards and technology to protect against security breaches, the confidentiality of the information fis secures could be compromised. unauthorized access to the computer systems or databases of fis could result in the theft or publication of confidential information, the deletion or modification of records, damages from legal actions from clients and/or their customers, or otherwise cause interruptions in fis' operations and damage to its reputation. these risks are greater with increased information transmission over the internet, the increasing level of sophistication posed by cyber criminals, nation state-sponsored cyber attacks and the integration of fis systems with those of acquired companies such as worldpay.
as a provider of services to financial institutions and a provider of card processing services, fis is bound by the same limitations on disclosure of the information fis receives from clients as apply to the clients themselves. if fis fails to comply with these regulations and industry security requirements, it could be exposed to damages from legal actions from clients and/or their customers, governmental proceedings, governmental notice requirements, and the imposition of significant fines or prohibitions on card processing services. in addition, if more restrictive privacy laws, rules or industry security requirements are adopted in the future on the federal or state level, or by a specific industry body, they could have an adverse impact on fis through increased costs or restrictions on business processes.
any inability to prevent security or privacy breaches, or the perception that such breaches may occur, could cause existing clients to lose confidence in fis systems and terminate their agreements with fis, inhibit fis' ability to attract new clients, result in increasing regulation, or bring about other adverse consequences from the government agencies that regulate fis.
entity mergers or consolidations and business failures in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our business by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and making us more dependent on a more limited number of clients.
there has been and continues to be substantial consolidation activity in the banking and financial services industry. in addition, certain financial institutions that experienced negative operating results, including some of our clients, have failed. these consolidations and failures reduce our number of potential clients and may reduce our number of existing clients, which could adversely affect our revenue, even if the events do not reduce the aggregate activities of the consolidated entities. further, if our clients or our partners across any of our businesses fail and/or merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients or our partners, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce use of our services. it is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting from consolidations would have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
increased merchant, financial institution or referral partner attrition and decreased transaction volume could cause fis' revenue to decline.
our merchant business may experience attrition and declines in merchant and financial institution credit, debit or prepaid card processing volume resulting from several factors, including business closures, consolidations, loss of accounts to competitors, account closures that it initiates due to heightened credit risks, and reductions in its merchants' sales volumes. our referral partners, many of which are not exclusive, such as merchant banks, technology solution partners, payment facilitators, independent sales organizations and trade associations are contributors to our revenue growth. if a referral partner switches to another transaction processor, shuts down or becomes insolvent, we will no longer receive new merchant referrals from the referral partner, and we risk losing existing merchants that were originally enrolled by the referral partner. fis cannot predict the level of attrition and decreased transaction volume in the future, and its revenue could decline as a result of higher-than-expected attrition, which could have a material adverse effect on fis' business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to innovate or adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade or implement our technology are not successful, we could lose clients, or our clients could lose customers, and we could have difficulty attracting new clients for our services.
the markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new services and evolving industry standards. our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current solutions and develop and introduce new solutions and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. in addition, as more of our revenue and market demand shifts to software as a service ("saas"), business process as a service ("bpaas"), cloud, and new emerging technologies, the need to keep pace with rapid technology changes becomes more acute. these initiatives carry the risks associated with any new solution development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and implementation, and performance issues. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing, marketing and selling new solutions or enhancements that meet these changing demands, that we will not experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, implementation, introduction, and marketing of
13
these solutions or enhancements, or that our new solutions and enhancements will adequately meet the demands of the marketplace and achieve market acceptance. any of these developments could have an adverse impact on our future revenue and/or business prospects.
we operate in a competitive business environment; if we are unable to compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
the market for our services is intensely competitive. our competitors in banking and capital market solutions vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the solutions and services they offer. some of our competitors have substantial resources. we face direct competition from third parties, and because many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house and therefore view their system requirements from a make-versus-buy perspective, we also often compete against our potential clients' in-house capacities. in addition, the markets in which we compete have recently attracted increasing competition from smaller start-ups with emerging technologies which are receiving increasing investments, global banks (and businesses controlled by combinations of global banks) and global internet companies that are introducing competitive products and services into the marketplace, particularly in the payments area. emerging technologies and increased competition may also have the effect of unbundling bank solutions and result in displacing solutions we are currently providing from our legacy systems. international competitors are also now targeting and entering the u.s. market with greater force. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face in the markets in which we operate will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in the merchant business, our competitors include financial institutions and well-established payment processing companies. in this business, our u.s. competitors that are financial institutions or are affiliated with financial institutions may not incur the sponsorship costs we incur for registration with the payment networks. accordingly, these competitors may be able to offer more attractive fees to our current and prospective clients or other services that we do not provide. competition could result in a loss of existing clients and greater difficulty attracting new clients. furthermore, if competition causes us to reduce the fees we charge in order to attract or retain clients, there is no assurance we can successfully control our costs in order to maintain our profit margins. one or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on fis' business, financial condition and results of operations.
fis is currently facing new competitive pressure from non-traditional payment processors and other parties entering the payments industry, which may compete in one or more of the functions performed in processing merchant transactions. these competitors have significant financial resources and robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers. if these competitors gain a greater share of total electronic payments transactions, or if we are unable to successfully react to changes in the industry spurred by the entry of these new market participants, then it could have a material adverse effect on fis' business, financial condition and results of operations. see "item 1. business, competition."
global economic, political and other conditions, including business cycles, seasonality and consumer confidence, may adversely affect our clients or trends in consumer spending, which may adversely impact the demand for our services and our revenue and profitability.
a significant portion of our revenue is derived from transaction processing fees. the global transaction processing industries depend heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. any change in economic factors, including a sustained deterioration in general economic conditions or consumer confidence, particularly in the u.s., or increases in interest rates in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer spending, consumer debt levels and credit and debit card usage, and as a result, adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions that we service.
when there is a slowdown or downturn in the economy, a drop in stock market levels or trading volumes, or an event that disrupts the financial markets, our business and financial results, particularly with respect to our capital markets segment, may suffer for a number of reasons. customers may react to worsening conditions by reducing their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their information technology spending. in addition, customers may curtail or discontinue trading operations, delay or cancel information technology projects, or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers to lower cost solutions. any further protective trade policies or actions taken by the u.s. may also result in other countries reducing, or making more expensive, services permitted to be provided by u.s.-based companies. if any of these circumstances remain in effect for an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial results.
14
the merchant business has experienced in the past, and expects to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in its revenue as a result of consumer spending patterns. historically, merchant revenue has been strongest in the fourth quarter and weakest in the first quarter. this is due to the increase in the number and amount of electronic payment transactions related to seasonal retail events.
constraints within global financial markets or international regulatory requirements could constrain our financial institution clients' ability to purchase our services, impacting our future growth and profitability.
a significant number of our clients and potential clients may hold sovereign debt of economically struggling nations or be subject to international banking regulatory requirements such as basel iii (and a set of further reforms known as basel iv scheduled to be phased in commencing in january 2022), which may require changes in their capitalization and hence the amount of their working capital available to purchase our services. these potential constraints could alter the ability of clients or potential clients to purchase our services and thus could have a significant impact on our future growth and profitability.
the sales and implementation cycles for many of our software and service offerings can be lengthy and require significant investment from both our clients and fis. if we fail to close sales, or if a client chooses not to complete an installation after expending significant time and resources to do so, then our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
the sales and associated deployment of many of our software or service offerings often involve significant capital commitments by our clients and/or fis. potential clients generally commit significant resources to an evaluation of available software and services and require us to expend substantial time, effort, and money educating them prior to sales. further, as part of the sale or deployment of our software and services, clients may also require fis to perform significant related services to complete a proof of concept or custom development to meet their needs. all of the aforementioned activities may require the expenditure of significant funds and management resources and, ultimately, the client may determine not to close the sale or complete the implementation. if we are unsuccessful in closing sales or implementing our solutions, or if the client decides not to complete an implementation after we expend significant funds and management resources or we experience delays, then it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our results may fluctuate from period to period because of the lengthy and unpredictable sales cycle for our software, changes in our mix of licenses and services, activity by competitors, and customer budgeting, operational requirements or renewal cycles.
particularly with respect to our capital markets segment, our operating results may fluctuate from period to period and be difficult to predict in a particular period due to the timing and magnitude of software license sales and other factors.  we offer a number of our software solutions on a license basis, which means that the customer has the right to run the software on its own or a third party's hardware.  we generally recognize license revenue when the license contract is signed, the software is delivered, and the term has begun.  the value of the license often depends on a number of customer-specific factors, such as the number of customer locations, users or accounts.  the sales cycle for a software license may be lengthy and take unexpected turns.  thus, it is difficult to predict when software sales will occur or how much revenue they will generate.  because there are few incremental costs associated with software sales, our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to the timing and magnitude of software sales.  our results may also vary as a result of pricing pressures, increased cost of equipment, the evolving and unpredictable markets in which our solutions and services are sold, changes in accounting principles, and competitors' new solutions or services.
in addition, there are a number of other factors that could cause our sales and results of operation to fluctuate from period to period, including the following:
•   customers periodically renew or upgrade their installed base of our solutions, which trigger buying cycles for current or new versions of our solutions;
•   the budgeting cycles and purchasing practices of customers, particularly large customers;
•   changes in customer, distributor or reseller requirements or market needs;
•   deferral of orders from customers in anticipation of new solutions or offerings announced by us or our competitors or otherwise anticipated by the market;
•   our ability to successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; and
•   insolvency or credit difficulties confronting our customers, which could adversely affect their ability to purchase or pay for our solutions.
15
failure to obtain new clients or renew client contracts on favorable terms could adversely affect results of operations and financial condition.
we may face pricing pressure in obtaining and retaining our clients. larger clients may be able to seek price reductions from us when they renew a contract, when a contract is extended, or when the client's business has significant volume changes. larger clients may also reduce services if they decide to move services in-house. further, our smaller and mid-size clients may also exert pricing pressure, particularly upon renewal, due to competition or other economic needs or pressures being experienced by the client. on some occasions, this pricing pressure results in lower revenue from a client than we had anticipated based on our previous agreement with that client. this reduction in revenue could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
further, failure to renew client contracts on favorable terms could have an adverse effect on our business. our contracts with clients generally run for several years and include liquidated damage provisions that provide for early termination fees. terms are generally renegotiated prior to the end of a contract's term. if we are not successful in achieving a high rate of contract renewals on favorable terms, then our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our business and operating results could be adversely affected if we experience business interruptions, errors or failure in connection with our or third-party information technology and communication systems and other software and hardware used in connection with our business, if we experience defects or design errors in the software solutions we offer, or more generally, if the third-party vendors we rely upon are unwilling or unable to provide the services we need to effectively operate our business.
many of our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. further, the technology solutions underlying our services have occasionally contained, and may in the future contain, undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. in addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technologies on platforms used by our clients, or our clients may cancel a project after we have expended significant effort and resources to complete an installation. finally, our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses. defects in our technology solutions, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions, or other difficulties could result in (i) interruption of business operations; (ii) delay in market acceptance; (iii) additional development and remediation costs; (iv) diversion of technical and other resources; (v) loss of clients; (vi) negative publicity; or (vii) exposure to liability claims. any one or more of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. although we attempt to limit our potential liability through controls, including system redundancies, security controls, application development and testing controls, and disclaimers and limitation-of-liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will always be successful in preventing disruption or limiting our liability.
further, most of the solutions we offer are very complex software systems that are regularly updated. no matter how careful the design and development, complex software often contains errors and defects when first introduced and when major new updates or enhancements are released. if errors or defects are discovered in current or future solutions, then we may not be able to correct them in a timely manner, if at all. in our development of updates and enhancements to our software solutions, we may make a major design error that makes the solution operate incorrectly or less efficiently. the failure of software to properly perform could result in the company and its clients being subjected to losses or liability, including censures, fines, or other sanctions by the applicable regulatory authorities, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those errors. in addition, such errors could cause the company to lose revenue, lose clients or damage its reputation.
in addition, we generally depend on a number of third parties, both in the united states and internationally, to supply elements of our systems, computers, research and market data, connectivity, communication network infrastructure, other equipment and related support and maintenance. we cannot be certain that any of these third parties will be able to continue providing these services to effectively meet our evolving needs. if our vendors, or in certain cases vendors of our customers, fail to meet their obligations, provide poor or untimely service, or we are unable to make alternative arrangements for the provision of these services, then we may in turn fail to provide our services or to meet our obligations to our customers, and our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
16
the dodd-frank act, the cfpb, and rules and regulations adopted by state regulatory authorities, such as the new york state department of financial services, may result in business changes for certain of our businesses and clients; these have had, and further could have, an adverse effect on our financial condition, revenue, results of operations, or prospects for future growth and overall business.
the dodd-frank act represented a comprehensive overhaul of the regulations governing the financial services industry within the u.s.  the dodd-frank act established the cfpb and provided the cfpb with rulemaking authority with respect to certain federal consumer protection statutes as well as examination and supervisory authority over consumer reporting agencies, including chexsystems.
the cfpb continues to establish rules and regulations for regulating financial and non-financial institutions and providers to those institutions to ensure adequate protection of consumer privacy and to ensure consumers are not impacted by deceptive business practices. these rules and regulations govern our clients or potential clients and also govern certain of our businesses.  these regulations have resulted, and may further result, in the need for fis to make capital investments to modify our solutions and services to facilitate our clients' and potential clients' compliance, as well as to deploy additional processes or reporting to comply with these regulations. in the future, we may be subject to additional expense to ensure continued compliance with applicable laws and regulations and to investigate, defend and/or remedy actual or alleged violations. further, requirements of these regulations have resulted, and could further result, in changes in our business practices, our clients' business practices and those of other marketplace participants that may alter the delivery of services to consumers, which have impacted, and could further impact, the demand for our software and services as well as alter the type or volume of transactions that we process on behalf of our clients. as a result, these requirements, or proposed or future requirements, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, revenue, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business.
the new york department of financial services has enacted new rules that require covered financial institutions to establish and maintain cybersecurity programs. these, and a set of newer rules just issued, subject fis to additional regulation and require us to adopt additional business practices that could also require additional capital expenditures or impact our operating results. changes to state money transmission laws and regulations, including changing interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements, may result in the need for additional money transmitter licenses.  these changes could result in increased costs of compliance, as well as fines or penalties.
moreover, the legislative and regulatory landscape for financial crimes compliance continues to evolve, and any failure to comply with such laws could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. financial crimes laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and impose inconsistent or conflicting requirements. complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance and associated recordkeeping costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
the company is subject to regulation, supervision, and enforcement authority of numerous governmental and regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions in which it operates, which includes banking regulators and the cfpb in the u.s., the fca and psr in the u.k., and the dnb in the netherlands.
because the company is a technology service provider to u.s. financial institutions, it is subject to regular oversight and examination by the federal banking agencies ("fba"), each of which is a member of the ffiec, an inter-agency body of federal banking regulators. the fba have broad discretion in the implementation, interpretation and enforcement of banking and consumer protection laws and use the ffiec's uniform principles, standards and report forms in its review of bank service providers like fis. a failure to comply with these laws, or a failure to meet the supervisory expectations of the banking regulators, could result in adverse action against the company. the regulators have the power to, among other things, enjoin "unsafe or unsound" practices; require affirmative actions to correct any violation or practice; issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced; direct the sale of subsidiaries or other assets; and assess civil money penalties.
the company is also subject to ongoing supervision by regulatory and governmental bodies across the world, including economic and conduct regulators, such as the fca and psr in the u.k. and the dnb in the netherlands, and regulatory and governmental bodies responsible for issuing anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, and global economic sanctions regulations. these various regulatory regimes require compliance across many aspects of our merchant activities in respect of capital requirements, safeguarding, training, authorization and supervision of personnel, systems, processes and documentation.
if we fail to comply with relevant regulations, then we risk reputational damage, potential civil and criminal sanctions, fines or other action imposed by regulatory or governmental authorities, including the potential suspension or revocation of the permission-based regulatory licenses which authorize the company to provide core services to customers. certain aspects of our business may be determined by an appropriate regulator, quasi-regulatory body or the courts as not being conducted in
17
accordance with applicable laws or regulations, or we may face allegations of direct or indirect non-compliance with relevant regulatory regimes (such as the misselling of financial products), or other actions in the u.k., the netherlands and other jurisdictions, as well as private litigation resulting from such actions. this could result in an adverse effect on fis' business, reputation and customer relationships, which in turn could adversely affect its financial position and performance.
we are also involved, from time to time, in regulatory investigations, reviews and proceedings (both formal and informal) by regulatory authorities regarding our businesses, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. specifically, the psr is carrying out a market review into card-acquiring services provided by merchant acquirers in the u.k. with the scope of such review to include the following:  the nature and characteristics of card-acquiring services; who provides card-acquiring services and how their market shares have developed historically; how merchants buy card-acquiring services; whether there are credible alternatives to card-acquiring services for some or all merchants; the outcomes of the competitive process including the fees merchants pay and the quality of service they receive. because the psr is an economic regulator in the u.k., it has the power to issue directions in relation to the functioning of the card acquiring market in the u.k. as a result of this review. further, the european commission is conducting a review of the relevant e.u. regulations on interchange fees for card-based payment transactions ("ifr") to examine the appropriateness of the levels of interchange fees (taking into account the use and cost of the various means of payments), the level of entry of new players, new technology and the impact of innovative business models on the market. the primary purpose of this review is to understand whether overall costs for card acceptance for merchants, including the overall merchant service charge, have gone up, down or broadly stayed the same since the introduction of the ifr. the e.u. has overall authority to enforce and establish new standards or guidance which may require banks and payments institutions, including our merchant business, to modify current pricing and fee structures, and the e.u. could choose to exercise such authority prior to or after conclusion of this review.
failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in suspension or revocation of the permission-based regulatory licenses and/or restrictions on our ability to provide services and/or the imposition of civil fines and/or criminal penalties and sanctions.
many of our clients are subject to a regulatory environment and to industry standards that may change in a manner that reduces the types or volume of solutions or services we provide, or may reduce the type or number of transactions in which our clients engage, and therefore reduce our revenue.
our clients are subject to a number of government regulations and industry standards with which our services must comply. our clients must ensure that our services and related solutions work within the extensive and evolving regulatory and industry requirements applicable to them. federal, state, foreign or industry authorities could adopt laws, rules or regulations affecting our clients' businesses that could lead to increased operating costs and could reduce the convenience and functionality of our services, possibly resulting in reduced market acceptance. in addition, action by regulatory authorities relating to credit availability, data usage, privacy, or other related regulatory developments could have an adverse effect on our clients and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenue, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. elimination of regulatory requirements could also adversely affect the sales of our solutions designed to help clients comply with complex regulatory environments.
our revenue relating to all aspects of the sale of services to members of visa, mastercard and other payment networks is dependent upon our continued certification and sponsorship, and the loss or suspension of certification or sponsorship could adversely affect our business.
in order to provide our card processing services, we must be certified (including applicable sponsorship) by visa, mastercard, american express, discover and other similar organizations. these certifications are dependent upon our continued adherence to the standards of the issuing bodies and sponsoring member banks. the member financial institutions, some of which are our competitors, set the standards with which we must comply. if we fail to comply with these standards we could be fined, our certifications could be suspended, or our registration could be terminated. the suspension or termination of our certifications, or any changes in, or the enforcement of, the rules and regulations governing or relating to the businesses of visa, mastercard or other payment networks, could result in a reduction in revenue or increased costs of operation for us, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in order to provide merchant transaction processing services in the u.s. and certain other jurisdictions, we are registered through our bank sponsorships with the visa, mastercard and other payment networks as service providers for member institutions. as a result, fis and many of its clients are subject to payment network rules. if fis or its associated participants do not comply with the payment network requirements, the payment networks could seek to fine fis, suspend fis or terminate its registrations. our merchant business has occasionally received notices of noncompliance and fines, which have typically
18
related to excessive chargebacks by a merchant or data security failures on the part of a merchant. if fis is unable to recover fines from, or pass through costs to, its merchants or other associated participants, then fis would experience a financial loss. the termination of its registration, or any changes in the payment network rules that would impair fis' registrations, could require the company to stop providing payment network services to the visa, mastercard or other payment networks, which would have a material adverse effect on fis' business, financial condition and results of operations.
outside of the u.s., our merchant business primarily provides acquiring and processing services directly through international credit and debit card networks run by visa, mastercard and other payment networks. in order to access the card networks, the company must maintain the relevant jurisdictional operating licenses or memberships. in some markets where it is not feasible or possible for the company to have a direct acquiring license with a card network, we have a relationship with a local financial institution sponsor. as part of the company's registration with card networks (either directly or indirectly through local sponsors), the company is subject to operating rules, including mandatory technology requirements, promulgated by the card networks that could subject the company and its customers to a variety of fines and penalties, as well as suspension and termination of membership or access.
changes in the contracts, rules or standards of networks, or relevant legal or regulatory scrutiny of pricing practices, could adversely affect fis' business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, card and debit networks increase the interchange fees that they charge. at their sole discretion, our financial institution sponsors have the right to pass any increases in interchange and other fees on to us, and they have consistently done so in the past. while we are generally permitted under the contracts with our merchants to pass these fee increases along to our merchants through corresponding increases in our processing fees, if we cannot continue to do so due to contractual or regulatory requirements or competitive pressures, the inability to pass through such fees could have a material adverse effect on fis' business, financial condition and results of operations. additionally, in order to access the card networks directly, as our merchant business does primarily outside the u.s., we must pay card network membership fees, which are subject to change from time to time, and which we may be unable to pass along to our merchant clients, potentially resulting in fis absorbing a portion or all of such increases in the future.
furthermore, the rules and regulations of the various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. any increase in the capital level required would further limit our use of capital for other purposes. moreover, as payment networks become more dependent on proprietary technology, modify their technological approach or operating practices, and/or seek to provide value added services to issuers and merchants, there is heightened risk that rules and standards may be governed by their own self-interest, or the self-interest of third parties with influence over them, which could materially impact fis' competitive position and operations.
interchange fees and pricing practices have been receiving significant legal and regulatory scrutiny worldwide. the resulting changes that could occur from proposed regulations or other forms of enforcement could alter the fees charged by us, card associations and debit networks worldwide. such changes could have an adverse impact on our business or financial condition and results of operations.
if fis' agreements with u.s. financial institution sponsors and clearing service providers to process electronic payment transactions are terminated or otherwise expire and we are unable to renew existing or secure new sponsors or clearing service providers, then we will not be able to conduct our merchant business in the u.s.
in the u.s. and certain other markets, the visa, mastercard and other payment network rules require our merchant business to be sponsored by a member bank in order to process electronic payment transactions. because we are not a u.s. bank, we are unable to directly access these payment networks in the u.s. we are currently registered with the visa, mastercard and other payment networks through fifth third bank and other sponsor banks in the u.s. and elsewhere. our current agreement with fifth third bank expires in december 2024. these agreements with fifth third bank and other sponsors give such sponsors substantial discretion in approving certain aspects of our business practices in our merchant business, including our solicitation, application and qualification procedures for merchants and the terms of our agreements with merchants. our financial institution sponsors' discretionary actions under these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we also rely on fifth third bank and various other financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. without these sponsorships or clearing services agreements in our merchant business, we would not be able to process visa, mastercard and other payment network transactions or settle transactions in relevant markets, including the u.s. which would have a material adverse effect on fis' business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, fis' financial results could be adversely affected if the costs associated with such sponsorships or clearing services agreements increase.
19
our securities brokerage operations are highly regulated and subject to risks that are not encountered in our other businesses.
one of our subsidiaries is an sec registered broker-dealer in the u.s., and others are authorized by the fca to conduct certain regulated business in the u.k. domestic and foreign regulatory and self-regulatory organizations, such as the sec, finra, and the fca, can, among other things, fine, censure, issue cease-and-desist orders against, and suspend or expel a broker-dealer or its officers or employees for failure to comply with the many laws and regulations that govern brokerage activities. those laws and regulations derive from a variety of policy considerations and address a wide range of topics, including those designed to protect customers of broker-dealers, and the privacy of their information, and those designed to protect the integrity of the markets, such as laws and regulations requiring broker-dealers to report suspicious activity of customers. sanctions for failure to comply with such laws and regulations may arise out of currently conducted activities or those conducted in prior periods. our ability to comply with these laws and regulations is largely dependent on our establishment, maintenance, and enforcement of an effective brokerage compliance program. failure to establish, maintain, and enforce the required brokerage compliance procedures, even if unintentional, could subject us to significant losses, lead to disciplinary or other actions, and tarnish our reputation. regulations affecting the brokerage industry may change, which could adversely affect our financial results.
we are exposed to certain risks relating to the execution services provided by our brokerage operations to our customers and counterparties, which include other broker-dealers, active traders, hedge funds, asset managers, and other institutional and non-institutional clients. these risks include, but are not limited to, customers or counterparties failing to pay for or deliver securities, trading errors, the inability or failure to settle trades, and trade execution system failures. as trading in the u.s. securities markets has become more automated, the potential impact of a trading error or a rapid series of errors caused by a computer or human error or a malicious act has become greater. in our other businesses, we generally can disclaim liability for trading losses that may be caused by our software, but in our brokerage operations, we may not be able to limit our liability for trading losses or failed trades even when we are not at fault. as a result, we may suffer losses that are disproportionately large compared to the relatively modest profit contributions of our brokerage operations.
privacy laws and regulations, such as the gdpr, have required and will further require fis to adopt new business practices and contractual provisions in existing and new contracts which may require transitional and incremental expenses which may impact our future operating results.
new privacy laws, such as the gdpr in the e.u., continue to develop in unpredictable ways. the company is also subject to the california consumer privacy act effective january 1, 2020 and will be subject to the brazilian general personal data protection act, which is scheduled to become effective in august 2020. failure to comply with these new laws could result in significant penalties, damage to our brand and loss of business. the company has incurred, and will continue to incur, costs to comply with these new laws. there are also several additional privacy laws being considered by state legislatures, the federal legislature and countries around the world; so, a more substantial compliance effort with varying regimes in different jurisdictions is considered probable in the future, which will increase the costs and complexities of the business. moreover, privacy laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and impose inconsistent or conflicting requirements. complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance and associated recordkeeping costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business and incur additional costs. data localization requirements in evolving data protection laws could also increase the cost and alter the approach to housing data around the world.
in addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption and data onshoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our technology for information security, operational infrastructure, policies and procedures, which could be time-consuming and costly.
if we fail to comply with applicable regulations or to meet regulatory expectations, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely impacted.
the majority of our data processing services for financial institutions are not directly subject to federal or state regulations specifically applicable to financial institutions such as banks, thrifts and credit unions. however, as a provider of services to these financial institutions, our data processing operations are examined on a regular basis by various federal and state regulatory authorities and by international regulatory authorities, such as the fca, in certain jurisdictions. if we fail to comply with any applicable regulations or guidelines for operations of a data services provider, we could be subject to regulatory actions or rating changes, may not meet contractual obligations, and may suffer harm to our client relationships or reputation. failure to meet the aforementioned requirements or to adapt to new requirements at the federal, state or international level
20
could inhibit our ability to retain existing clients or obtain new clients, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition to our data processing services described above, we also have business operations that store, process or transmit consumer information or have direct relationships with consumers that are obligated to comply with regulations, including, but not limited to, the fcra, the federal fair debt collection practices act and applicable privacy requirements. further, our international businesses must comply with applicable laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. failure to maintain compliance with or adapt to changes in any of the aforementioned requirements could result in fines, penalties or regulatory actions that could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
high profile payment card industry or digital banking security breaches could impact consumer payment behavior patterns in the future and reduce our card payment transaction volumes.
we are unable to predict whether or when high profile card payment or digital banking security breaches will occur and if they occur, whether consumers will transact less on their payment cards or reduce their digital banking service. if consumers transact less on cards issued by our clients or reduce digital banking services and we are not able to adapt to offer our clients alternative technologies, then our revenue and related earnings could be adversely affected.
misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights or a finding that our patents are invalid could impair our competitive position.
our ability to compete depends in some part upon our proprietary solutions and technology. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary or challenge the validity of our patents with governmental authorities. policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult. we cannot make any assurances that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation of technology or that the agreements entered into for that purpose will be enforceable. effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available online. misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. as we increase our international business, we are subject to further risks of misappropriation of our intellectual property risks in countries which have laws which are less protective of intellectual property or are enforced in a less protective manner.
if our applications or services are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, then we may be required to change our business practices and may also become subject to significant costs and monetary penalties.
as our information technology applications and services develop, we are increasingly subject to infringement claims. any claims, whether with or without merit, could (i) be expensive and time-consuming to defend; (ii) result in an injunction or other equitable relief which could cause us to cease making, licensing or using applications that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; (iii) require us to redesign our applications, if feasible; (iv) divert management's attention and resources; and (v) require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies or pay damages resulting from any infringing use.
some of our solutions contain "open source" software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could adversely affect our business.
we use a limited amount of software licensed by its authors or other third parties under so-called "open source" licenses and may continue to use such software in the future. some of these licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. by the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. additionally, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by u.s. or other courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our solutions. in addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on origin of the software. we have established processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from our development organizations for the use of open source, but we cannot be sure that all open source is submitted for approval prior to use in our solutions. in addition, many of the risks associated with usage of open source cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, adversely affect our business.
21
lack of system integrity, fraudulent payments, credit quality, and undetected errors related to funds settlement or the availability of clearing services could result in a financial loss.
we settle funds on behalf of financial institutions, other businesses and consumers and receive funds from clients, card issuers, payment networks and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction types. transactions facilitated by us include debit card, credit card, electronic bill payment transactions, banking payments and check clearing that supports consumers, financial institutions and other businesses. these payment activities rely upon the technology infrastructure that facilitates the verification of activity with counterparties, the facilitation of the payment as well as the detection or prevention of fraudulent payments. if our continuity of operations, integrity of processing, or ability to detect or prevent fraudulent payments were compromised, this could result in a financial loss to us. in addition, we rely on various financial institutions to provide ach services in support of funds settlement for certain of our solutions. if we are unable to obtain such ach services in the future, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. in addition, we may issue credit to consumers, financial institutions or other businesses as part of the funds settlement. a default on this credit by a counterparty could result in a financial loss to us. furthermore, if one of our clients for which we facilitate settlement suffers a fraudulent event due to a deficiency in their controls, we may suffer a financial loss if the client does not have sufficient capital to cover the loss.
the referendum on the u.k.'s membership in the e.u. could cause disruption to and create uncertainty surrounding our business.
significant portions of our merchant business is located in, and services clients in, the u.k. we also have other business and operations in the u.k. and the e.u.  the u.k. left the e.u. ("brexit") on january 31, 2020, pursuant to the terms of a withdrawal agreement concluded between the u.k. government and the council of the e.u.  the withdrawal agreement includes a transition period until december 31, 2020, during which time the u.k. will follow the e.u.'s rules and regulations and will remain in the single market and the customs union. the go-forward relationship between the u.k. and the e.u. will continue to be a point of negotiation during this transition period and there can be no guarantee as to what relationship will be agreed upon following the end of such transition period. actions to implement brexit may also create global economic uncertainty, which may cause clients to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending on our solutions and services.
although the potential impact of brexit on our business cannot be fully assessed until the detailed terms of the u.k.'s continued relationship with the e.u. following the transition period are finalized and the u.k. negotiates, concludes and implements successor trading arrangements with other countries, it is likely that this withdrawal process will continue to result in a sustained period of economic and political uncertainty and complexity.
these developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and could significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets.  asset valuations, currency exchange rates and credit ratings may be especially subject to increased market volatility.  lack of clarity about future u.k. laws and regulations as the u.k. determines which e.u. laws to replace or replicate following the transition period, including financial laws and regulations, tax and free trade agreements, intellectual property rights, supply chain logistics, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, competition laws, immigration laws and employment laws, could decrease foreign direct investment in the u.k., increase costs, depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital.  if the u.k. and the e.u. are unable to negotiate acceptable terms following the transition period or if other e.u. member states pursue withdrawal, barrier-free access between the u.k. and other e.u. member states or among the european economic area overall could be diminished or eliminated.  any of these factors could have a direct or indirect impact on our business in the u.k. and the broader e.u., on our suppliers and customers in the u.k. and the broader e.u. and on our business outside the u.k. and the broader e.u., which could have a material adverse effect on our business, business opportunities, financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
failure to properly manage or mitigate risks in the operation of our wealth and retirement businesses in the u.s and the u.k could have adverse liability consequences.
we have wealth and retirement businesses in the u.s. and u.k. engaged in processing securities transactions on behalf of clients and serving as a custodian. failure to properly manage or mitigate risks in those operations and increased volatility in the financial markets may increase the potential for, and magnitude of, resulting losses, including those that may arise from human errors or omissions, defects or interruptions in computer or communications systems or breakdowns in processes or in internal controls.  human errors or omissions may include failures to comply with applicable laws or corporate policies and procedures, theft, fraud or misappropriation of assets, whether arising from the intentional actions of internal personnel or
22
external third parties.  in addition, the u.s.-based business holds a charter in the state of georgia, which exposes us to further regulatory compliance requirements of the georgia department of banking and finance. the u.s. wealth and retirement business is required to hold certain levels of regulatory capital as defined by the state banking regulator in georgia. in the u.k., our platform securities and broker-dealer businesses are regulated by the fca and are subject to further regulatory capital requirements.
our business is subject to the risks of international operations, including movements in foreign currency exchange rates.
the international operations of fis represented approximately 24% of our total 2019 revenue and are largely conducted in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the british pound sterling, euro, brazilian real, and indian rupee. as a result of the worldpay acquisition, fis has significantly expanded its international presence by offering merchant acquiring, including ecommerce, services outside of the u.s., including in the u.k. and e.u. countries, where worldpay's principal non-u.s. operations are currently located. our business and financial results could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including the following:
•   changes in a specific country or region's political and cultural climate or economic condition, including change in governmental regime;
•unexpected or unfavorable changes in foreign laws, regulatory requirements and related interpretations;
•difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;
•inadequate intellectual property protection in foreign countries;
•   trade-protection measures, import or export licensing requirements such as export administration regulations promulgated by the u.s. department of commerce and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges;
•   trade sanctions imposed by the u.s. or other governments with jurisdictional authority over our business operations;
•   the effects of applicable and potentially adverse foreign tax law changes;
•   significant adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   lesser enforcement of intellectual property laws and protections internationally;
•   longer accounts receivable cycles;
•   managing a geographically dispersed workforce;
•   trade treaties, tariffs or agreements that could adversely affect our ability to do business in affected countries; and
•   compliance with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the office of foreign assets control regulations, particularly in emerging markets.
as we expand our international operations, more of our clients may pay us in foreign currencies. conducting business in currencies other than the u.s. dollar subjects us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that can negatively impact our results, period to period, including relative to analyst estimates or guidance. our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to foreign currencies in brazil, europe, including the u.k., and parts of asia. the u.s. dollar value of our net investments in foreign operations, the periodic conversion of foreign-denominated earnings to the u.s. dollar (our reporting currency), and our results of operations and, in some cases, cash flows, could be adversely affected in a material manner by movements in foreign currency exchange rates. these risks could cause an adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations of the company.
failure to comply with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.
we are subject to the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act and other anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in various countries around the world. the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act and similar applicable laws generally prohibit companies, as well as their officers, directors, employees and third-party intermediaries, business partners and agents, from making improper payments or providing other improper things of value to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. the fcpa also requires that u.s. public companies maintain books and records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls.
we conduct business in many foreign countries, including a number of countries with developing economies, and many of our employees, third-party intermediaries and agents in such countries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies, state owned or affiliated entities and other third parties where we may be held liable if they take actions in violation of these laws, even if we do not explicitly authorize them. although our policies and procedures require compliance with these laws and are designed to facilitate compliance with these laws, we do business in many countries
23
all over the world and cannot assure that our employees, contractors or agents somewhere in the world will not take actions in violation of applicable laws or our policies, for which we may be ultimately held responsible.
in the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees, contractors or agents have or may have violated such laws, we may be required to investigate or to have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances. detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations can be extensive and require a significant diversion of time, resources and attention from senior management. further, we cannot assure that any such investigation will successfully uncover all relevant facts and circumstances. any violation of the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act or other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, and criminal or civil sanctions, penalties and fines, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we have businesses in emerging markets that may experience significant economic volatility.
we have operations in emerging markets, primarily in brazil, india, southeast asia, the middle east and africa. these emerging market economies tend to be more volatile than the more established markets we serve in north america and europe, which could add volatility to our future revenue and earnings.
acts of war or terrorism, international conflicts, political instability, natural disasters, or widespread outbreak of an illness could negatively affect various aspects of our business, including our workforce and our business partners, make it more difficult and expensive to meet our obligations to our customers, and result in reduced revenue from our customers.
our global operations are susceptible to global events, including acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, political instability and natural disasters. we are also susceptible to a widespread outbreak of an illness or other health issue, such as the recent covid-19 coronavirus outbreak first reported in wuhan, hubei province, china in december 2019, resulting to date in tens of thousands of confirmed cases in china and many additional cases identified in other countries in which we conduct business. although we have limited operations in china, we are nevertheless exposed to business risk as a result of covid-19 or other epidemics. these events can spread to different locations across the globe and can have an adverse effect on the global economy, reducing consumer and corporate spending upon which our revenue depends. individual employees can become ill, quarantined, or otherwise unable to work and/or travel due to health reasons or governmental restrictions. some of our operations are in countries where the effects of a widespread illness could be magnified due to health care systems that are less well-developed than in the u.s. the occurrence of any of these events, including the potential future effects of the covid-19 outbreak, could have an adverse effect on our business results and financial condition.
failure to attract and retain skilled technical employees or senior management personnel could harm our ability to grow.
our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly-skilled technical personnel. because the development of our solutions and services requires knowledge of computer hardware, operating system software, system management software and application software, our technical personnel must be proficient in a number of disciplines. competition for such technical personnel is intense, and our failure to hire and retain talented personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
our future growth will also require sales and marketing, financial and administrative personnel to develop and support new solutions and services, to enhance and support current solutions and services and to expand operational and financial systems. there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain the necessary personnel to accomplish our growth strategies, and we may experience constraints that could adversely affect our ability to satisfy client demand in a timely fashion.
our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and to manage and monitor the risks facing our business relies upon the ability to maintain skilled compliance, security, risk and audit professionals. competition for such skillsets is intense, and our failure to hire and retain talented personnel could have an adverse effect on our internal control environment and impact our operating results.
our senior management team has significant experience in the financial services industry and the loss of this leadership could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. further, the loss of this leadership may have an adverse impact on senior management's ability to provide effective oversight and strategic direction for all key functions within the company, which could impact our future business, operating results and financial condition.
24
we are the subject of various legal proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability.
we are involved in various litigation matters, including in some instances class-action cases and patent infringement litigation. if we are unsuccessful in our defense of litigation matters, we may be forced to pay damages and/or change our business practices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or unfavorable future tax law changes could adversely affect our tax expense.
our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. an unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense and could negatively impact our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the current and/or future periods. unfavorable future tax law changes could result in negative impacts. in addition, tax-law amendments in the united states and other jurisdictions could significantly impact how u.s. multinational corporations are taxed. although we cannot predict whether or in what form such legislation will pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
a material weakness in our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on us.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to adequately mitigate risk of fraud. if we cannot provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and adequately mitigate risk of fraud, our reputation and operating results could be harmed. internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. in addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information. if we are unable to report financial information timely and accurately or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, we could adversely affect our business prospects.
fis expects that the worldpay acquisition may necessitate significant modifications to its internal control systems, processes and information systems, both on a transition basis and over the longer term as fis fully integrates the combined company. due to the complexity of the merger, fis cannot be certain that changes to internal control over financial reporting will be effective for any period, or on an ongoing basis. if fis is unable to accurately report financial results in a timely manner, or is unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, our business, financial condition and results of operations and the market perception thereof may be materially adversely affected.
risks related to business combinations and ventures strategic transactions, including acquisitions and divestitures, involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
strategic acquisitions and divestitures we have made in the past, and may make in the future, present significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  these risks include the following:
•   difficulty in evaluating potential acquisitions, including the risk that our due diligence does not identify or fully assess valuation issues, potential liabilities or other acquisition risks;
•   difficulty and expense in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations, including combining product and service offerings, and in entering into new markets in which we are not experienced, in an efficient and cost-effective manner while maintaining adequate standards, controls and procedures, and the risk that we encounter significant unanticipated costs or other problems associated with integration;
•   difficulty and expense in consolidating and rationalizing it infrastructure and integrating acquired software;
•   challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits expected from acquisitions;
25
•   risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the strategic acquisitions and divestitures do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets;
•   risk that acquired systems expose us to cybersecurity and other data security risks;
•   costs to reach appropriate standards to protect against cybersecurity and other data security risks or timeline to achieve such standards may exceed those estimated in diligence;
•   risk that acquired companies are subject to new regulatory regimes or oversight where we have limited experience that may result in additional compliance costs and potential regulatory penalties;
•   risk that we assume or retain, or that companies we have acquired have assumed or retained or otherwise become subject to, significant liabilities that exceed the limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any indemnifying parties;
•   risk that indemnification related to businesses divested or spun-off that we may be required to provide or otherwise bear may be significant and could negatively impact our business;
•   risk of exposure to potential liabilities arising out of applicable state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal distribution requirements from spin-offs in which we or companies we have acquired were involved;
•   risk that we may be responsible for u.s. federal income tax liabilities related to acquisitions or divestitures;
•   risk that we are not able to complete strategic divestitures on satisfactory terms and conditions, including non-competition arrangements applicable to certain of our business lines, or within expected time frames;
•   potential loss of key employees or customers of the businesses acquired or to be divested; and
•   risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our existing operations.
we have substantial goodwill and other intangible assets recorded as a result of acquisitions, and a severe or extended economic downturn could cause these assets to become impaired, requiring write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
as of december 31, 2019, goodwill aggregated to $52.2 billion, or 62% of total assets. current accounting rules require goodwill to be assessed for impairment at least annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment. factors that may be considered a change in circumstance include significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, a significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization, and negative industry or economic trends. the results of our 2019 annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill did not indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair values of the company's reporting units were less than the carrying values of those reporting units, and thus no goodwill impairment existed as of december 31, 2019. however, if worldwide or u.s. economic conditions decline significantly with negative impacts to bank spending and consumer behavior, or if other business or market changes impact our outlook, then the carrying amount of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets may no longer be recoverable, and we may be required to record an impairment charge, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2019, intangible assets with finite useful lives aggregated to $15.8 billion, or 19% of total assets. current accounting rules require intangible assets with finite useful lives to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstance include significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, a significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization, and negative industry or economic trends.
we will continue to monitor the fair value of our intangible assets as well as our market capitalization and the impact of any economic downturn on our business to determine if there is an impairment in future periods.
uncertainties associated with the worldpay acquisition may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees, which could adversely affect our future business and operations.
prior to the acquisition, each of fis and worldpay were dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of their officers and other key employees to execute their business plans. fis' success after the acquisition will depend in part upon its ability to retain key management personnel and other key employees. current and prospective employees of fis may experience uncertainty about their roles within fis following the acquisition or other concerns regarding the operations of fis following the acquisition, any of which may have an adverse effect on the ability of fis to retain or attract key management and other key personnel. if fis is unable to retain personnel after the acquisition, including fis' key management, who are critical to the future operations of the company, fis could face disruptions in its operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs. in addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. no assurance can be given that fis will be able to retain or attract key management personnel and other key employees to the same extent that fis and worldpay were previously able to retain or attract their own employees.
26
fis may be unable to integrate the business of worldpay successfully or realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
the acquisition involved the combination of two companies that formerly operated as two independent public companies. the combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time consuming, and fis will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of worldpay into fis. potential difficulties that fis may encounter as part of the integration process include the following:
•   the inability to successfully combine the business of worldpay in a manner that permits fis to achieve, on a timely basis, or at all, the enhanced revenue opportunities and cost savings and other benefits anticipated to result from the acquisition;
•   complexities associated with managing the combined businesses, including difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies and the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies; and
•   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the acquisition.
in addition, it is possible that the integration process could result in the following:
•   diversion of the attention of fis' management; and
•   the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, fis' ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies.
any of these issues could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, or could reduce our earnings or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results.
the synergies attributable to the worldpay acquisition may vary from expectations.
fis may fail to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies expected from the acquisition, which could adversely affect fis' business, financial condition and operating results. the success of the acquisition will depend, in significant part, on fis' ability to successfully integrate the acquired business, grow the revenue of the combined company and realize the anticipated strategic benefits and synergies from the combination. fis believes that the addition of worldpay will complement fis' strategy by providing scale and revenue diversity, accelerating fis' growth strategy, enabling fis to have a strong global footprint and to cross-sell across each others' client bases. however, achieving these goals requires growth of the revenue of the combined company and realization of the targeted cost synergies expected from the acquisition. this growth and the anticipated benefits of the transaction may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. actual operating, technological, strategic and revenue opportunities, if achieved at all, may be less significant than expected or may take longer to achieve than anticipated. if we are not able to achieve these objectives and realize the anticipated benefits and synergies expected from the acquisition within the anticipated timing or at all, then our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
the future results of fis following the worldpay acquisition will suffer if fis does not effectively manage its expanded operations.
following the acquisition, the size of the business of fis increased significantly beyond the prior size of either fis' or worldpay's business. fis' future success will depend, in part, upon its ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. fis may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the significant increase in the size of its business. there can be no assurances that fis will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits currently anticipated from the acquisition.
fis is expected to incur substantial costs related to the worldpay acquisition and integration.
fis is expected to incur substantial costs in connection with the worldpay acquisition and the related integration. there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that are in the process of being integrated, including purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, payroll, pricing and benefits. while fis has assumed that a
27
certain level of costs will be incurred, there are many factors beyond its control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration costs. moreover, many of the costs that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. these costs could, particularly in the near term, exceed the savings that fis expects to achieve from the elimination of duplicative costs and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings. these integration costs may result in fis taking significant charges against earnings, and the amount and timing of such charges are uncertain. any material delays, difficulties or unanticipated additional costs associated with integration activities may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the worldpay acquisition may result in a loss of customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners and other business partners and may result in the termination of existing contracts.
following the acquisition, some of the customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners and other business partners of fis or worldpay may terminate or scale back their current or prospective business relationships with fis. some customers may not wish to source a larger percentage of their needs from a single company or may feel that fis is too closely allied with one of their competitors. if relationships with customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners and other business partners are adversely affected by the acquisition, or if fis, following the acquisition, loses the benefits of the contracts of fis or worldpay, our business and financial performance could suffer.
following the worldpay acquisition, fis is subject to certain risks associated with the implementation of our merchant business' new proprietary global acquiring platform.
our merchant business has made progress toward implementation of a new proprietary global acquiring platform project. as we continue to implement this project, through the migration of existing merchant customers and onboarding of new merchant customers to the platform, the scale and complexity associated with this project presents the increased potential for service level delays or disruptions in the processing of transactions, telecommunications failures or other difficulties. such delays or disruptions could result in reputational harm, loss of business and increased operational or technological costs.
following the worldpay acquisition, fis may not be able to continue to expand its share of the existing payment processing markets or expand into new markets, which would inhibit fis' ability to grow and increase its profitability.
following the acquisition, fis' future growth and profitability will depend in part upon the growth of the payment processing markets in which fis currently operates and its ability to increase its penetration and service offerings within these markets, as well as the emergence of new markets for merchant services and its ability to penetrate these new markets. attracting new clients is difficult because of potential disadvantages associated with switching payment processing vendors, such as transition costs, business disruption and loss of accustomed functionality. fis will seek to overcome these factors by making investments to enhance the functionality of the company's platforms and differentiate its services. however, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful, and this resistance may adversely affect its growth.
fis' expansion into new markets will also be dependent upon its ability to adapt existing merchant payment processing technology and offerings or to develop new or innovative applications to meet the particular service needs of each new market. in order to do so, fis will need to anticipate and react to market changes and devote appropriate financial and technical resources to its development efforts, and there can be no assurance that it will be successful in these efforts.
furthermore, in response to market developments, fis may continue to expand into new geographical markets and foreign countries in which it currently has no operating experience. however, there can be no assurance that fis will be able to successfully continue such expansion efforts due to this lack of experience and the multitude of risks associated with global operations or lack of appropriate regulatory approval.
following the worldpay acquisition, fraud by merchants or others could have a material adverse effect on fis' business, financial condition and results of operations.
in our merchant business, we face potential liability for fraudulent electronic payment transactions initiated by merchants, third parties or other associated participants. examples of merchant fraud include when a merchant or other party knowingly accepts payment by a stolen or counterfeit credit, debit or prepaid card, card number or other credentials; records a false sales transaction utilizing a stolen or counterfeit card or credentials; processes an invalid card; or intentionally fails to deliver the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise valid transaction. in the event a dispute between a cardholder and a merchant is not resolved in favor of the merchant, the transaction is normally charged back to the merchant, and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud would increase fis'
28
chargebacks or other liability. increases in chargebacks or other liability could have a material adverse effect on fis' business, financial condition and results of operations following the acquisition. this business is also subject to risk associated with the financial stability of its merchant clients.
following the worldpay acquisition, worldpay, as a subsidiary of fis, continues to be a party to a tax receivable agreement ("tra") and the amounts the company and its subsidiaries may be required to pay under the tra and certain related agreements are expected to be significant. in certain cases, payments under the tra may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits fis realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tra.
as result of the worldpay acquisition, fis assumed a contingent liability pursuant to an existing tra with fifth third bank. as of december 31, 2019, the company has a liability recorded of approximately $564 million associated with the tra. it is possible that future transactions or events, including changes in tax rates, could increase or decrease the actual tax benefits realized and the corresponding tra payments. in december 2019, the company entered into a tax receivable purchase addendum (the "amendment") that provides written call and put options (collectively "the options") to terminate certain future obligations under the tra for fixed cash payments.
with respect to obligations not subject to the amendment or for which the options are not exercised, the tra provides that, upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination or certain other changes of control, fis' obligations to make payments with respect to tax benefits would be based on certain assumptions, including that fis would have sufficient taxable income to fully use net operating losses ("nols") or deductions arising from increased tax basis of assets. as a result, fis could be required to make payments under the tra that are greater than 85% of actual tax savings.
if the irs challenges the tax basis increases or nols that give rise to payments under the tra and the tax basis increases or nols are subsequently disallowed, payments under the tra could exceed our actual tax savings, and the company may not be able to recoup previous payments under the tra or the amendment that were calculated on the assumption that the disallowed tax savings were available.
risks related to our indebtedness our existing debt levels and future levels under existing facilities and debt service requirements may adversely affect fis, including our financial condition or business flexibility and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2019, we had total debt of approximately $20.2 billion. this level of debt or any increase in our debt level could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and operational flexibility, including the following: (i) the debt level may cause us to have difficulty borrowing money in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes; (ii) our debt level may limit operational flexibility and our ability to pursue business opportunities and implement certain business strategies; (iii) some of our debt has a variable rate of interest, which exposes us to the risk of increased interest rates; (iv) we have a higher level of debt than some of our competitors or potential competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions, including increased competition and vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (v) there are significant maturities on our debt that we may not be able to repay at maturity or that may be refinanced at higher rates; and (vi) if we fail to satisfy our obligations under our outstanding debt or fail to comply with the financial or other restrictive covenants contained in the indenture governing our senior notes, or our credit facility, an event of default could result that could cause all of our debt to become due and payable.
we may be adversely affected by changes in libor reporting practices or the method in which libor is determined.
as of december 31, 2019, we had outstanding approximately $600 million of variable debt that was indexed to the london interbank offered rate ("libor").  on july 27, 2017, the fca announced its intention to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calibration of libor to the administrator of libor after 2021.  it is not possible to predict the further effect of the rules or policies of the fca, any changes in the methods by which libor is determined, or any other reforms to libor that may be enacted in the u.k., the e.u. or elsewhere.  any such developments may cause libor to perform differently than in the past, or cease to exist.  in addition, any other legal or regulatory changes made by the fca, ice benchmark administration limited, the european money markets institute (formerly euribor-ebf), the european commission or any other successor governance or oversight body, or future changes adopted by such body, in the method by which libor is determined or the transition from libor to a successor benchmark rate may result in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in libor, a delay in the publication of libor, and changes in the rules or methodologies in libor, which may discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to participate in libor's determination,
29
and, in certain situations, could result in libor no longer being determined and published.  if a published u.s. dollar libor rate is unavailable after 2021, the interest rates on our debt which is indexed to libor will be determined using various alternative methods, any of which may result in interest obligations which are more than or do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on such debt if u.s. dollar libor was available in its current form.  further, the same costs and risks that may lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of u.s. dollar libor may make one or more of the alternative methods impossible or impracticable to determine.  any of these proposals or consequences could have a material adverse effect on our financing costs.
our euro- and gbp-denominated indebtedness has increased in recent years; accordingly, we have increased exposure to fluctuations in the euro-usd and gbp-usd exchange rates, which could negatively affect our cost to service or refinance our euro- and gbp-denominated debt securities.
in recent years, our indebtedness denominated in euro or gbp has significantly increased as a result of our issuance of senior notes of varying maturities and our issuance of euro-denominated commercial paper. at december 31, 2019, the company had outstanding approximately €8.3 billion aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated senior notes, approximately €2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated commercial paper and approximately £1.9 billion aggregate principal amount of gbp-denominated senior notes, or the combined equivalent of approximately $14.2 billion aggregate principal amount.
following the acquisition of worldpay, we have increased our revenue and cash flows denominated in euro and gbp. although we currently have substantial available cash flows in excess of the projected debt service requirements on our existing euro and gbp-denominated debt, we cannot assure that we will be always be able to continue generating earnings in euros and gbp in amounts sufficient, taking into account the funding requirements and other needs of our business, to make payments of interest and/or repayment of principal on our euro and gbp senior debt, or to permit us to economically borrow in those currencies if needed to refinance our existing euro and gbp debt. if our cash flows in euros or gbp are insufficient for such purposes, we may need to exchange u.s. dollars or funds in other currencies to make such payments, which could result in increased costs to us in the event of adverse changes in currency exchange rates. we have utilized and expect to continue to utilize foreign currency forward contracts and other hedges on a limited basis in an effort to mitigate currency risk, but we cannot assure that such hedging arrangements will be effective or will remain available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. in addition, we cannot predict economic and market conditions (including prevailing interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates) at the applicable times when our various series of euro and gbp senior debt are scheduled to mature, nor can there be any assurance that we would be able to refinance any series of our euro and gbp senior debt in those currencies on acceptable terms at any such time, all of which could have an adverse financial impact on us.
rising interest rates could increase our borrowing costs.
our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our short-term commercial paper borrowings, revolving credit facility and interest rate derivatives. in the future we may have additional borrowings under existing or new variable-rate debt.  increases in interest rates on variable-rate debt would increase our interest expense. a rising interest rate environment could increase the cost of refinancing existing debt and incurring new debt, which could have an adverse effect on our financing costs.
credit ratings, if lowered below investment grade, would adversely affect our cost of funds and liquidity.
the company maintains investment grade credit ratings from the major u.s. rating agencies on its senior unsecured debt (s&p bbb, moody's baa2, fitch bbb), as well as its commercial paper program (s&p a-2, moody's p-2, fitch f2). failure to maintain investment grade rating levels could adversely affect the company's cost of funds and liquidity and access to certain capital markets, but would not have an adverse effect on the company's ability to access its existing revolving credit facility.
please note that a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, that it may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
statement regarding forward-looking information the statements contained in this form 10-k or in our other documents or in oral presentations or other statements made by our management that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the u.s. federal securities laws. statements that are not historical facts, including statements about anticipated financial outcomes, including any earnings guidance of the company, business and market conditions, outlook, foreign currency exchange rates, expected dividends and
30
share repurchases, the company's sales pipeline and anticipated profitability and growth, as well as other statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future are forward-looking statements. these statements relate to future events and our future results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. any statements that refer to beliefs, expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances and other statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. in many cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," or "continue," or the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. actual results, performance or achievement could differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements. the risks and uncertainties that forward-looking statements are subject to include the following, without limitation:
•   the risk that the worldpay transaction will not provide the expected benefits or that we will not be able to achieve the cost or revenue synergies anticipated;
•   the risk that the integration of fis and worldpay will be more difficult, time-consuming or expensive than anticipated;
•   the risk of customer loss or other business disruption in connection with the worldpay transaction, or of the loss of key employees;
•   the fact that unforeseen liabilities of fis or worldpay may exist;
•   the risk that other acquired businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the integration will be more costly or more time-consuming and complex than anticipated;
•   the risk that cost savings and other synergies anticipated to be realized from other acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected;
•   the risks of doing business internationally;
•   changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including the possibility of intensified international hostilities, acts of terrorism, pandemics, changes in either or both the united states and international lending, capital and financial markets and currency fluctuations;
•   the effect of legislative initiatives or proposals, statutory changes, governmental or other applicable regulations and/or changes in industry requirements, including privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations;
•   the risks of reduction in revenue from the elimination of existing and potential customers due to consolidation in, or new laws or regulations affecting, the banking, retail and financial services industries or due to financial failures or other setbacks suffered by firms in those industries;
•   changes in the growth rates of the markets for our solutions;
•   failures to adapt our solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace;
•   internal or external security breaches of our systems, including those relating to unauthorized access, theft, corruption or loss of personal information and computer viruses and other malware affecting our software or platforms, and the reactions of customers, card associations, government regulators and others to any such events;
•   the risk that implementation of software (including software updates) for customers or at customer locations or employee error in monitoring our software and platforms may result in the corruption or loss of data or customer information, interruption of business operations, outages, exposure to liability claims or loss of customers;
•   the reaction of current and potential customers to communications from us or regulators regarding information security, risk management, internal audit or other matters;
•   competitive pressures on pricing related to the decreasing number of community banks in the u.s., the development of new disruptive technologies competing with one or more of our solutions, increasing presence of international competitors in the u.s. market and the entry into the market by global banks and global companies with respect to certain competitive solutions, each of which may have the impact of unbundling individual solutions from a comprehensive suite of solutions we provide to many of our customers;
•   the failure to innovate in order to keep up with new emerging technologies, which could impact our solutions and our ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers;
•   an operational or natural disaster at one of our major operations centers;
•   failure to comply with applicable requirements of payment networks or changes in those requirements;
•   fraud by merchants or bad actors; and
•   other risks detailed elsewhere in this risk factors section and in our other filings with the sec.
other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake (and expressly disclaim) any obligation and do not intend to publicly update or review any of our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. you should carefully consider the possibility that actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements.
31
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following section discusses management's view of the financial condition and results of operations of fis and its consolidated subsidiaries as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 and for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
this section should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes of fis included elsewhere in this annual report. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements that could cause future results to differ materially from those reflected in this section.
business trends and conditions our revenue is primarily derived from a combination of technology and processing services, payment transaction fees, professional services and software license fees. the majority of our revenue has historically been recurring, and has been provided under multi-year contracts in banking and capital markets that contribute relative stability to our revenue stream. these services, in general, are considered critical to our clients' operations. although merchant has a lesser percentage of multi-year contracts, a substantial part of its revenue is recurring. a considerable portion of our recurring revenue is derived from transaction processing fees that fluctuate with the level of accounts and card transactions, among other variable measures, associated with consumer, commercial and capital markets activity. professional services revenue is typically non-recurring, though recognition often occurs over time rather than at a point in time. sales of software licenses are typically non-recurring with recognition at a point in time and are less predictable.
we continue to assist financial institutions in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. as a provider of outsourcing solutions, we benefit from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes that otherwise might have a larger impact on our results of operations. we believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve.
over the last four years, we have moved approximately 60% of our server compute to our fis cloud located in our strategic data centers and our goal is to increase that percentage to 73% by the end of 2020 and approximately 80% by the end of 2021. this allows us to further enhance security for our clients' data and increases the flexibility and speed with which we can provide services and solutions to our clients, eventually at lesser cost. concurrently, we have continued to consolidate our data centers, closing seven additional data centers in 2019. our consolidation has generated a savings for the company as of year-end 2019 exceeding $170 million in run rate annual expense reduction since the program's inception in mid-2016. we plan to close and consolidate approximately 13 more data centers by the end of 2021, which should result in additional run rate annual expense reduction of approximately $80 million.
we continue to invest in modernization, innovation and integrated solutions and services in order to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. we invest both organically and through investment opportunities in companies building complementary technologies in the financial services space. our internal efforts in research and development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems in each of our segments, design and development of next generation digital and innovative solutions and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. we have increased our investments in these areas in each of the last three years. our innovation efforts have recently resulted in bringing to market our modern banking platform that is among the first cloud-native core banking solutions. we expect to continue our practice of investing an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance and extend the functionality of our proprietary systems and existing software applications, to develop new and innovative software applications and systems to address emerging technology trends in response to the needs of our clients and to enhance the capabilities of our outsourcing infrastructure.
consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet and voice banking channels. we have been providing our large regional banking customers in the u.s. with digital one, an integrated digital banking platform, and are now adding functionality and offering digital one to our community bank clients to provide a consistent, omnichannel experience for consumers of banking services across self-service channels like mobile banking and online banking, as well as supporting channels for bank staff operating in bank branches and contact centers. the uniform customer experience extends to support a broad range of financial services including opening new accounts, servicing of existing accounts, providing money movement services, and personal financial management, as well as other consumer, small
37
business and commercial banking capabilities. digital one is integrated into several of the core banking platforms offered by fis and is also offered to customers of non-fis core banking systems.
we anticipate consolidation within the banking industry will continue, primarily in the form of merger and acquisition activity among financial institutions, which we believe as a whole is detrimental to the profitability of the financial technology industry. however, consolidation resulting from specific merger and acquisition transactions may be beneficial to our business. when consolidations of financial institutions occur, merger partners often operate systems obtained from competing service providers. the newly formed entity generally makes a determination to migrate its core and payments systems to a single platform. when a financial institution processing client is involved in a consolidation, we may benefit by their expanding the use of our services if such services are chosen to survive the consolidation and support the newly combined entity. conversely, we may lose revenue if we are providing services to both entities, or if a client of ours is involved in a consolidation and our services are not chosen to survive the consolidation and support the newly combined entity. it is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting from consolidation may have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform inhouse some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. we seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive services to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company.
in certain of the international markets in which we do business, we continue to experience growth on a constant currency basis. demand for our solutions may also continue to be driven in developing countries by government-led financial inclusion policies aiming to reduce the unbanked population and by growth in the middle classes in these markets driving the need for more sophisticated banking solutions. the majority of our international revenue is generated by clients in the u.k., germany, brazil, india, canada and australia. for the full year of 2020, we do not expect a material impact to revenue due to foreign currency translation, although the actual amount of impact is uncertain due to the many factors that affect exchange rates.
as a result of the worldpay acquisition, fis is now a global leader in the merchant solutions industry, with differentiated solutions throughout the payments market, including capabilities in global ecommerce, u.s. integrated payments, and enterprise payments and data security solutions in business-to-business ("b2b") payments. these solutions bring together advanced payments technologies at each stage of the transaction life cycle. the worldpay acquisition, which was completed on july 31, 2019, broadens our solution portfolio, enabling us to significantly expand our merchant acquiring solutions, including our capabilities in the growing ecommerce and integrated payments segments of the market, which are in demand among our merchant clients as they look for ways to integrate technology into their business models. the combination also favorably impacts our business mix with a greater concentration in higher growth and higher margin services. as we integrate worldpay into our existing operations, we anticipate the potential to achieve incremental revenue opportunities and annual synergy run-rate savings.
following the worldpay acquisition, we are focused on completing post-merger integration to achieve potential incremental revenue opportunities and expense efficiencies created by the combination of the two companies. we have a history of successfully integrating the operations and technology platforms of acquired companies, including winding down legacy environments and consolidating platforms from other acquisitions into our environment. based on prior integration experience, we developed integration plans to achieve the potential benefits created by the worldpay acquisition. as of the end of 2019, our achievement of expense and revenue synergies is ahead of schedule.
we continue to see demand for innovative solutions in the payments market that will deliver faster, more convenient payment solutions in mobile channels, internet applications and cards. our acquisition of worldpay will help position us to capitalize on this demand. the payment processing industry is adopting new technologies, developing new products and services, evolving new business models and being affected by new market entrants and an evolving regulatory environment. as merchants and financial institutions respond to these changes by seeking services to help them enhance their own offerings to consumers, including the ability to accept card-not-present ("cnp") payments in ecommerce and mobile environments as well as contactless cards and mobile wallets at the point-of-sale, fis believes that payment processors will seek to develop additional capabilities in order to serve clients' evolving needs. in order to facilitate this expansion, we believe that payment processors will need to enhance their technology platforms so they can deliver these capabilities and differentiate their offerings from other providers.
we believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us, and we cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. however, fis believes that payment processors, like fis, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies. further, fis believes that its depth of capabilities and breadth of distribution will enhance its position as emerging payment technologies are adopted by merchants and other businesses. fis' ability to partner with non-financial institution enterprises, such as mobile payment providers, internet, retail and social media companies, could create attractive growth opportunities as these new entrants seek to
38
become more active participants in the development of alternative electronic payment technologies and to facilitate the convergence of retail, online, mobile and social commerce applications.
globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication. this is a trend we expect to continue. such attacks have become a point of focus for individuals, businesses and governmental entities. the objectives of these attacks include, among other things, gaining unauthorized access to systems to facilitate financial fraud, disrupt operations, cause denial of service events, corrupt data, and steal non-public information. these circumstances present both a threat and an opportunity for fis. as part of our business, we electronically receive, process, store and transmit a wide range of confidential information, including sensitive customer information and personal consumer data. we also operate payment, cash access and prepaid card systems.
fis remains focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems. this includes both capital expenditures and operating expense on hardware, software, personnel and consulting services. we also participate in industry and governmental initiatives to improve information security for our clients. through the expertise we have gained with this ongoing focus and involvement, we have developed fraud, security, risk management and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry.
for 2019, the worldpay acquisition significantly increased our revenue as well as our amortization expense for acquired intangibles and our acquisition, integration and other costs. also, as described in note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, on december 31, 2018, fis closed the transaction to unwind the brazilian venture with banco bradesco. the results of the brazilian venture that were spun-off in the transaction were included within the banking segment. on july 31, 2017, we sold a majority interest in certain of our consulting businesses to affiliates of cd&r. these businesses had lower margins than many of our other businesses. the consulting businesses sold were included within the capital markets segment. also, on february 1, 2017, we sold our ps&e business, which had been included in our corporate and other segment. the worldpay acquisition and these divestitures affect the comparability of our results of operations for the 2019, 2018 and 2017 periods presented.
critical accounting policies the accounting policies described below are those we consider critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. these policies require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures with respect to contingent liabilities and assets at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. actual amounts could differ from those estimates. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the significant accounting policies that have been followed in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition the company generates revenue in a number of ways, including from the delivery of account- or transaction-based processing, saas, bpaas, cloud offerings, software licensing, software-related services and professional services. our contracts frequently contain non-standard terms that require judgment to determine the appropriate impact on revenue recognition. we are frequently a party to multiple concurrent contracts with the same client. these situations require judgment to determine whether the individual contracts should be combined or evaluated separately for purposes of revenue recognition. in making this determination, we consider the timing of negotiating and executing the contracts, whether the different elements of the contracts are negotiated as a package with a single commercial objective, whether the solutions or services promised in the contracts are a single performance obligation, and whether any of the payment terms of the contracts are interrelated. our individual contracts also frequently include multiple promised solutions or services. at contract inception, we assess the solutions and services promised in our contracts with customers and identify a performance obligation for each promise to transfer to the customer a solution or service (or bundle of solutions or services) that is distinct - i.e., if a solution or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. we must apply judgment in these circumstances in determining whether individual promised solutions or services can be considered distinct or should instead be combined with other promised solutions or services in the contract. we recognize revenue when or as we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control of a solution or service to a customer. we must use judgment to determine the appropriate measure of progress for performance obligations satisfied over time and the timing of when the customer obtains control for performance obligations satisfied at a point in time. judgment is also required in estimating and allocating variable consideration to one or more, but not all, performance obligations in a contract, determining the standalone selling prices of each performance obligation, and allocating the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in a contract.
39
due to the large number, broad nature and average size of individual contracts we are party to, the impact of judgments and assumptions that we apply in recognizing revenue for any single contract is not likely to have a material effect on our consolidated operations or financial position. however, the broader accounting policy assumptions that we apply across similar contracts or classes of clients could significantly influence the timing and amount of revenue recognized in our historical and future results of operations or financial position. additional information about our revenue recognition policies is included in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
software software includes the fair value of software acquired in business combinations, purchased software and capitalized software development costs. purchased software is recorded at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, which is generally three to five years. software acquired in business combinations is recorded at its fair value and amortized using straight-line or accelerated methods over its estimated useful life, which is one to 10 years (see also the purchase accounting section below). as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, software, net, was $3.2 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, and amortization of software was $616 million, $468 million, and $436 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. balances related to acquired software represent a significant portion of these balances, particularly for the period after the acquisition of worldpay, which resulted in acquired software of $1.3 billion.
the capitalization of software development costs is governed by fasb asc subtopic 985-20 if the software is to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed, or by fasb asc subtopic 350-40 if the software is for internal use. after the technological feasibility of the software has been established (for software to be marketed), or at the beginning of application development (for internal-use software), software development costs, which include primarily salaries and related payroll costs and costs of independent contractors incurred during development, are capitalized. research and development costs incurred prior to the establishment of technological feasibility (for software to be marketed), or prior to application development (for internal-use software), are expensed as incurred. evaluating whether technological feasibility has been achieved requires the use of management judgment.
software development costs are amortized on a product-by-product basis commencing on the date of general release of the solutions (for software to be marketed) or the date placed in service (for internal-use software). software development costs for software to be marketed are amortized using the greater of (1) the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, which ranges from three to 10 years, or (2) the ratio of current revenue to total anticipated revenue over its useful life.
in determining useful lives, management considers historical results and technological trends that may influence the estimate. useful lives for all software range from one to 10 years.
we also assess the recorded value of software for impairment on a regular basis by comparing the carrying value to the estimated future cash flows to be generated by the underlying software asset (net realizable value analysis for software to be marketed). there are inherent uncertainties in determining the expected useful life or cash flows to be generated from software. for the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded $87 million in asset impairments, primarily related to certain software to be marketed. for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, we have not had more than minimal charges for impairments of software. while we have not historically experienced significant changes in these balances due to changes in estimates, our results of operations could be subject to such changes in the future.
purchase accounting we are required to allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets and software, are complex and require a significant amount of management judgment. we generally engage third-party valuation specialists to assist us in making fair value determinations. the third-party valuation specialists generally use discounted cash flow models, which require internally-developed assumptions, to determine the acquisition fair value of customer relationship intangible assets and developed technology software assets.  assumptions for customer relationship asset valuations generally include forecasted revenue attributable to existing customer contracts and relationships, estimated annual attrition, forecasted ebitda margin, and estimated weighted average cost of capital and discount rates.  assumptions for software asset valuations generally include forecasted revenue attributable to the software assets, obsolescence rates, estimated royalty rates and estimated weighted average cost of capital and discount rates.
if the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, we are required to record provisional amounts in the financial statements for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded that are identified during the measurement
40
period are recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. this includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation or amortization, or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. during the measurement period, we are also required to recognize additional assets or liabilities if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of those assets and liabilities as of that date. the measurement period ends the sooner of one year from the acquisition date or when we receive the information we were seeking about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date or learn that more information is not obtainable.
we are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the amount of acquisition-related intangible asset amortization expense to record in future periods. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our finite-lived intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate. additionally, we review our indefinite-lived intangible assets to determine if there is any change in circumstances that may indicate the asset's useful life is no longer indefinite.
see note 3 to the notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the worldpay acquisition in 2019. we had no significant business combinations during 2018.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives should not be amortized, but shall be tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. fasb asc subtopic 350-20 allows an entity first to assess qualitatively whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, referred to in the guidance as "step zero." if an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent), the "step one" quantitative assessment must be performed for that reporting unit. fasb asc subtopic 350-20 provides examples of events and circumstances that should be considered in performing the step zero qualitative assessment, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, events affecting a reporting unit or the entity as a whole and a sustained decrease in share price. performance of a qualitative impairment assessment requires judgment.
when applying the quantitative analysis, we determine the fair value of our reporting units based on a weighted average of multiple valuation techniques, principally a combination of an income approach and a market approach. the income approach calculates a value based upon the present value of estimated future cash flows, while the market approach uses earnings multiples of similarly situated guideline public companies. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets, goodwill is not impaired and further testing is not required.
we assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. for each of 2019, 2018, and 2017, we began our annual impairment test with the step zero qualitative assessment. in performing the step zero qualitative assessment for each year, examining those factors most likely to affect our valuations, we concluded that it remained more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units continued to exceed their carrying amounts. consequently, we did not perform a step one quantitative assessment for the purpose of our annual impairment test for these years.
similar to the fasb asc subtopic 350-20 guidance for goodwill, fasb asc subtopic 350-30 allows an organization to first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset has been impaired. we assess indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. for each of 2019, 2018 and 2017, we performed a qualitative assessment examining those factors most likely to affect our valuations and concluded that it is more likely than not that our indefinite-lived intangible assets were not impaired. consequently, we did not perform a quantitative impairment assessment for the purpose of our annual impairment test for these years.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit or acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding forecasted revenue growth rates, operating margins, capital expenditures, tax rates, and other factors used to calculate estimated future cash flows. in addition, risk-adjusted discount rates and future economic and market conditions and other assumptions are applied. goodwill was $52.2 billion and $13.5 billion as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and indefinite-lived intangible assets were $43 million as of each of december 31, 2019 and 2018. as a result, a meaningful change in one or more of the underlying forecasts, estimates, or assumptions used in testing these assets for impairment could result in a material impact on the
41
company's results of operations and financial position. however, based on the qualitative assessment performed and because there was a substantial excess of fair value over carrying value in our previous third-party valuations performed in 2015 for goodwill and 2016 for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we believe the likelihood of obtaining materially different results based on a change of assumptions is low.
related party transactions we are a party to certain historical related party agreements as discussed in note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
factors affecting comparability for information regarding factors affecting comparability, see "item 6. selected financial data." as a result of the transactions noted in item 6. selected financial data, our financial position, results of operations, earnings per share and cash flows in the periods covered by the consolidated financial statements may not be directly comparable.
consolidated results of operations
(in millions, except per share amounts)
2019                                                                                                     2018                2017
revenue                                                                       $10,333              $8,423              $8,668
cost of revenue                                                                 6,610               5,569               5,794
gross profit                                                                    3,723               2,854               2,874
selling, general and administrative expenses                                    2,667               1,301               1,442
asset impairments                                                                  87                  95                   -
operating income                                                                  969               1,458               1,432
other income (expense):
interest income                                                                    52                  17                  22
interest expense                                                                 (389   )            (314   )            (359   )
other income (expense), net                                                      (219   )             (57   )            (119   )
total other income (expense), net                                                (556   )            (354   )            (456   )
earnings before income taxes and equity method investment earnings (loss)         413               1,104                 976
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                              100                 208                (321   )
equity method investment earnings (loss)                                          (10   )             (15   )              (3   )
net earnings                                                                      303                 881               1,294
net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                        (5   )             (35   )             (33   )
net earnings attributable to fis common stockholders                             $298                $846              $1,261
net earnings per share-basic attributable to fis common stockholders            $0.67               $2.58               $3.82
weighted average shares outstanding-basic                                         445                 328                 330
net earnings per share-diluted attributable to fis common stockholders          $0.66               $2.55               $3.75
weighted average shares outstanding-diluted                                       451                 332                 336
revenue revenue for 2019 increased $1,910 million, or 22.7% from 2018 primarily due to incremental revenue from the worldpay acquisition and increased sales across our business lines as discussed in our segment results of operations below.
revenue for 2018 decreased $245 million, or 2.8% from 2017, due to (1) the reduction in revenue from the sale of the capco consulting business and the risk and compliance consulting business during the third quarter of 2017; (2) the reduction in revenue from the sale of the ps&e business during the first quarter of 2017; (3) the reduction in revenue from the sale of the certegy check services business unit in north america during the third quarter of 2018; and (4) lower volumes in the trading services and data business. these decreases were partially offset by (1) increased volumes in debit, loyalty and latin america payments; (2) growth in wealth outsourcing, core solutions and digital banking; (3) strong demand for private equity and
42
insurance offerings; and (4) growth in the biller solutions business. additionally, 2018 was impacted by a $40 million unfavorable foreign currency impact primarily resulting from a stronger u.s. dollar versus the brazilian real.
cost of revenue and gross profit cost of revenue totaled $6,610 million, $5,569 million and $5,794 million during 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, resulting in gross profit of $3,723 million, $2,854 million and $2,874 million, respectively. gross profit as a percentage of revenue ("gross margin") was 36.0%, 33.9% and 33.2% in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in gross profit for 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily resulted from the revenue variances noted above. the gross profit percentage for 2019 as compared to 2018 benefited from higher margin revenue from the worldpay acquisition, partially offset by higher acquired intangible asset amortization expense.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for 2019 increased $1,366 million, or 105.0% from 2018. the year-over-year increase was primarily driven by (1) incremental worldpay corporate and infrastructure expenses and (2) higher acquisition, integration and other costs of $704 million in 2019 as compared to $156 million in 2018. these increases were partially offset by (1) the sale of reliance trust company of delaware during the fourth quarter of 2018 and (2) the sale of the certegy check services business unit in north america during the third quarter of 2018.
selling, general and administrative expenses for 2018 decreased $141 million, or 9.8% from 2017. the year-over-year decrease is primarily driven by the sale of ps&e during the first quarter of 2017, the sale of the capco consulting business and risk and compliance consulting business during the third quarter of 2017, the sale of certegy check services business unit in north america during the third quarter of 2018 and cost management initiatives.
asset impairments during 2019, the company recorded pre-tax asset impairments totaling $87 million, primarily related to certain software resulting from the company's net realizable value analysis.
during 2018, as a result of entering into an agreement to unwind the brazilian venture that the company operated with banco bradesco, the company recorded pre-tax asset impairments totaling $95 million, including $42 million for the brazilian venture contract intangible asset, $25 million for goodwill, and $28 million for the assets being held for sale that were transferred to banco bradesco upon closing of the agreement (see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
operating income operating income totaled $969 million, $1,458 million and $1,432 million for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. operating income as a percentage of revenue ("operating margin") was 9.4%, 17.3% and 16.5% for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the annual changes in operating income resulted from the revenue and cost variances addressed above. the change in operating margin during 2019 was negatively impacted by higher acquired intangible asset amortization expense, higher acquisition, integration and other costs and asset impairments of $87 million related to certain software. the change in operating margin during 2018 was negatively impacted by asset impairments of $95 million related to the unwinding of the brazilian venture. notwithstanding the asset impairments, however, operating margins improved primarily from cost management initiatives and the capco consulting business divestiture during 2017.
total other income (expense), net interest expense is typically the primary component of total other income (expense), net.
the increase of $75 million in interest expense in 2019 as compared to 2018 is primarily due to higher outstanding debt, partially offset by a lower weighted average interest rate on the outstanding debt and an increase in interest income on the proceeds from the worldpay acquisition-related debt issuances prior to closing.
the decrease of $45 million in interest expense in 2018 as compared to 2017 is primarily due to a lower weighted average interest rate on the outstanding debt and benefits realized from interest rate swaps executed in the fourth quarter of 2018, which are discussed in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
43
other income (expense), net for 2019 includes a pre-tax charge of approximately $217 million in tender premiums and fees and the write-off of previously capitalized debt issuance costs on the early redemption of approximately $3.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of our senior notes as well as approximately $33 million of acquisition financing costs related to the acquisition of worldpay. these items were partially offset by the non-cash foreign currency gain on non-hedged euro- and pound sterling-denominated notes issued to finance the worldpay acquisition, during the period from the date of issue of the notes to the date of the acquisition.
other income (expense), net for 2018 includes a pre-tax loss of $54 million on the sale of the certegy check services business unit in north america and $12 million to unwind the brazilian venture, partially offset by a pre-tax gain of $19 million on the sale of reliance trust company of delaware.
other income (expense), net for 2017 includes (1) a pre-tax charge of $171 million in tender premiums and the write-off of previously capitalized debt issuance costs on the repurchase of approximately $2.0 billion in aggregate principal of our senior notes; (2) a net pre-tax loss of $29 million on the sale of the capco consulting and risk and compliance business and other divestitures; (3) a pre-tax charge of approximately $25 million due to the redemption of our senior notes and the pay down of term loans, consisting of the call premium on the senior notes and the write-off of previously capitalized debt issuance costs; partially offset by (4) a pre-tax gain of $85 million on the sale of the ps&e business, an $8 million pre-tax gain on an investment sale and a $12 million foreign currency gain.
provision (benefit) for income taxes provision (benefit) for income taxes from continuing operations totaled $100 million, $208 million and $(321) million for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. this resulted in an effective tax rate on continuing operations of 24.2%, 18.8% and (32.9)% for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the effective tax rate for the 2019 period included a detriment of $44 million due to non-deductible executive stock compensation primarily driven by acceleration of converted heritage worldpay stock compensation awards and the accrual of additional stock compensation due to reaching certain worldpay synergy targets and a detriment of $21 million due to the post-acquisition combined state income tax rates. the effective tax rate for the 2018 period included the impact of the reduction in the u.s. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% due to tax reform enacted december 22, 2017, and a net detriment of $33 million due to the book basis in excess of the tax basis of certain businesses sold during the year. the effective tax rate for the 2017 period included a net benefit of $761 million related to tax reform items including $48 million of tax credits due to tax planning strategies implemented in the fourth quarter and a net detriment of $180 million due to the book basis in excess of the tax basis of certain businesses sold during the year.
equity method investment earnings (loss)
fis holds a 38% equity interest in cardinal as further described in note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. as a result, we recorded equity method investment losses of $10 million, $15 million and $3 million during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest for 2018 and 2017 predominantly relates to the joint venture in brazil (see notes 18 and 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and totaled $(5) million, $(35) million and $(33) million for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
net earnings attributable to fis common stockholders net earnings attributable to fis common stockholders totaled $298 million, $846 million and $1,261 million for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, or $0.66, $2.55 and $3.75 per diluted share, respectively, due to the factors described above coupled with the impact of our share repurchase initiatives.
segment results of operations as a result of the company's acquisition of worldpay, the company reorganized its reportable segments and recast all prior-period segment information presented to align with the new reportable segments. the new segments are merchant solutions ("merchant"), banking solutions ("banking"), and capital market solutions ("capital markets"), which are organized based on the markets and clients served aligned with the solutions they provide, as well as the corporate and other segment. a description of these segments is included in note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
44
adjusted ebitda is defined as ebitda (defined as net earnings (loss) before net interest expense, income tax provision (benefit) and depreciation and amortization) plus certain non-operating items. this measure is reported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance. for this reason, adjusted ebitda, as it relates to our segments, is presented in conformity with fasb asc topic 280, segment reporting. the non-operating items affecting the segment profit measure generally include acquisition accounting adjustments; acquisition, integration and certain other costs; and asset impairments. these costs and adjustments are recorded in the corporate and other segment for the periods discussed below. adjusted ebitda for the respective segments excludes the foregoing costs and adjustments. financial information, including details of our adjustments to ebitda, for each of our segments is set forth in note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
merchant solutions
2019                              2018              2017
(in millions)
revenue              $2,013              $276              $261
adjusted ebitda        $994               $59               $68
year ended december 31, 2019:
revenue increased $1,737 million due to incremental revenue from the worldpay acquisition totaling $1,722 million and heritage fis merchant solutions growth of $27 million.
adjusted ebitda increased $935 million and adjusted ebitda margin increased to 49.4% resulting from higher margin incremental revenue from the worldpay acquisition.
year ended december 31, 2018:
revenue increased $15 million, or 5.7%, driven by growth in the biller solutions business.
adjusted ebitda decreased $9 million, or 13.2%, and adjusted ebitda margin decreased 470 basis points to 21.4% primarily resulting from an increase in lower margin revenue due to biller solutions growth, along with an increase in cost of goods sold.
banking solutions
2019                              2018                2017
(in millions)
revenue              $5,873              $5,712              $5,552
adjusted ebitda      $2,454              $2,256              $2,101
year ended december 31, 2019:
revenue increased $161 million, or 2.8%, due to (1) incremental revenue from the worldpay acquisition contributing 3.1%; (2) increased termination fees contributing 0.8%; and (3) other items contributing an aggregate of 3.2% due in part to license and professional services growth in the wealth and retirement business, strong network and back-office volumes, and growth in the card production business. these items were partially offset by (1) the unwinding of the brazilian venture offset in part by the new commercial agreement with banco bradesco and growth in latin america payments contributing (3.0%) and (2) the reduction in revenue from the sale of reliance trust company of delaware business contributing (0.6%). banking solutions had an unfavorable foreign currency impact contributing (0.7%), or approximately $37 million, driven primarily by a stronger u.s. dollar versus the brazilian real and euro.
adjusted ebitda increased $198 million, or 8.8%, primarily resulting from the revenue variances noted above. adjusted ebitda margin increased 230 basis points to 41.8% primarily resulting from positive revenue mix, the addition of higher margin worldpay revenue, and the unwinding of lower margin brazilian venture revenue.
45
year ended december 31, 2018:
revenue increased $160 million, or 2.9%, with processing and other recurring revenue contributing 3.8% due in part to growth in wealth outsourcing, core solutions and digital banking, along with increased volumes in debit, loyalty, and latin america payments. non-recurring revenue contributed 0.4% to growth. these items were partially offset by the sale of the risk and compliance consulting business contributing (0.4%) and an unfavorable foreign currency impact contributing (0.9%), or approximately $49 million, driven primarily by a stronger u.s. dollar versus the brazilian real.
adjusted ebitda increased $155 million, or 7.4%, primarily resulting from the revenue variances noted above and continued cost management. adjusted ebitda margin increased 170 basis points to 39.5% primarily driven by a revenue mix shift and operating efficiencies.
capital market solutions
2019                              2018                2017
(in millions)
revenue              $2,447              $2,391              $2,749
adjusted ebitda      $1,129              $1,081              $1,080
year ended december 31, 2019:
revenue increased $56 million, or 2.3%, primarily due to (1) strong managed services growth, partially offset by a decline in trading volumes, contributing 1.3% and (2) the remaining revenue contributing 1.8% primarily due to increased demand for risk and compliance offerings. these items were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency impact contributing (0.8%) or approximately $20 million, primarily driven by a stronger u.s. dollar versus the british pound sterling.
adjusted ebitda increased $48 million, or 4.4%, and adjusted ebitda margin increased 90 basis points to 46.1%, due to continued cost management.
year ended december 31, 2018:
revenue decreased $358 million, or 13.0%, primarily due to the sale of the capco consulting business and other divestitures contributing (13.4%). this was partially offset by favorable currency impact contributing 0.2%, or approximately $6 million, driven by a weaker u.s. dollar versus the british pound sterling. the remaining 0.2% contribution was primarily due to strong demand for private equity and insurance offerings, partially offset by a decline in trading volumes.
adjusted ebitda increased $1 million, or 0.1%, and adjusted ebitda margins increased 590 basis points to 45.2% primarily resulting from the positive impact of the capco consulting business divestiture during 2017, as well as continued cost management.
corporate and other
2019                            2018              2017
(in millions)
revenue           $-                $44               $106
adjusted ebitda   $(373     )       $(263     )       $(265     )
the corporate and other segment results consist of selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and intangible asset amortization not otherwise allocated to the reportable segments. corporate and other also includes operations from non-strategic businesses, including the ps&e business (which was divested on february 1, 2017) and the certegy check services business unit in north america (which was divested on august 31, 2018).
year ended december 31, 2019:
revenue decreased $44 million, or 100.0%, due to the sale of the certegy check services business unit in north america during the third quarter of 2018.
46
adjusted ebitda decreased $110 million, or 41.8%, primarily due to incremental worldpay corporate and infrastructure expenses and increased corporate health care and other benefit plan expenses.
year ended december 31, 2018:
revenue decreased $62 million, or 58.5%, primarily due to the sale of the ps&e business during the first quarter of 2017 and certegy check services business unit in north america during the third quarter of 2018.
adjusted ebitda increased $2 million, or 0.8%, primarily from a reduction in infrastructure technology expenses and the results of our data center consolidation program, partially offset by the reduction in revenue from the sale of the ps&e business during the first quarter of 2017 and certegy check services business unit in north america during the third quarter of 2018.
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements our ongoing cash requirements include operating expenses, income taxes, tax receivable obligations, mandatory debt service payments, capital expenditures, stockholder dividends, working capital and timing differences in settlement-related assets and liabilities, and may include discretionary debt repayments, share repurchases and business acquisitions. our principal sources of funds are cash generated by operations and borrowings, including the capacity under our revolving credit facility, the u.s. commercial paper program and the euro-commercial paper program described in note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2019, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1.2 billion and debt of $20.2 billion, including the current portion, net of capitalized debt issuance costs. approximately $570 million of cash and cash equivalents is held by our foreign entities. the majority of our domestic cash and cash equivalents represents net deposits-in-transit at the balance sheet dates and relates to daily settlement activity. we expect that cash and cash equivalents plus cash flows from operations over the next 12 months will be sufficient to fund our operating cash requirements, capital expenditures and mandatory debt service.
we currently expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends. however, the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors that may be considered relevant by our board of directors, including legal and contractual restrictions. additionally, the payment of cash dividends may be limited by covenants in certain debt agreements. a regular quarterly dividend of $0.35 per common share is payable on march 27, 2020 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on march 13, 2020.
on july 20, 2017, our board of directors approved a plan authorizing repurchases of up to $4.0 billion of our outstanding common stock in the open market at prevailing market prices or in privately negotiated transactions through december 31, 2020.  this share repurchase authorization replaced any existing share repurchase authorization. approximately $2.3 billion of plan capacity remained available for repurchases as of december 31, 2019. management temporarily suspended share repurchases as a result of the worldpay transaction to accelerate debt repayment.
cash flows from operations cash flows from operations were $2,410 million, $1,993 million and $1,741 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. our net cash provided by operating activities consists primarily of net earnings, adjusted to add back depreciation and amortization. cash flows from operations increased $417 million in 2019 and $252 million in 2018. the 2019 increase in cash flows from operations is primarily due to increased cash flow due to the worldpay acquisition, partially offset by the timing of working capital and worldpay acquisition transaction- and integration-related expenses. the 2018 increase in cash flows from operations is primarily due to lower trade receivables from increased collections resulting from a reduction in days sales outstanding. these increases were partially offset by u.s. federal estimated income tax payments normally due in the third and fourth quarters of 2017 that were paid during the first quarter of 2018 due to the hurricane irma relief program and timing of working capital.
capital expenditures and other investing activities our principal capital expenditures are for software (purchased and internally developed) and additions to property and equipment. we invested approximately $828 million, $622 million and $613 million in capital expenditures (excluding other financing obligations for certain hardware and software) during 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. in 2020, we expect to
47
continue investing in property and equipment, purchased software and internally developed software to support our core business initiatives. we expect to invest a similar percentage of our 2020 revenue in capital expenditures as in previous years.
in 2019, we used $6,629 million of cash (net of cash acquired, including restricted cash) for the worldpay acquisition. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in 2017, cash flows from investing activities included proceeds from the sale of businesses and investments primarily relating to the sale of ps&e and the capco consulting and risk and compliance businesses.
financing for more information regarding the company's debt and financing activity, see note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations fis' long-term contractual obligations generally include its long-term debt, interest on long-term debt, lease payments on certain of its property and equipment and payments for certain purchase commitments and other obligations. the following table summarizes fis' significant contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2019 (in millions):
payments due in less than                 1-3                 3-5             more than type of obligation                      total                1 year               years               years               5 years long-term debt (1)                $17,516                $140                $3,299              $3,708             $10,369
interest (2)                        3,489                 312                   624                 572               1,981
operating leases                      664                 151                   239                 136                 138
purchase commitments (3)              807                 355                   285                 166                   1
obligations under tra (4)             564                  32                   267                 252                  13
total                             $23,040                $990                $4,714              $4,834             $12,502
(1)   the principal amounts assume no changes in currency rates for our notes denominated in euro and gbp. see note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more details.
(2)   the calculations above assume that (a) applicable margins and commitment fees remain constant; (b) all floating-rate debt is priced at the rates in effect as of december 31, 2019; (c) no refinancing occurs at debt maturity; (d) only mandatory debt repayments are made; (e) no new hedging transactions are effected; and (f) there are no currency effects.
(3)   includes obligations principally related to software, maintenance support, and telecommunication and network services as well as to third-party processors to provide gateway authorization and other processing services.
(4)   obligation represents estimated tax receivable agreement ("tra") payments to fifth third bank. see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more details.
off-balance sheet arrangements fis does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
recent accounting pronouncements recently adopted accounting guidance in february 2018, the fasb issued asu no. 2018-02 ("asu 2018-02"), income statement - reporting comprehensive income (topic 220): reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income. asu 2018-02 allows companies to elect whether to reclassify from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings the tax effects of items within accumulated other comprehensive income, referred to as stranded tax effects, resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act. fis adopted asu 2018-02 on january 1, 2019, and did not elect to reclassify the income tax effects of the tax cuts and jobs act from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. as a result, the adoption of this asu did not have an impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
48
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02, leases (topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize leases on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. topic 842 was subsequently amended by asu no. 2018-01, land easement practical expedient for transition to topic 842; asu no. 2018-10, codification improvements to topic 842, leases; asu no. 2018-11, targeted improvements; asu no. 2018-20, leases (topic 842): narrow-scope improvements for lessors; and asu no. 2019-1, leases (topic 842): codification improvements (collectively, the "new standard"). the new standard establishes a right-of-use ("rou") model that requires a lessee to recognize an rou asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months. leases are classified as finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the income statement. under the new standard, lessor accounting is largely unchanged.
the new standard is effective for public business entities on january 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. a modified retrospective transition approach is required, applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. an entity may choose to use either (1) its effective date (the "effective date method") or (2) the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements as its date of initial application. if an entity chooses the second option, the transition requirements for existing leases also apply to leases entered into between the date of initial application and the effective date. the entity must also recast its comparative period financial statements and provide the disclosures required by the new standard for the comparative periods. fis adopted the new standard effective january 1, 2019 using the effective date method. consequently, financial information was not updated and the disclosures required under the new standard were not provided for dates and periods before january 1, 2019.
the new standard provides several optional practical expedients in transition and for an entity's ongoing accounting. we elected the "package of practical expedients," which permits us not to reassess under the new standard our prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs. we also elected the practical expedient not to separate lease and non-lease components. we did not elect the use-of-hindsight practical expedient nor the short-term lease recognition exemption.
the adoption of the new standard resulted in the recognition of operating lease rou assets and lease liabilities on the company's condensed consolidated balance sheet of $442 million and $446 million, respectively, on january 1, 2019. the standard did not impact our results of operations or cash flows. the company's accounting for finance leases, which are immaterial, remained substantially unchanged.
recent accounting guidance not yet adopted on august 29, 2018, the fasb issued asu no. 2018-15 ("asu 2018-15"), intangibles-goodwill and other-internal-use software (subtopic 350-40): customer's accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. this asu clarifies that implementation costs incurred by customers in cloud computing arrangements should be deferred and recognized over the term of the arrangement, if those costs would be capitalized by the customer in a software licensing arrangement under the internal-use software guidance. the provisions in asu 2018-15 should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption. for public business entities, asu 2018-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2019, and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. we will prospectively adopt the new guidance effective january 1, 2020. we expect that the new guidance will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
on june 16, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-13 ("asu 2016-13"), financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326): measurements on credit losses of financial instruments. this asu was subsequently amended by asu no. 2018-19, codification improvements to topic 326, financial instruments - credit losses (collectively, "topic 326"). the primary objectives of topic 326 are to implement new methodology for calculating credit losses on financial instruments, such as trade receivables, based on expected credit losses and to broaden the types of information companies must use when calculating the estimated losses. under current guidance, the credit losses are calculated based on multiple credit impairment objectives and recognition is delayed until the loss is probable to occur. under the new guidance, financial assets measured at amortized cost basis must be shown as the net amount expected to be collected. the credit loss allowance is a contra-valuation account. the new guidance also applies to receivables arising from revenue transactions such as contract assets. for public business entities, topic 326 is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2019, and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. we will adopt the new standard effective january 1, 2020. we expect to apply a modified retrospective transition approach with a cumulative effect adjustment recorded in retained earnings as of the beginning of the year of adoption. while we are continuing to evaluate the impact, we expect that the new guidance will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
49
