item 1a.    risk factors you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating our company and our business. our future operating results involve a number of risks and uncertainties and actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k. factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed below, as well as those factors discussed elsewhere herein. any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and stock price.
risks related to our business because our business lines are highly attractive, they are also highly competitive. our failure to successfully execute certain strategies within this competitive environment could have a material negative impact on our future growth and profitability the companion animal healthcare industry is highly competitive, and we anticipate increasing levels of competition from both existing competitors and new market entrants given our performance and the market's strong growth and returns. our ability to maintain or enhance our growth rates and our profitability depends on our successful execution of many elements of our strategy, including:
•   developing, manufacturing, and marketing innovative new or improved and cost competitive in-clinic laboratory analyzers that drive sales of idexx vetlab instruments, grow our installed base of instruments and increase demand for related recurring sales of consumable products, services, and accessories;
•   developing and introducing new proprietary diagnostic tests and services for both our reference laboratories and in-clinic applications that provide valuable medical information to our customers and effectively differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors;
•   increasing the value to our customers of our companion animal products and services by enhancing the integration of the information and transactions of these products and the management of diagnostic information derived from our products;
•   maintaining premium pricing, including by effectively implementing price increases, for our differentiated products and services through, among other things, effective communication and promotion of the value of our products and services in an environment where many of our competitors promote, market, and sell lesser offerings at prices lower than ours;
•   providing our veterinary customers with the medical and business tools, information, and resources that enable them to grow their practices and the utilization of our diagnostic products and services, through increased pet visits, use of preventive care protocols and enhanced practice of real-time care;
•   achieving cost improvements in our worldwide network of reference laboratories by implementing global best practices, including lean processing techniques, incorporating technological enhancements, including laboratory automation and a global laboratory information management system, employing purchasing strategies to maximize leverage of our global scale, increasing the leverage of existing infrastructure and consolidating testing in high volume laboratory hubs;
•   achieving cost improvements in the manufacture and service of our in-clinic laboratory analyzers by employing the benefits of economies of scale in both negotiating supply contracts and leveraging manufacturing overhead, and by improving reliability of our instruments;
•   continuing to expand, develop, and advance the productivity of our companion animal diagnostic sales, marketing, customer support and logistics organizations in the u.s. and international markets in support of, among other things, our all-direct sales strategies;
•   attracting, developing, and retaining key leadership and talent necessary to support all elements of our strategy, which is challenging due to the increasingly competitive and tight labor markets in which we operate;
•   expanding our served market and growing our market share by strengthening our sales and marketing activities both within the u.s. and in geographies outside of the u.s.;
•   identifying, completing, and integrating acquisitions that enhance our existing businesses or create new business or geographic areas for us;
•   developing and implementing new technology and licensing strategies; and
•   continuing to effectively manage our growth and expansion on a global scale through, among other things, designing and implementing cost-effective improvements to our processes, procedures, and infrastructure.
if we are unsuccessful in implementing and executing on some or all of these strategies, our rate of growth or profitability may be negatively impacted.
we depend on key leadership and talent to succeed and compete effectively our continued success is substantially dependent on our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly capable and skilled senior leadership and other key personnel. as we continue to grow our business, expand our geographic scope, and develop and offer innovative, new products and services, we require the organizational talent necessary to ensure effective succession for our senior leadership and other key personnel. competition for experienced leaders and employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location, work environment and development opportunities. the loss of the services of, or our failure to recruit or develop and implement effective succession plans for, our senior leadership or other key personnel may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives, disrupt our operations, and adversely affect our business and our future success. in addition, even if we effectively develop and implement succession plans and make key leadership transitions, we cannot provide assurances as to whether we may experience management or other challenges in connection with any of those leadership transitions that could adversely affect our future success.
our dependence on suppliers could limit our ability to sell certain products or negatively affect our operating results we rely on third-party suppliers to provide components for our products, manufacture products that we do not manufacture ourselves, and perform services that we do not provide ourselves, including package-delivery services. because these suppliers are independent third parties with their own financial objectives, actions taken by them could have a materially negative effect on our results of operations. the risks of relying on suppliers include our inability to enter into contracts with such suppliers on reasonable terms, breach, or termination by suppliers of their contractual obligations, inconsistent or inadequate quality control, relocation of supplier facilities, disruption to suppliers' business, including work stoppages, suppliers' failure to comply with complex and changing regulations, and third-party financial failure. any problems with our suppliers and associated disruptions to our supply chain could materially negatively impact our ability to supply the market, substantially decrease sales, lead to higher costs, or damage our reputation with our customers, and any longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of our customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability. disruption to our supply chain could occur as a result of any number of events, including, but not limited to, increases in wages that drive up prices; the imposition of regulations, trade protection measures, tariffs, duties, import/export restrictions, quotas or embargoes on key components; labor stoppages; transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials and finished goods; the unavailability of raw materials; severe weather conditions; natural disasters; public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or the prospect of a pandemic); climate change-related events; civil unrest, war, terrorism or other geopolitical developments, including the united kingdom's exit from the european union; computer viruses, physical or electronic breaches, or other information system disruptions or security breaches; and disruptions in utility and other services. for more information regarding the risks presented by natural and other disasters and system disruptions and security breaches from cyberattacks, see "we are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems, and a disruption of these systems or significant security breaches could adversely affect our business" and "natural and other disasters could adversely affect our business" below.
in addition, we currently purchase many products and materials from sole or single sources. some of the products that we purchase from these sources are proprietary and, therefore, cannot be readily or easily replaced by alternative sources. these products include the majority of our catalyst dx and catalyst one consumables; vetlyte electrolyte consumables; procyte dx hematology, idexx vetautoread hematology, and vettest chemistry analyzers and related consumables and accessories; sedivue dx urine sediment analyzer and consumables; image capture plates used in our diagnostic imaging systems; and certain components and raw materials used in our snap rapid assay kits and snap pro mobile device, catalyst one, lasercyte and lasercyte dx hematology analyzers, livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, dairy testing products, and water testing products. even where products and materials are available from alternative suppliers, if any become unavailable to us for any reason, we likely would incur additional costs and delays in identifying or qualifying replacement materials and there can be no assurance that replacements would be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. in certain cases, we may be required to obtain regulatory approval to use alternative suppliers, and this process of approval could delay production of our products or development of product candidates indefinitely.
we seek to mitigate risks associated with sole and single source suppliers on a risk-prioritized basis and in a variety of ways, including, when possible, by identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers, developing applicable in-house manufacturing capabilities and expertise, and entering into escrow arrangements for manufacturing information for certain single or sole-sourced products. we also seek to enter into long-term contracts with our sole and single source suppliers that provide for an uninterrupted supply of products at predictable or fixed prices. however, there can be no assurance that we will successfully implement any of these mitigating activities or that, if implemented, any of them will be effective in preventing any delay or other disruption in our ability to supply the market. in addition, suppliers may decline to enter into long-term contracts for any number of reasons, which would require us to purchase products via short-term contracts or on a purchase order basis. there can be no assurance that suppliers with which we do not have long-term contracts will continue to supply our requirements for products, that suppliers with which we do have long-term contracts will always fulfill their obligations under those contracts, or that any of our suppliers will not experience disruptions in their ability to supply our requirements for products. in cases where we purchase sole and single source products or components under purchase orders, we are more susceptible to unanticipated cost increases or changes in other terms of supply. in addition, under some contracts with suppliers we have minimum purchase obligations, and our failure to satisfy those obligations may result in loss of some or all of our rights under these contracts or require us to compensate the supplier. if we are unable to obtain adequate quantities of products in the future from sole and single source suppliers, or if such sole and single source suppliers are unable to obtain the components or other materials required to manufacture the products, we may be unable to supply the market, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, and any longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability.
our biologic products are complex and difficult to manufacture, which could negatively affect our ability to supply the market many of our rapid assay, livestock and poultry diagnostic, water and dairy products are biologic products, which are products that include materials from living organisms, such as antibodies, cells, and sera. manufacturing biologic products is highly complex due to the inherent variability of biological input materials and the difficulty of controlling the interactions of these materials with other components of the products, samples, and the environment. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain adequate sources of biological materials or that we will be able to consistently manufacture biologic products that satisfy applicable product release criteria and regulatory requirements. further, products that meet release criteria at the time of manufacture may fall out of specification while in customer inventory, which could require us to incur expenses associated with recalling products and providing customers with new products, either of which could damage customer relations. our inability to produce or obtain necessary biological materials or to successfully manufacture biologic products that incorporate such materials could result in our inability to supply the market with these products, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems, and a disruption of these systems or significant security breaches could adversely affect our business.
we rely on several information systems throughout our company, as well as our third-party business partners' and suppliers' information systems, to provide access to our web-based products and services, keep financial records, analyze results of operations, process customer orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers, store confidential or proprietary information and operate other critical functions. although we maintain information security policies and employ system backup measures and engage in information system redundancy planning and processes, such policies, measures, planning and processes, as well as our current disaster recovery plans, may be ineffective or inadequate to address all eventualities. further, our information systems and our business partners' and suppliers' information systems may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers and other security breaches, including, among other things, computer viruses and malware, denial of service actions, misappropriation of data and similar events through the internet (including via devices and applications connected to the internet), and through email attachments and persons with access to these information systems, such as our employees or third parties with whom we do business. as information systems and the use of software and related applications by us, our business partners, suppliers, and customers become more cloud-based and connected to the "internet of things," which is inherently susceptible to cyberattacks, there has been an increase in global cybersecurity vulnerabilities and threats, including more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks that pose a risk to the security of our information systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data and information. we process credit card payments electronically over secure networks and also offer products and services that connect to and are part of the "internet of things," such as our connected devices (e.g., idexx vetlab instruments). any such attack or breach could compromise our networks and the information stored thereon could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. while we have implemented network security and internal control measures, especially for the purpose of protecting our connected products and services from cyberattacks, and invested in our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent a system disruption, attack, or security breach and, as such, the risk of system disruptions and security breaches from a cyberattack remains.
we, and some of our third party vendors, have experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past and may experience further attacks in the future, potentially with more frequency. to our knowledge, most of these attacks have been unsuccessful, and none have resulted in any material adverse impact to our business or operations. we have adopted measures to mitigate potential risks associated with information technology disruptions and cybersecurity threats; however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions and the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, which vary in technique and sources, if we or our business partners or suppliers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach that impacts any of our critical functions, or our customers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach via any of our connected products and services, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems or networks, financial losses and additional costs from remedial actions, repairs to infrastructure, physical systems or data processing systems, increased cybersecurity and information technology protection costs, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. our customers could also face negative consequences such as the compromises of sensitive or critical information or systems. furthermore, any access to, public disclosure of, or other loss of data or information (including any of our confidential or proprietary information or personal data or information) as a result of an attack or security breach could result in governmental actions or private claims or proceedings, which could damage our reputation, cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, damage our ability to develop (and protect our rights to) our proprietary technologies and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. for more information regarding data and information privacy and protection risks, see "our operations and reputation may be impaired if we, our products, or our services do not comply with our global privacy policy or evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and protection" below.
risks associated with doing business internationally could negatively affect our operating results for the year ended december 31, 2019, approximately 38% of our revenue was attributable to sales of products and services to customers outside the u.s. although we intend to continue to expand our international operations and business, we may not be able to successfully promote, market, import, export, sell or distribute our products and services outside the u.s. various risks associated with foreign operations may impact our international sales, including, but not limited to, disruptions in transportation of our products or our supply chain; fluctuations in oil prices; increased border protection and restriction on travel; the differing product and service needs of foreign customers; difficulties in building, staffing and managing foreign operations (including a geographically dispersed workforce); differing protection of intellectual property; trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import/export restrictions, tariffs, duties, and regulatory and licensing requirements; natural and other disasters; public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or the prospect of a pandemic); ongoing instability or changes in a country's or region's regulatory, economic or political conditions, including as a result of the united kingdom's exit from the european union; other unfavorable geopolitical conditions; security concerns; and local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices prohibited by the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations.
in addition, to market and sell many of our products outside the u.s., we are subject to product approval and registration requirements that often require us to provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. there can be no assurance that the confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies to comply with product approval and registration requirements may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively affect our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. we also may forgo marketing and selling some of our products in certain foreign jurisdictions due to the risk of intellectual property theft, which could negatively affect our ability to expand our international operations and business. for more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, see "our success is heavily dependent on our continued proprietary product and service innovation" below.
further, prices that we charge to foreign customers may be different than the prices we charge for the same products in the u.s. due to competitive, market or other factors, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. our results of operations are also susceptible to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. as a result, the mix of domestic and international sales in a particular period could have an adverse impact on our results of operations for that period.
various u.s. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business as a global business, we sell products and services in more than 175 countries and operate in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment. in the u.s., the manufacture and sale of certain of our products are regulated by agencies such as the usda, the fda, and the epa. our diagnostic tests for animal health applications that involve the detection of infectious diseases, including most rapid assay canine and feline snap tests and livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, must be approved by the usda prior to sale in the u.s. our dairy testing products as well as the manufacture and sale of our opti line of human point-of-care electrolytes and blood gas analyzers require approval by the fda before they may be sold commercially in the u.s. our water testing products must be approved by the epa, as a part of a water quality monitoring program required by the epa, before they can be used by customers in the u.s. delays in obtaining regulatory approvals for new products or product upgrades could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability.
the manufacture, import, and sale of our products, as well as our research and development processes, are subject to similar and sometimes more stringent laws in many foreign countries. for example, the european union regulates the use of certain substances that we currently use in our products or processes. these regulations include the biocidal products regulation, which requires approval for the use of certain biocides in our products prior to being manufactured, used, or sold in the european union; the european regulation for registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemical substances, or reach, which regulates and restricts the use of certain chemicals in the european union; and the restriction of hazardous substances("rohs") directive, which regulates and restricts certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment. compliance with these regulations (and similar regulations that may be adopted elsewhere, including china and brazil) may require registration of the applicable substances or the redesign or reformulation of our products and may reduce or eliminate the availability of certain parts and components used in our products and services in the event our suppliers are unable to comply with the applicable regulations in a timely and cost-effective manner. any redesign or reformulation or restricted supply of parts and components may negatively affect the availability or performance of our products and services, add testing lead-times for products and reformulated products, reduce our margins, result in additional costs, or have other similar effects. in addition, the costs to comply with these regulations may be significant. any of these could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. these legal and regulatory requirements are complex and subject to change, and we continue to evaluate their impact.
in addition, some foreign governments require us to register our products before they can be distributed or sold, and these product registration requirements, which vary among the applicable jurisdictions and change from time to time, are often complex and require us to engage in lengthy and costly processes and provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any product registration required by one or more foreign governments. any inability to obtain or maintain a required product registration in a jurisdiction could adversely affect our ability to market and sell the applicable product in that jurisdiction, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. there can also be no assurance that confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively impact our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. for more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, see "our success is heavily dependent on our continued proprietary product and service innovation" below.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations governing, as well as legal and political environments that vary broadly regarding, among other things, the importation and exportation of products; our global business practices, such as anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, and anti-competition laws; and immigration and travel restrictions. these legal, regulatory, and political requirements and environments differ among jurisdictions around the world and are rapidly changing and increasingly complex. the costs associated with compliance with these legal and regulatory requirements and adjusting to changing legal and political environments are significant and likely to increase in the future.
any failure by us to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, or to adjust to changing legal and political environments, could result in fines, penalties, and sanctions; product recalls; suspensions or discontinuations of, or limitations or restrictions on, our ability to design, manufacture, market, import, export or sell our products; and damage to our reputation. any of these could negatively impact our business.
our success is heavily dependent on our continued proprietary product and service innovation we believe our future success significantly depends on our ability to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing proprietary product and service offerings and to develop and introduce new and innovative proprietary products and services. as a result, we invest substantial funds and efforts into r&d, investigating new products and technologies being developed by third parties and obtaining certain such new products and technologies through licenses or acquisitions. there can be no assurance that our r&d, licensing, or acquisition efforts will achieve expected results, when or whether any of our products or services now under development will be launched, or whether we may be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire new products or technologies. we also cannot predict whether any product or service offering, once launched, will achieve market acceptance or achieve sales and revenue consistent with our expectations.
we rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, trademark, and copyright laws to protect our proprietary rights. we also license patents and technologies from third parties to enable the use of third-party technologies in the development and production of our products and offerings. if we do not have adequate protection of our proprietary rights or are unable to license third-party patents and technologies on reasonable terms, our business may be affected by competitors who utilize substantially equivalent technologies that compete with us.
we cannot ensure that we will obtain issued patents, that any patents issued or licensed to us will remain valid, or that any patents owned or licensed by us will provide protection against competitors with similar technologies. even if our patents cover products sold by our competitors, the time and expense of litigating to enforce our patent rights could be substantial and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, expiration of patent rights could result in substantial new competition in the markets for products previously covered by those patent rights.
in the past, we have received notices claiming that our products infringe third-party patents and we may receive such notices in the future. patent litigation is complex and expensive, and the outcome of patent litigation can be difficult to predict. we cannot ensure that we will win a patent litigation case or negotiate an acceptable resolution of such a case. if we lose, we may be prohibited from selling certain products and/or we may be required to pay damages and/or ongoing royalties as a result of the lawsuit. any such result could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
increased competition from and technological advances by our competitors could negatively affect our operating results we face intense competition within the markets in which we sell our products and services, and we expect that future competition will become even more intense as new products, services and technologies become available and new competitors enter the market. our competitors in the veterinary diagnostic market in the united states and abroad include companies that develop, manufacture, and sell veterinary diagnostic tests and commercial veterinary reference laboratories, certain large and well-funded animal health pharmaceutical companies, as well as corporate hospital chains that operate reference laboratories that serve both their hospitals and unaffiliated hospitals, such as vca inc. (formerly named vca antech, inc.), which is wholly owned by mars, incorporated, another operator of corporate hospital chains. consolidation among our competitors and our customers may intensify the competition we face. while we believe that our offerings are competitively differentiated due to our proprietary products and services (such as the idexx sdma test and vetconnect plus) that offer an integrated, comprehensive diagnostic solution and the quality of our technical and customer service, there can be no assurance that increased consolidation among our competitors or customers (as well as any resulting reference laboratory vertical integration among our customers) would not have a negative impact on our ability to compete successfully. for more information regarding the risks presented by consolidation and reference laboratory vertical integration among our customers, see "consolidation in our customer base, including through increased corporate hospital ownership, and prevalence of buying consortiums could negatively affect our business" below.
competition could negatively affect our sales and profitability in a number of ways. new competitors may enter our markets through the development of innovative new technology, the acquisition of rights to use existing technologies or the use of existing technologies when patents protecting such existing technologies expire. new or existing competitors may introduce new, innovative, and competitive products and services, which could be superior, or be perceived by our customers to be superior, to our products and services or lead to the obsolescence of one or more of our products or services. business combinations and mergers among our competitors may result in competitors that are better positioned to create, market, and sell more compelling product and service offerings. while an important aspect of our strategy is to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing products and services and to develop and introduce new and innovative products and services, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop such products and services or that those products or services will be superior to our competitors' products or services or otherwise achieve market acceptance. some of our competitors and potential competitors may choose to differentiate themselves by offering products and services perceived in the eyes of customers as similar, at substantially lower sales prices, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations through loss of market share or a decision to lower our own sales prices to remain competitive. in addition, our ability to attract and retain customers depends on the effectiveness of our customer marketing and incentive programs and multiple competitors could bundle product and service offerings through co-marketing or other arrangements, which could enhance their ability to compete with our broad product and service offering. certain of our competitors and potential competitors, including large diagnostic and pharmaceutical companies, also have substantially greater financial and managerial resources than us, as well as greater experience in manufacturing, marketing, research and development, and obtaining regulatory approvals than we do.
consolidation in our customer base, including through increased corporate hospital ownership, and prevalence of buying consortiums could negatively affect our business veterinarians are our primary customers for our cag products and services, and the veterinary services industry in the u.s. and abroad has been consolidating over time at an accelerating rate in recent years. in the united states, the number of owners of veterinary hospitals has been declining, and an increasing percentage of veterinary hospitals are owned by corporations that are in the business of acquiring veterinary hospitals and/or opening new veterinary hospitals nationally or regionally. major corporate hospital owners in the u.s. include mars, incorporated (owner of banfield pet hospitals, blue pearl veterinary partners, pet partners and vca inc.), and national veterinary associates, and are joined by dozens of smaller consolidators. a similar trend exists in other regions such as canada, europe, australia, new zealand, brazil, and china. furthermore, an increasing percentage of individually-owned veterinary hospitals in the u.s. are participating in buying consortiums. corporate owners of veterinary hospitals and buying consortiums often seek to improve profitability by leveraging the buying power they derive from their scale to obtain favorable pricing from suppliers, which could have a negative impact on our profitability and results of operations. while we have strong supplier relationships with several corporate hospital groups and buying consortiums, decisions by larger corporate owners and buying consortiums to shift their purchasing of products and services away from us and to a competitor would have a negative impact on our results of operations. in addition, certain corporate owners also operate reference laboratories that serve both their hospitals and unaffiliated hospitals. any hospitals acquired by these companies generally attempt to shift all or a large portion of their testing to the reference laboratories operated by these companies, and there can be no assurance that hospitals that otherwise become affiliated with these companies would not shift all or a portion of their testing to such reference laboratories. furthermore, because these companies compete with us in the reference laboratory services marketplace, hospitals acquired by these companies or those that establish other affiliations with these companies may cease to be customers or potential customers of our other companion animal products and services, which would cause our sales of these products and services to decline.
changes in testing patterns could negatively affect our operating results the market for our companion animal, livestock and poultry diagnostic tests and our dairy and water testing products could be negatively impacted by a number of factors impacting testing practices. the introduction or broad market acceptance of vaccines or preventatives for the diseases and conditions for which we sell diagnostic tests and services could result in a decline in testing. changes in accepted medical protocols regarding the diagnosis of certain diseases and conditions could have a similar effect. eradication or substantial declines in the prevalence of certain diseases also could lead to a decline in diagnostic testing for such diseases. our livestock and poultry products business in particular is subject to fluctuations resulting from changes in disease prevalence. the outbreak of certain diseases (such as african swine fever) among livestock or poultry, or the adverse impact of climate change-related events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods), could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of such animals in the affected regions, reducing herd or flock sizes, which could reduce the demand for our testing products for such animals. changes in government regulations or in the availability of government funds available for monitoring programs could negatively affect sales of our products that are driven by compliance testing, such as our livestock and poultry, dairy and water products. in addition, changes and trends in local dairy, poultry, or other food markets around the world could negatively affect the related production markets resulting in a decline in demand for our testing products. declines in testing for any reason, including the reasons described above, along with lost opportunities associated with a reduction in veterinary visits, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
natural and other disasters could adversely affect our business.
our business and results of operations could be negatively affected by certain factors beyond our control, such as natural disasters and/or climate change-related events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods); public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or the prospect of a pandemic); civil unrest; negative geopolitical conditions and developments; and war, terrorism, or other man-made disasters. any of these events could result in, among other things, damage to or the temporary closure of one or more of our manufacturing or distribution facilities or reference laboratories (damage to one of our facilities or the manufacturing equipment we use could be costly and may require substantial lead-time to repair or replace); damage to or closure of one or more facilities of our third-party business partners or suppliers on which we rely; a temporary lack of an adequate work force in one or more markets; an interruption in power supply; a temporary or long-term disruption in our supply chain (including a disruption to our ability to obtain critical components for the manufacture of our products); a temporary disruption in our ability to deliver (or delays in the delivery of) our products or services; and short- or long-term damage to our customers' businesses (which would adversely impact customer demand for our products and services). for more information regarding the risks presented by disruption to our suppliers' operations and supply chain, see "our dependence on suppliers could limit our ability to sell certain products or negatively affect our operating results" above.
we manufacture many of our significant companion animal products, including our rapid assay devices and certain instruments, many of our water testing products and certain of our livestock, poultry, and dairy testing products, at a single facility in westbrook, maine. certain of our companion animal products, as well as our human point-of-care products, are manufactured in roswell, georgia. we also manufacture certain of our livestock and poultry testing products in bern, switzerland and montpellier, france. in addition, we maintain major distribution facilities in north america and in the netherlands and major reference laboratories in memphis, tennessee; ludwigsburg, germany; sacramento, california; elmhurst, illinois; north grafton, massachusetts; east brisbane, australia; markham, ontario; wetherby, u.k.; tokyo, japan; and leipzig, germany. interruption of operations at any of these facilities due to the occurrence of one or more of the events described above could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
while we maintain plans to continue business under such circumstances, there can be no assurance that such plans will be successful in fully or partially mitigating the effects of such events. we also maintain property and business interruption insurance to insure against the financial impact of certain events of this nature. however, this insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for the full amount of any losses that we may incur. in addition, such insurance will not compensate us for potential long-term competitive effects of being out of the market for the period of any interruption in operations.
our operations and reputation may be impaired if we, our products, or our services do not comply with our global privacy policy or evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and protection the nature of our business involves the receipt and storage of information about our customers, pet owners, suppliers, and employees. we collect and use personal data in a variety of ways. we offer products and services that collect and use personal data provided by customer practices, individuals, and third-parties at customers' direction, including practice management systems for veterinary practices, online customer communication tools and services, vetconnect plus, two-way integration technology, and use by third-parties authorized by our customers to provide programs and services to such customers. some of these products and services rely on third-party providers for cloud storage. we also engage in e-commerce through various websites and collect contact and other personal data from our customers and visitors to our websites. the privacy, security, retention, sharing and use of the personal data described above are subject to expanding and increasingly complex laws and regulations in the u.s. (such as the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), which became effective on january 1, 2020) and abroad (such as the brazilian general data protection law ("lgpd"), which will become effective on august 15, 2020), some of which impose significant compliance obligations. some of these laws and regulations apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure, sharing and security of personal data that identifies or may be used to identify an individual, such as names, contact information, and sensitive personal data. these laws and regulations are subject to frequent revisions and differing interpretations and have generally become more stringent over time. in many cases, the federal, state, and international laws described above apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, and among us, our subsidiaries, and other parties with which we have commercial relations. for example, we are subject to the european union's general data protection regulation, or gdpr, which became effective in may 2018. the gdpr imposes stringent operational requirements for controllers and processors of personal data, including expanded disclosures about how personal information is to be used, limitations on retention of information and mandatory data breach notification requirements, and could subject us to increased liability for violations. in addition, the laws and regulations related to data privacy and protection continue to develop, are subject to differing interpretations and may be applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may be inconsistent with our current global privacy policy and data protection practices. the costs associated with compliance with these evolving legal and regulatory requirements are significant and likely to increase in the future and as a result may cause us to incur substantial costs, require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business or limit our ability to use and share personal data. additionally, public perception and standards related to the privacy of personal data can shift rapidly, in ways that may affect our reputation or influence regulators in the u.s. and abroad to expand or adopt more stringent regulations and laws.
while we have policies and procedures in place to comply with all applicable privacy-related laws and regulations (including the gdpr and ccpa), as well as our contractual obligations, any failure or perceived failure by us, the third parties with whom we work or our products and services to so comply could result in damage to our reputation or legal proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, or security of personal data or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded and even if we are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, could damage our reputation and harm our business.
strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar has a negative effect on our business we are a global business, with 38% of our revenue during the year ended december 31, 2019, attributable to sales of products and services to customers outside of the u.s. any strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies, and in particular the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi, japanese yen, australian dollar and brazilian real, adversely affects our results, as it reduces the dollar value of sales and profits that are made in those currencies. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar has a greater adverse effect on the profits from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars that are exported to international markets and a lesser effect on profits from foreign sourced products and services due to a natural hedge from international expenses denominated in the corresponding foreign currencies.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, approximately 22% of our consolidated revenue was derived from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars and sold internationally in local currencies, as compared to 22% and 21% for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. a strengthening u.s. dollar could also negatively impact the ability of customers outside the u.s. to pay for purchases denominated in u.s. dollars as well as affect our overall competitiveness in international markets. the accumulated impacts from any continued, longer-term growth in the value of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our operating results. see "part ii, item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding currency impact. in addition, there has been, and may continue to be, volatility in currency exchange rates as a result of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union, especially between the u.s. dollar and the british pound.
our foreign currency hedging activities (see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 18. hedging instruments" in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements), which are designed to minimize and delay, but not to eliminate, the effects of foreign currency fluctuations, may not sufficiently offset the adverse financial effect of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates on our financial results over the limited time the hedges are in place. in addition, our hedging activities involve costs and risks, such as transactions costs and the risk that our hedging counterparties will default on their obligations.
we primarily hedge intercompany product purchases and sales denominated in the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, japanese yen, and australian dollar. other foreign currency exposures related to foreign sourced services and emerging markets may not be practical to hedge. in certain cases, these exposures are not offset by foreign currency denominated costs. as we primarily use foreign currency exchange contracts with durations of less than 24 months and enter into contracts to hedge incremental portions of anticipated foreign currency transactions on a quarterly basis for the current and following year, the effectiveness of our foreign currency hedging activities to offset longer-term appreciation in the value of the u.s. dollar against non-u.s. currencies may be limited. factors that could affect the effectiveness of our hedging activities include accuracy of sales and other forecasts, volatility of currency markets, and the cost and availability of hedging instruments. since our hedging activities are designed to minimize volatility, they not only temporarily reduce the negative impact of a stronger u.s. dollar, but they also temporarily reduce the positive impact of a weaker u.s. dollar. our future financial results could be significantly affected by a strengthening value of the u.s. dollar in relation to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business. the degree to which our financial results are affected for any given time period will depend in part upon our hedging activities.
a weak worldwide economy could result in reduced demand for our products and services or increased customer credit risk a substantial percentage of our sales are made worldwide to the companion animal veterinary market. demand for our companion animal diagnostic products and services is driven in part by the number of patient visits to veterinary hospitals and the practices of veterinarians with respect to the recommendations for diagnostic testing, as well as pet owner compliance with these recommendations. pet owners generally pay cash out of pocket for health care services for their pets from veterinary practices. economic weakness in our significant markets could cause pet owners to forgo or defer visits to veterinary hospitals or affect their willingness to approve certain diagnostic tests, comply with a treatment plan or, even more fundamentally, continue to own a pet. in addition, concerns about the financial resources of pet owners could cause veterinarians to be less likely to recommend certain diagnostic tests, and concerns about the economy may cause veterinarians to defer purchasing capital items such as our instruments and systems. these conditions, if they continue, could result in a decrease in sales or decrease in sales growth, of diagnostic products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
demand for our water products is driven in part by the availability of funds at government laboratories, water utilities and private certified laboratories that utilize our products. availability of funds also affects demand by government laboratories and cattle, swine and poultry producers that utilize our livestock and poultry diagnostic products, and by users of our human point-of-care diagnostic instruments. economic weakness in our markets has caused and could continue to cause our customers to reduce their investment in such testing, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in all of our markets, a weak economy may also cause deterioration in the financial condition of our distributors and customers, which could inhibit their ability to pay us amounts owed for products delivered or services provided in a timely fashion or at all.
we sell many products through distributors, which presents risks that could negatively affect our operating results some of our product sales in international markets occur through third-party distributors. as a result, we are dependent on these distributors to promote and create demand for our products. our distributors often offer products from several different companies, and certain of our distributors may carry our competitors' products and promote our competitors' products over our own products. we have limited ability, if any, to cause our distributors to devote adequate resources to promoting, marketing, selling, and supporting our products or to maintain certain inventory levels, and changes in our distributors' inventory levels, as compared to comparable prior periods, could negatively impact our revenue growth rates. we cannot assure you that we will be successful in maintaining and strengthening our relationships with our distributors or establishing relationships with new distributors who have the ability to market, sell and support our products effectively. we may rely on one or more key distributors for a product or a region, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue. distributors may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. while we maintain a rigorous distribution compliance program, violations of anti-corruption or similar laws by our distributors could have a material impact on our business and reputation, and any termination of a distributor relationship may result in increased competition in the applicable jurisdiction. failure to manage the risks associated with our use of distributors outside of the u.s. may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position, any of which could have a negative effect on our operating results.
future operating results could be negatively affected by changes in tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities the nature of our international operations subjects us to local, state, regional and federal tax laws in jurisdictions around the world. our future tax expense could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. additionally, tax rules governing cross-border activities are continually subject to modification as a result of both coordinated actions by governments and unilateral measures designed by individual countries, both intended to tackle concerns over base erosion and profit shifting (beps) and perceived international tax avoidance techniques.
the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act") was enacted in the u.s. on december 22, 2017 and includes significant changes to the u.s. federal corporate tax system. effective january 1, 2018, the 2017 tax act reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and transitioned from a worldwide tax system to a modified territorial tax system. the 2017 tax act introduced new provisions including the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"), foreign derived intangible income ("fdii"), base erosion anti-abuse tax ("beat'), expanded bonus depreciation and changed deductions for executive compensation and interest expense. the u.s. department of treasury continues to issue regulations related to the 2017 tax act which may increase or decrease our tax liability in future periods. see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13. income taxes" in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the impact of the 2017 tax act.
we have received a tax ruling from the netherlands that documents our mutual understanding of how existing tax laws apply to our circumstances. this ruling expires as of december 31, 2022, and we have been informed that it will not be renewed due to changes to the advance ruling policy in the netherlands. while the absence of an advance agreement does not preclude our ability to continue to apply existing tax laws in the same manner as allowed by the existing ruling, the lack of such agreement could create uncertainty as to our future tax rate.
additionally, the european commission has opened formal investigations into specific tax rulings granted by several countries to specific taxpayers. while we believe that our rulings are different than those being discussed, the ultimate resolution of such activities cannot be predicted and could also have an adverse impact on future operating results.
our income tax filings are regularly under audit by various tax authorities, and the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. we regularly assess our exposures related to our worldwide provision for income taxes to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. any reduction in these contingent liabilities or additional assessments would increase or decrease income, respectively, in the period such determination is made.
our limited experience and small scale in the human point-of-care market could inhibit our success in this market we have limited experience in the human point-of-care medical diagnostics market and we operate at a small scale in this market. this market differs in many respects from the veterinary diagnostic market. significant differences include the impact of third-party reimbursement on diagnostic testing, more extensive regulation, greater product liability risks, larger competitors, a more segmented customer base and more rapid technological innovation. our limited experience and small scale in the human point-of-care medical diagnostics market could negatively affect our ability to successfully manage the risks and features of this market that differ from the veterinary diagnostic market. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving growth and profitability in the human point-of-care medical diagnostics market comparable to the results we have achieved in the veterinary diagnostic market.
restrictions in our debt agreements or our inability to obtain financing on favorable terms may increase our cost of borrowing and limit our activities our ability to make scheduled payments and satisfy our other obligations under our credit facility and senior notes depends on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flows to meet these obligations or generate sufficient levels of earnings to satisfy the applicable affirmative, negative, and financial covenants. our failure to comply with these covenants and the other terms of the credit facility and senior notes could result in an event of default and acceleration of our obligations under these agreements, which may require us to seek additional financing or restructure existing debt on unfavorable terms. in addition, adverse changes in credit markets could increase our cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for us to obtain financing.
our senior notes include provisions which stipulate a prepayment penalty for which we will be obligated in the event that we elect to repay the notes prior to their stated maturity dates. should we elect to repay some or all of the outstanding principal balance on our senior notes, the prepayment penalty we incur could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
we fund our operations, capital purchase requirements and strategic growth needs through cash on hand, funds generated from operations, amounts available under our credit facility and senior note financings. if we are unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, we could face restrictions that would limit our ability to execute certain strategies, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue growth and profitability.
borrowings under our credit facility bear interest at variable rates, including rates based on the london interbank offered rate (libor), exposing us to interest rate risk. if interest rates were to increase, our debt service obligations under our variable-rate credit facility would increase even if the principal amount borrowed remained the same. while we may enter into interest rate swaps in the future to reduce the impact of interest rate fluctuations associated with our variable-rate indebtedness, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk.
in addition, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced in july 2017 that it will no longer persuade or require banks to submit rates for libor after 2021 and it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established. if libor ceases to exist, one or more interest rates under our credit facility would, in the absence of an amendment, instead apply (depending on currency of the borrowing and other factors, including the cost of funds of applicable lenders, as determined by them), and similarly we may need to amend certain of our other agreements that use libor as a benchmark and we cannot predict what alternative index or other amendments may be negotiated with our counterparties. as a result, our interest expense could increase and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. additionally, uncertainty as to the nature of a potential discontinuance or modification of libor, alternative reference rates, or other reforms may materially adversely affect the trading market for securities linked to such benchmarks.
risks related to an investment in our securities fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results may cause our stock price to decline our prior operating results have fluctuated due to a number of factors, including seasonality of certain product lines; changes in our accounting estimates; the impact of acquisitions; timing of distributor purchases product launches, operating expenditures, customer marketing and incentive programs; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; timing of regulatory approvals and licenses; litigation and claim-related expenditures; increase in the number and type of competitors; changes in competitors' product offerings; changes in our sales and distribution model; changes in the economy affecting consumer spending; and other matters. similarly, our future operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter or year to year due to these and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. if our operating results or projections of future operating results do not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in future periods, our stock price may fall.
the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid the trading price of our common stock may be volatile. securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. this market volatility, as well as other general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of our common stock in spite of our operating performance. the following factors, in addition to other factors described in this "risk factors" section and elsewhere in this form 10-k, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock:
•   changes in customer needs, expectations or trends and our ability to maintain relationships with key customers;
•   our ability to implement our business strategy;
•   our stock repurchase program;
•   changes in our capital structure, including the issuance of additional debt;
•   public announcements (including the timing of these announcements) regarding our business, financial performance and prospects or new products or services, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us;
•   trading activity in our stock, including portfolio transactions in our stock by us, our executive officers and directors, and significant stockholders or trading activity that results from the ordinary course rebalancing of stock indices in which we may be included, such as the s&amp;p 500 index;
•   short-interest in our common stock, which could be significant from time to time;
•   our inclusion in, or removal from, any stock indices;
•   investor perception of us and the industry and markets in which we operate;
•   changes in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by securities analysts;
•   whether or not we meet earnings estimates of securities analysts who follow us; and
•   general financial, domestic, international, economic, and market conditions, including overall fluctuations in the u.s. equity markets.
in addition, broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance, and factors beyond our control may cause our stock price to decline rapidly and unexpectedly. furthermore, the stock market has experienced extreme volatility that, in some cases, has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report on form 10‐k. the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the year ended december 31, 2017, is included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, within item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and is incorporated by reference herein.
we have included certain terms and abbreviations used throughout this annual report on form 10-k in the "glossary of terms and selected abbreviations."
description of business segments. we operate primarily through three business segments: diagnostic and information management-based products and services for the veterinary market, which we refer to as the companion animal group ("cag"); water quality products ("water"); and diagnostic products and services for livestock and poultry health and to ensure the quality and safety of milk and food, which we refer to as livestock, poultry and dairy ("lpd"). our other operating segment combines and presents products for the human point-of-care medical diagnostics market ("opti medical") with our out-licensing arrangements because they do not meet the quantitative or qualitative thresholds for reportable segments. see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 3. revenue recognition and note 16. segment reporting" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2019, included in this annual report on form 10-k for financial information about our segments, including our product and service categories, and our geographic areas.
certain costs are not allocated to our operating segments and are instead reported under the caption "unallocated amounts". these costs include costs that do not align with one of our existing operating segments or are cost prohibitive to allocate, which primarily consist of our r&d function, regional or country expenses, certain foreign currency revaluation and settlement gains and losses on monetary balances in currencies other than our subsidiaries' functional currency, and unusual items. corporate support function costs (such as information technology, facilities, human resources, finance and legal), health benefits and incentive compensation are charged to our business segments at pre-determined budgeted amounts or rates. differences from these pre-determined budgeted amounts or rates are also captured within unallocated amounts.
the following is a discussion of the strategic and operating factors that we believe have the most significant effect on the performance of our business.
companion animal group our strategy is to provide veterinarians with both the highest quality diagnostic information to support more advanced medical care and information management solutions that help demonstrate the value of diagnostics to pet owners and enable efficient practice management. by doing so, we are able to build a mutually successful relationship with our veterinarian customers based on healthy pets, loyal customers and expanding practice revenues.
cag diagnostics. we provide diagnostic capabilities that meet veterinarians' diverse needs through a variety of modalities including in-clinic diagnostic solutions and outside reference laboratory services. veterinarians that utilize our full line of diagnostic modalities obtain a single view of a patient's diagnostic results, which allows them to track and evaluate trends and achieve greater medical insight.
our diagnostic capabilities generate both recurring and non-recurring revenues. revenues related to capital placements of our in-clinic idexx vetlab suite of instruments and our snap pro analyzer are non-recurring in nature in that they are sold to a particular customer only once. revenues from the associated proprietary idexx vetlab consumables, snap rapid assay test kits, reference laboratory and consulting services, and extended maintenance agreements and accessories related to our idexx vetlab instruments and our snap pro analyzer are recurring in nature, in that they are regularly purchased by our customers, typically as they perform diagnostic testing as part of ongoing veterinary care services. our recurring revenues, most prominently idexx vetlab consumables and rapid assay test kits, have significantly higher gross margins than those provided by our instrument sales. therefore, the mix of recurring and non-recurring revenues in a particular period will impact our gross margins.
diagnostic capital revenue. revenues related to the placement of the idexx vetlab suite of instruments are non-recurring in nature, in that the customer will buy an instrument once over its respective product life cycle, but will purchase consumables for that instrument on a recurring basis as they use that instrument for testing purposes. during the early stage of an instrument's life cycle, we derive relatively greater revenues from instrument placements, while consumable sales become relatively more significant in later stages as the installed base of instruments increases and instrument placement revenues begin to decline. in the early stage of an instrument's life cycle, placements are made primarily through sales transactions. as the market for the product matures, an increasing percentage of placements are made in transactions, sometimes referred to as volume commitments, such as our idexx 360 program, or reagent rentals, in which instruments are placed at customer sites at little or no cost in exchange for a multi-year customer commitment to purchase recurring products and services.
we place our catalyst chemistry analyzers through sales, leases, rental, and other programs. in addition, we continue to place vettest instruments through sales, lease, rental, and other programs, with substantially all of our revenues from that product line currently derived from consumable sales. as of december 31, 2019, our catalyst and vettest chemistry analyzers provided for a combined active installed base of approximately 56,200 units globally, as compared to approximately 50,800 units in 2018 and approximately 47,000 units in 2017. as of december 31, 2019, our premium catalyst chemistry analyzers provided for an active installed base of approximately 43,900 units globally, as compared to approximately 37,000 units in 2018 and approximately 30,000 units in 2017. a majority of our catalyst chemistry analyzer placements were to customers that are new to idexx, including customers who had been using instruments from one of our competitors, sometimes referred to as competitive accounts. generally, placement of an instrument with a new or competitive account has the highest economic value as the entire consumable stream associated with that placement represents incremental recurring revenue, whereas the consumable stream associated with a catalyst placement at a vettest customer substitutes a catalyst consumable stream for a vettest consumable stream. we have found that the consumables revenues increase when a customer upgrades from a vettest analyzer to a catalyst analyzer due to the superior test menu capability, flexibility, and ease of use of the catalyst analyzers, which leads to additional testing by the customer.
as we continue to experience growth in placements of catalyst analyzers and in sales of related consumables, we expect this growth to be partly offset by a decline in placements of vettest analyzers and in sales of related consumables.
the procyte dx analyzer is our latest generation hematology analyzer. in addition, we sell the lasercyte dx and vetautoread analyzers. as of december 31, 2019, these hematology analyzers provided for a combined active installed base of approximately 38,200 units, as compared to 35,900 units in 2018 and 33,400 units in 2017. as of december 31, 2019, our premium procyte dx and lasercyte dx hematology analyzers provided for an active installed base of approximately 31,500 units globally, as compared to approximately 29,000 units in 2018 and approximately 26,000 units in 2017. a majority of our procyte analyzer placements were made to new or competitive accounts. we also continue to place a substantial number of lasercyte dx instruments, both new and recertified, as trade-ups from the vetautoread analyzer and at new and competitive accounts. as we continue to experience growth in placements of procyte dx analyzers and in sales of related consumables, we expect this growth to be partly offset by a decline in placements of lasercyte dx and vetautoread analyzers and a decrease in the associated recurring revenue stream.
our sedivue dx instrument was launched in north america early in 2016 and in the u.k. and australia in the fourth quarter of 2016. during 2017, we continued to launch sedivue dx internationally. as of december 31, 2019, our premium sedivue dx analyzers provided for an active installed base of nearly 8,900 units globally, as compared to approximately 6,600 units in 2018 and approximately 4,000 units in 2017. this instrument and single-use consumable system provides a highly accurate way to automate the process of examining urine under a microscope. we provide customers with sedivue dx consumables that are charged upon utilization, which we refer to as pay-per-run, as compared to other instruments where we charge upon shipment of consumables. this new pay-per-run consumable revenue stream is contributing to our continuing growth, however is not currently material relative to idexx's overall revenue.
we seek to enhance the attractiveness and customer loyalty of our snap rapid assay tests, including by providing the snap pro analyzer, which activates snap tests, properly times the run, captures, and saves images of the results and, in conjunction with ivls, records invoice charges in the patient record. beginning in january of 2017, with our proread software, the snap pro analyzer interprets results. these features promote practice efficiency by eliminating manual entry of test results in patient records and also helps ensure that the services are recorded and accurately invoiced. in addition, snap pro analyzer results can be shared with pet owners on the snap pro screen or, in conjunction with ivls, via vetconnect plus. we also sell the snapshot dx, which automatically reads certain snap test results and, in conjunction with ivls, records those results in the electronic medical record. we continue to work on enhancing the functionality of our analyzers to read the results of additional tests from our canine and feline family of rapid assay products.
our long-term success in the continuing growth of our cag recurring diagnostic product and services is dependent upon: growing volumes at existing customers by increasing their utilization of existing and new test offerings, acquiring new customers, maintaining high customer loyalty and retention, our ability to realize modest annual price increases based on our differentiated products and the growing value of our diagnostic offering. we continuously seek opportunities to enhance the care that veterinary professionals give to their patients and clients through supporting the implementation of real-time care testing work flows, which is performing tests and sharing test results with the client at the time of the patient visit. our latest generation of chemistry and hematology instruments demonstrates this commitment by offering enhanced ease of use, faster time to results, broader test menu and connectivity to various information technology platforms that enhance the value of the diagnostic information generated by the instruments. in addition, we provide marketing tools and customer support that help drive efficiencies in veterinary practice processes and allow practices to increase the number of clients they see on a daily basis.
with all of our instrument product lines, we seek to differentiate our products from our competitors' products based on time-to-result, ease-of-use, throughput, breadth of diagnostic menu, flexibility of menu selection, accuracy, reliability, ability to handle compromised samples, analytical capability of diagnostics software, integration with the ivls and vetconnect plus, client communications capabilities, education and training, and superior sales and customer service. our success depends, in part, on our ability to differentiate our products in a way that justifies a premium price.
recurring diagnostic revenue. revenues from our proprietary idexx vetlab consumable products, our snap rapid assay test kits, outside reference laboratory and consulting services, and extended maintenance agreements and accessories related to our cag diagnostics instruments are considered recurring in nature. for the year ended december 31, 2019, recurring diagnostic revenue, which is both highly durable and profitable, accounted for approximately 76% of our consolidated revenue.
our in-clinic diagnostic solutions, consisting of our idexx vetlab consumable products and snap rapid assay test kits, provide real-time reference lab quality diagnostic results for a variety of companion animal diseases and health conditions. our outside reference laboratories provide veterinarians with the benefits of a more comprehensive list of diagnostic tests and access to consultations with board-certified veterinary specialists and pathologists, combined with the benefit of same-day or next-day turnaround times.
we derive substantial revenues and margins from the sale of consumables that are used in idexx vetlab instruments and the multi-year consumable revenue stream is significantly more valuable than the placement of the instrument. our strategy is to increase diagnostic testing within veterinary practices by placing idexx vetlab instruments and increasing instrument utilization of consumables. utilization can increase due to a greater number of patient samples being run or to an increase in the number of tests being run per patient sample. our strategy is to increase both drivers. to increase utilization, we seek to educate veterinarians about best medical practices that emphasize the importance of chemistry, hematology, and urinalysis testing for a variety of diagnostic purposes, as well as by introducing new testing capabilities that were previously not available to veterinarians.
our in-clinic diagnostic solutions also include snap rapid assay tests that address important medical needs for particular diseases prevalent in the companion animal population. we seek to differentiate these tests from those of other in-clinic test providers and reference laboratory diagnostic service providers based on critically important sensitivity and specificity, as demonstrated by peer-reviewed third-party research, as well as overall superior performance and ease of use by providing our customers with combination tests that test a single sample for up to six diseases at once, including the ability to utilize our snap pro analyzer. we further augment our product development and customer service efforts with sales and marketing programs that enhance medical awareness and understanding regarding certain diseases and the importance of diagnostic testing.
we believe approximately half of all diagnostic testing by u.s. veterinarians is provided by outside reference laboratories such as idexx reference laboratories. in certain markets outside the u.s., in-clinic testing may be less prevalent, and an even greater percentage of diagnostic testing is done in reference laboratories. we attempt to differentiate our reference laboratory testing services from those of competitive reference laboratories and competitive in-clinic offerings primarily on the basis of a unique and proprietary test menu, technology employed, quality, turnaround time, customer service and tools such as vetconnect plus that demonstrate the complementary manner in which our laboratory services work with our in-clinic offerings.
profitability in our lab business is supported, in part, by our expanding business scale globally. profit improvements also reflect benefits from price increases and our ability to achieve operational efficiencies. when possible, we utilize core reference laboratories to service samples from other states or countries, expanding our customer reach without an associated expansion in our reference laboratory footprint. new laboratories that we open typically will operate at a loss until testing volumes achieve sufficient scale. acquired laboratories frequently operate less profitably than our existing laboratories and acquired laboratories may not achieve the profitability of our existing laboratory network for several years until we complete the implementation of operating improvements and efficiencies. therefore, in the short term, new and acquired reference laboratories generally will have a negative effect on our operating margin.
recurring reference lab revenue growth is achieved both through increased testing volumes with existing customers and through the acquisition of new customers, net of customer losses. we believe the increased number of customer visits by our sales professionals as a result of the growth in our field sales organization has led to increased reference laboratory opportunities with customers who already use one of our in-clinic diagnostic modalities. in recent years, recurring reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting revenues have also been increased through reference laboratory acquisitions, customer list acquisitions, the opening of new reference laboratories, including laboratories that are co-located with large practice customers, and as a result of our up-front customer loyalty programs and our volume commitment programs. our up-front customer loyalty programs are associated with customer acquisitions and retention and provide incentives to customers in the form of cash payments or idexx points upon entering multi-year contractual agreements to purchase annual minimum amounts of products or services, including reference laboratory services. our volume commitment programs, such as idexx 360, provide customers with a free or discounted instrument or system upon entering into multi-year agreements to purchase annual minimum amounts of products and services.
health monitoring and biological materials testing. we believe the acquisition of the research and diagnostic laboratory business of the college of veterinary medicine from the university of missouri has allowed us to leverage our expertise in veterinary diagnostics and expand our integrated offering of reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services and in-clinic testing solutions in the adjacent bioresearch market.
veterinary software, services and diagnostic imaging systems. our portfolio of practice management offerings is designed to serve the full range of customers within the north american, australian, and european markets. cornerstone, dvmax, idexx animana and idexx neo practice management systems provide superior integrated information solutions, backed by exceptional customer support and education. these practice management systems allow the veterinarian to practice better medicine and achieve the practice's business objectives, including a quality client experience, staff efficiency and practice profitability. we market cornerstone, dvmax and idexx neo practice management systems to customers primarily in north america and australia. we market our idexx animana offering to customers primarily throughout europe.
idexx animana and idexx neo practice management systems are subscription-based saas offerings designed to provide flexible pricing and a durable, recurring revenue stream, while utilizing cloud technology instead of a client server platform. while we continue to develop, sell, and support our licensed-based cornerstone and dvmax software, we are growing our installed base of subscription-based practice management offerings for new customers of idexx practice management systems. we believe that once established, this subscription-based model will provide higher profitability as compared to the historical license-based placements. our cornerstone and dvmax customer base continues to be an important driver of growth through enhanced diagnostic integrations and high value add-on subscription services, such as pet health network pro, petly plans, and credit card processing, and we continue to make investments to enhance the customer experience of all of our license-based software offerings. we also offer rvetlink, a comprehensive referral management solution for specialty care hospitals that streamlines the referral process between primary care and specialty care veterinarians. rvetlink's cloud technology integrates with major specialty hospital management systems, including cornerstone software and dvmax software.
we differentiate our practice management systems through enhanced functionality, ease of use, and embedded integration with in-clinic idexx vetlab instruments and outside reference laboratory test results. our client communication services create more meaningful pet owner experiences through personalized communication. with our smart flow cloud technology, we are able to improve overall patient management through coordination and tracking of every step in a patient workflow. pet health network pro online client communication and education service complements the entire idexx product offering by educating pet owners and building loyalty through engaging the pet owner before, during and after the visit, thereby building client loyalty and driving more patient visits.
our diagnostic imaging systems offer a convenient radiographic solution that provides superior image quality and the ability to share images with clients virtually anywhere. idexx imaging software enables enhanced diagnostic features and streamlined integration with our other products and services. our newest digital radiography systems, the imagevue dr50 digital imaging system enables low-dose radiation image capture without sacrificing clear, high-quality diagnostic images, reducing the risk posed by excess radiation exposure for veterinary professionals. placements of imaging systems are important to the growth of revenue streams that are recurring in nature, including extended maintenance agreements and idexx web pacs, which is our cloud-based saas offering for viewing, accessing, storing, and sharing multi-modality diagnostic images. we derive relatively higher margins from our subscription-based products. idexx web pacs is integrated with cornerstone, idexx neo and idexx vetconnect plus to provide centralized access to diagnostic imaging results alongside patient diagnostic results from any internet connected device.
water our strategy in the water testing business is to develop, manufacture, market and sell proprietary products that test primarily for the presence of microbial contamination in water matrices, including drinking water supplies, with superior performance, supported by exceptional customer service. our customers primarily consist of water utilities, government laboratories and private certified laboratories that highly value strong relationships and customer support. we expect that future growth in this business will be partially dependent on our ability to increase international sales. growth also will be dependent on our ability to enhance and broaden our product line. most water microbiological testing is driven by regulation, and, in many countries, a test may not be used for compliance testing unless it has been approved by the applicable regulatory body and integrated into customers' testing protocols. as a result, we maintain an active regulatory program that involves applying for a growing number of regulatory approvals in a number of countries, primarily in europe. further, we seek to receive regulatory approvals from governing agencies as a means to differentiate our products from the competition.
livestock, poultry and dairy we develop, manufacture, market and sell a broad range of tests and perform services for various livestock diseases and conditions, and have active research and development and in-licensing programs in this area. our strategy is to offer proprietary tests with superior performance characteristics for use in government programs to control or eradicate disease and disease outbreaks and in livestock and poultry producers' disease, reproductive, and herd health and production management programs. disease outbreaks are episodic and unpredictable, and certain diseases that are prevalent at one time may be substantially contained or eradicated at a later time. in response to outbreaks, testing initiatives may lead to exceptional demand for certain products in certain periods. conversely, successful eradication programs may result in significantly decreased demand for certain products. in addition, increases in government funding may lead to increased demand for certain products and budgetary constraints may lead to decreased demand for certain products. as result, the performance in certain sectors of this business can fluctuate.
our strategy in the dairy testing business is to develop, manufacture and sell antibiotic residue and contaminant testing products that satisfy applicable regulatory requirements or dairy processor standards for testing of milk and provide reliable field performance. the manufacture of these testing products leverages the snap platform and production assets that also support our rapid assay business, which also leverages the snap platform. the dairy snap products incorporate customized reagents for antibiotic and contaminant detection. to successfully increase sales of dairy testing products, we believe that we need to increase penetration in dairy processors and develop product line enhancements and extensions. our rapid visual pregnancy test for cattle can detect pregnancy 28 days after breeding. this test provides a quick and accurate identifier using whole blood samples.
the performance of the business is particularly subject to the various risks that are associated with doing business internationally. see "part i, item 1a. risk factors."
other opti medical. our strategy in the opti medical business for the human market is to develop, manufacture, and sell electrolyte and blood gas analyzers and related consumable products for the medical point-of-care diagnostics market worldwide, with a focus on small to mid-sized hospitals. we seek to differentiate our products based on ease of use, convenience, international distribution and service and instrument reliability. similar to our veterinary instruments and consumables strategy, a substantial portion of the revenues from this product line is derived from the sale of consumables for use on the installed base of electrolyte and blood gas analyzers. during the early stage of an instrument's life cycle, relatively greater revenues are derived from instrument placements, while consumable sales become relatively more significant in later stages as the installed base of instruments increases and instrument placement revenues begin to decline. our long-term success in this area of our business is dependent upon new customer acquisition, customer retention and increased customer utilization of existing and new assays introduced on these instruments.
our facility in roswell, georgia develops and manufactures the opti product lines using the same or similar technology to support the electrolyte needs of the veterinary market. we leverage this facility's know-how, intellectual property, and manufacturing capability to continue to expand the menu and instrument capability of the vetstat and catalyst platforms for veterinary applications, while reducing our cost of consumables by leveraging experience and economies of scale.
the performance of the business is particularly subject to the various risks that are associated with doing business internationally. see "part i, item 1a. risk factors."
critical accounting estimates and assumptions the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates. see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note . summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k describes the significant accounting policies used in preparation of these consolidated financial statements.
we believe the following critical accounting estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on reported financial condition and operating performance and involve significant levels of judgment to account for highly uncertain matters or are susceptible to significant change.
revenue recognition see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note . revenue recognition" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2019, included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our revenue recognition policy and criteria for recognizing revenue.
we enter into contracts with multiple performance obligations where customers purchase a combination of idexx products and services. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately requires judgment. we determine the transaction price for a contract based on the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the transferred goods or services. to the extent the transaction price includes variable consideration, such as volume rebates or expected price adjustments, we apply judgment in constraining the estimated variable consideration due to factors that may cause reversal of revenue recognized. we evaluate constraints based on our historical and projected experience with similar customer contracts.
we allocate revenue to each performance obligation in proportion to the relative standalone selling prices and recognize revenue when control of the related goods or services is transferred for each obligation. we utilize the observable standalone selling price when available, which represents the price charged for the performance obligation when sold separately. when standalone selling prices for our products or services are not directly observable we determine the standalone selling prices using relevant information available and apply suitable estimation methods including, but not limited to, the cost plus a margin approach.
our up-front loyalty programs provide customers with incentives in the form of cash payments or idexx points upon entering into multi-year agreements to purchase annual minimum amounts of future products or services. if a customer breaches its agreement, they are required to refund all or a portion of the up-front cash or idexx points, or make other repayments, remedial actions, or both. up-front incentives to customers in the form of cash or idexx points are not made in exchange for distinct goods or services and are capitalized as customer acquisition costs within other current and long-term assets, which are subsequently recognized as a reduction to revenue over the term of the customer agreement. if these up-front incentives are subsequently utilized to purchase instruments, we allocate total consideration, including future committed purchases less up-front incentives and estimates of expected price adjustments, based on relative standalone selling prices to identified performance obligations and recognize instrument revenue and cost at the time of installation and customer acceptance. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases and expected price adjustments related to these multi-year agreements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the amount and timing of revenue recognition and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced other assets and cumulative revenue related to these programs by approximately $1.6 million at december 31, 2019.
our volume commitment programs, such as our idexx 360 program, provide customers with free or discounted instrument or system upon entering into multi-year agreements to purchase annual minimum amounts of products and services. we allocate total consideration, including future committed purchases and expected price adjustments, based on relative standalone selling prices to identified performance obligations and recognize instrument revenue and cost at the time of installation and customer acceptance in advance of billing the customer, which is also when the customer obtains control of the instrument based on legal title transfer. our right to future consideration related to instrument revenue is recorded as a contract asset within other current and long-term assets. the contract asset is transferred to accounts receivable when customers are billed for future products and services over the term of the contract. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases and expected price adjustments related to these multi-year agreements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the amount and timing of revenue recognition and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced contract assets and cumulative revenue related to these programs by approximately $2.2 million at december 31, 2019.
our instrument rebate programs, previously referred to as idexx instrument marketing programs, require an instrument purchase and provide customers the opportunity to earn future rebates based on the volume of products and services they purchase over the term of the program. we account for the customer's right to earn rebates on future purchases as a separate performance obligation and determine the standalone selling price based on an estimate of rebates the customer will earn over the term of the program. total consideration allocated to identified performance obligations is limited to goods and services that the customer is presently obligated to purchase and does not include estimates of future purchases that are optional. we allocate total consideration to identified performance obligations, including a customer's right to earn rebates on future purchases, which is deferred and recognized upon the purchase of future products and services, offsetting future rebates as they are earned. we estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer rebates related to these multi-year agreements. differences between estimated and actual customer rebates may impact the amount and timing of revenue recognition and a 10% change in these estimates would have increased or reduced deferred revenue and cumulative revenue related to these programs by approximately $2.4 million at december 31, 2019.
future market conditions and changes in product offerings may cause us to change marketing strategies to increase or decrease customer incentive offerings, possibly resulting in incremental reductions of revenue in future periods as compared to reductions in the current or prior periods. additionally, certain customer programs require us to estimate, based on historical experience, and apply judgment to predict the amounts of future customer purchases, customer rebates and other incentive payments, and price adjustments related to multi-year agreements. differences between estimated and actual customer purchases may impact the amount and timing of revenue recognition as described above.
valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets a significant portion of the purchase price for acquired businesses is generally assigned to intangible assets. intangible assets other than goodwill are initially valued at fair value. if a quoted price in an active market for the identical asset is not readily available at the measurement date, the fair value of the intangible asset is estimated based on discounted cash flows using market participant assumptions, which are assumptions that are not specific to idexx. the selection of appropriate valuation methodologies and the estimation of discounted cash flows require significant assumptions about the timing and amounts of future cash flows, risks, appropriate discount rates, and the useful lives of intangible assets. when material, we utilize independent valuation experts to advise and assist us in determining the fair values of the identified intangible assets acquired in connection with a business acquisition and in determining appropriate amortization methods and periods for those intangible assets. goodwill is initially valued based on the excess of the purchase price of a business combination over the fair value of acquired net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.
we assess goodwill for impairment annually, at the reporting unit level, in the fourth quarter and whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may exist. an impairment charge is recorded for the amount, if any, by which the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. our reporting units are the individual product and service categories that comprise our cag operating segment, our water and lpd operating segments and goodwill remaining from the restructuring of our pharmaceutical business in the fourth quarter of 2008. a substantial portion of the goodwill remaining from the pharmaceutical business, included in our "other segment", is associated with intellectual property that has been, or that we expect to be, licensed to third parties. realization of this goodwill is dependent upon the success of those third parties in developing and commercializing products, which will result in our receipt of royalties and other payments.
as part of our goodwill testing process, we evaluate factors specific to a reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors that are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the fair value of a reporting unit. examples of the factors considered in assessing the fair value of a reporting unit include: the results of the most recent impairment test, the competitive environment, the regulatory environment, anticipated changes in product or labor costs, revenue growth trends, the consistency of operating margins and cash flows and current and long-range financial forecasts. the long-range financial forecasts of the reporting units, which are based upon management's long-term view of our markets, are used by senior management and the board of directors to evaluate operating performance.
in the fourth quarters of 2019 and 2018, we elected to bypass the qualitative approach that allows the assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount and instead proceeded directly to assessing the fair value of all of our reporting units and comparing the fair value of to the carrying value to determine if any impairment is necessary.
we estimate the fair values of applicable reporting units using an income approach based on discounted forecasted cash flows. we make significant assumptions about the extent and timing of future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. model assumptions are based on our projections and best estimates, using appropriate and customary market participant assumptions. in addition, we make certain assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to individual reporting units in determining the carrying value of each reporting unit. to validate the reasonableness of our reporting units' estimated fair values, we reconcile the aggregate fair values of our reporting units to our total market capitalization. valuation assumptions reflect our projections and best estimates, based on significant assumptions about the extent and timing of future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates.
we maintain approximately $6.5 million of goodwill associated with our remaining pharmaceutical intellectual property, out-licensing arrangements, and certain retained drug delivery technologies (collectively "pharmaceutical activities") that we seek to commercialize through arrangements with third parties. currently, our primary support for the carrying value of this goodwill is royalty revenue associated with the commercialization of certain intellectual property. there is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain or increase revenues from our remaining pharmaceutical activities. the results of our goodwill impairment test for these pharmaceutical activities indicate an excess of estimated fair value over the carrying amount of this reporting unit by approximately $4.7 million and 71% of the reporting unit's carrying value. excluding these pharmaceutical activities, the results of our goodwill impairment test indicate an excess of estimated fair value over the carrying amount for each of our reporting units with a minimum of 217% and an average of approximately 1,060%.
while we believe that the assumptions used to determine the estimated fair values of each of our reporting units are reasonable, a change in assumptions underlying these estimates could result in a material negative effect on the estimated fair value of the reporting units. our fair value estimate assumes the achievement of future financial results contemplated in our forecasted cash flows, and there can be no assurance that we will realize that value. we use forecasts to estimate future cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlooks for our reporting units. actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. the discount rate is based on a weighted average cost of capital derived from industry peers. changes in market conditions, interest rates, growth rates, tax rates, costs, pricing, or the discount rate would affect the estimated fair values of our reporting units and could result in a goodwill impairment charge in a future period. no goodwill impairments were identified during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
a prolonged economic downturn in the u.s. or internationally resulting in lower long-term growth rates and reduced long-term profitability may reduce the fair value of our reporting units. industry specific events or circumstances could have a negative impact on our reporting units and may also reduce the fair value of our reporting units. should such events occur, and it becomes more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value has fallen below its carrying value, we will perform an interim goodwill impairment test, in addition to the annual impairment test. future impairment tests may result in an impairment of goodwill, depending on the outcome of future impairment tests. an impairment of goodwill would be reported as a non-cash charge to earnings.
we assess the realizability of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. if an impairment review is triggered, we evaluate the carrying value of intangible assets, other than goodwill, based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows over the remaining useful life of the primary asset of the asset group and compare that value to the carrying value of the asset group. the cash flows that are used contain our best estimates, using appropriate and customary assumptions and projections at the time. if the net carrying value of an intangible asset exceeds the related estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment to adjust the intangible asset to its fair value would be reported as a non-cash charge to earnings. if necessary, we would calculate the fair value of an intangible asset using the present value of the estimated future cash flows to be generated by the intangible asset and applying a risk-adjusted discount rate.
we had no impairments of our intangible assets during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
share-based compensation our share-based compensation programs provide for grants of stock options, restricted stock units and deferred stock units, along with the issuance of employee stock purchase rights. the total fair value of future awards may vary significantly from past awards based on a number of factors, including our share-based award practices. therefore, share-based compensation expense is likely to fluctuate, possibly significantly, from year to year.
we use the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model to determine the fair value of options granted. option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, particularly for the expected stock price volatility and the expected term of options. the risk-free interest rate is based on the u.s. treasury yield for a duration similar to the expected term at the date of grant. we have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we have no intention to pay a dividend at this time; therefore, we assume that no dividends will be paid over the expected terms of option awards. we determine the assumptions to be used in the valuation of option grants as of the date of grant. as such, we use different assumptions during the year if we grant options at different dates. substantially all our options granted during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were granted in the first quarter of each year. the weighted average of each of the valuation assumptions used to determine the fair value of each option grant during each of the previous three years is as follows:
for the years ended december 31,
2019                 2018                 2017
expected stock price volatility         26      %            24      %            26      %
expected term, in years (1)            6.0                  5.8                  5.8
risk-free interest rate                2.4      %           2.7      %           2.0      %
(1)   options granted have a contractual term of ten years.
changes in these subjective assumptions, particularly for the expected stock price volatility and the expected term of options, can materially affect the fair value estimate. our expected stock price volatility assumption is based on the historical volatility of our stock over a period similar to the expected term and other relevant factors. higher estimated volatility increases the fair value of a stock option, while lower estimated volatility has the opposite effect. the total fair value of stock options granted during the year ended december 31, 2019, was $23.1 million. if the weighted average of the stock price volatility assumption was increased or decreased by 5%, the total fair value of stock options awarded during the year ended december 31, 2019, would have increased or decreased by approximately $3.3 million and the total expense recognized for the year ended december 31, 2019, for options awarded during the same period would have increased or decreased by approximately $0.6 million.
we derive the expected term assumption for stock options based on historical experience and other relevant factors concerning expected behavior with regard to option exercises. the expected term is determined using a consistent method at each grant date. a longer expected term assumption increases the fair value of stock option awards, while a shorter expected term assumption has the opposite effect. if the weighted average of the expected term was increased or decreased by one year, the total fair value of stock options awarded during the year ended december 31, 2019, would have increased or decreased by approximately $2.1 million, and the total expense recognized for the year ended december 31, 2019, for options awarded during 2019 would have increased or decreased by approximately $0.4 million.
for a significant majority of our awards, share-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which ranges from one to five years, depending on the award. share-based compensation expense is recognized on a grade-vesting methodology for performance-based restricted stock units. share-based compensation expense is based on the number of awards expected to vest and is, therefore, reduced for an estimate of the number of awards that are expected to be forfeited. the forfeiture estimates are based on historical data and other factors; share-based compensation expense is adjusted annually for actual results. total share-based compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2019, was $39.3 million, which is net of a reduction of approximately $3.7 million for actual and estimated forfeitures. fluctuations in our overall employee turnover rate may result in changes in estimated forfeiture rates and differences between estimated forfeiture rates and actual experience and, therefore could have a significant unanticipated impact on share-based compensation expense.
modifications of the terms of outstanding awards may result in significant increases or decreases in share-based compensation. during the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered a mutual separation agreement with our former ceo, pursuant to which his outstanding stock options were modified, which resulted in $10.9 million of share-based compensation expense in the quarter related to the acceleration and revaluation of his stock options. there were no material modifications to the terms of outstanding options, restricted stock units or deferred stock units during 2018 or 2017.
46
the fair value of stock options, restricted stock units, deferred stock units and employee stock purchase rights issued totaled $42.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, $34.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, and $31.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, for unvested share-based compensation awards outstanding at december 31, 2019, was $50.1 million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.7 years.
income taxes the provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. under this approach, deferred taxes represent the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between book and tax treatment of assets and liabilities and carryforwards to the extent they are realizable.
on a quarterly basis, we assess our current and projected earnings by jurisdiction to determine whether or not our earnings during the periods when the temporary differences become deductible will be sufficient to realize the related future tax benefits. should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in a particular jurisdiction in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period such determination was made.
for those jurisdictions where tax carryforwards are likely to expire unused or the projected operating results indicate that realization is not more likely than not, a valuation allowance is recorded to offset the deferred tax asset within that jurisdiction. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event that we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount, a reduction of the valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made. likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future, a reduction to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period such determination was made.
our net taxable temporary differences and tax carryforwards are recorded using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods in which the deferred tax liability or asset is expected to be settled or realized. should the expected applicable tax rates change in the future, an adjustment to our deferred taxes would be credited or charged, as appropriate, to income in the period such determination was made.
we periodically assess our exposures related to our worldwide provision for income taxes and believe that we have appropriately accrued taxes for contingencies. any reduction of these contingent liabilities or additional assessment would increase or decrease income, respectively, in the period such determination was made.
we record a liability for uncertain tax positions that do not meet the more likely than not standard as prescribed by the authoritative guidance for income tax accounting. we record tax benefits for only those positions that we believe will more likely than not be sustained. for positions that we believe that it is more likely than not that we will prevail, we record a benefit considering the amounts and probabilities that could be realized upon ultimate settlement. if our judgment as to the likely resolution of the uncertainty changes, if the uncertainty is ultimately settled or if the statute of limitation related to the uncertainty expires, the effects of the change would be recognized in the period in which the change, resolution or expiration occurs. our net liability for uncertain tax positions was $29.7 million as of december 31, 2019, and $26.0 million as of december 31, 2018, which includes estimated interest expense and penalties. see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13. income taxes" in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
recent accounting pronouncements in addition to the impacts from new accounting pronouncements included above, see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 2. summary of significant accounting policies (v) and (w)" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2019, included in this annual report on form 10-k for a complete discussion of recent accounting pronouncements adopted and not adopted.
environmental, social and governance our purpose is to be a great company that creates exceptional long-term value for our customers, employees, and stockholders by enhancing the health and well-being of pets, people, and livestock. corporate responsibility is core to idexx culture and is reflected in our environmental, social and governance ("esg") performance across the company. we prioritize
47
community investments and partnerships that are aligned with our purpose, conduct ourselves with the highest ethical standards and demonstrate environmental responsibility in our facilities and operations. our corporate responsibility report is available on our website and features examples of our esg activities and performance metrics.
results of operations and trends effects of certain factors on results of operations distributor purchasing and inventories. when selling our products through distributors, changes in distributors' inventory levels can impact our reported sales, and these changes may be affected by many factors, which may not be directly related to underlying demand for our products by veterinary practices, which are the end users. if during the current year, distributors' inventories grew by less than those inventories grew in the comparable period of the prior year, then changes in distributors' inventories would have an unfavorable impact on our reported sales growth in the current period. conversely, if during the current year, distributors' inventories grew by more than those inventories grew in the comparable period of the prior year, then changes in distributors' inventories would have a favorable impact on our reported sales growth in the current period.
in certain countries, we sell our products through third-party distributors and may be unable to obtain data for sales to end users. we do not believe the impact of changes in these distributors' inventories had or would have a material impact on our growth rates. see "part i, item 1. business, marketing and distribution" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding distribution channels.
currency impact. for the year ended december 31, 2019, approximately 22% of our consolidated revenue was derived from products manufactured or sourced in u.s. dollars and sold internationally in local currencies, as compared to 22% and 21% for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. strengthening of the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies has a negative impact on our revenues derived in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and on profits of products manufactured or purchased in u.s. dollars and sold internationally, and a weakening of the u.s. dollar has the opposite effect. similarly, to the extent that the u.s. dollar is stronger in current or future periods relative to the exchange rates in effect in the corresponding prior periods, our growth rate will be negatively affected. the impact of foreign currency denominated operating expenses and foreign currency denominated supply contracts partly offsets this exposure. additionally, our designated hedges of intercompany inventory purchases and sales help delay the impact of certain exchange rate fluctuations on non-u.s. denominated revenues. see "part ii, item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding currency impact. our future income tax expense could also be affected by changes in the mix of earnings, including as a result of changes in the rate of exchange for the u.s. dollar relative to currencies in countries with differing statutory tax rates. see "part i, item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding tax impacts.
effects of economic conditions. pet owners generally pay cash out of pocket for health care services for their pets from veterinary practices. demand for our products and services is vulnerable to changes in the economic environment, including slow economic growth, high unemployment, and credit availability. negative or cautious consumer sentiment can lead to reduced or delayed consumer spending, resulting in a decreased number of patient visits to veterinary clinics. unfavorable economic conditions can impact sales of instruments, diagnostic imaging and practice management systems, which are larger capital purchases for veterinarians. additionally, economic turmoil can cause our customers to remain sensitive to the pricing of our products and services. in the u.s., we monitor patient visits and clinic revenue data provided by a subset of our cag customers. although this data is a limited sample and susceptible to short-term impacts such as weather, which may affect the number of patient visits in a given period, we believe that this data provides a fair and meaningful long-term representation of the trend in patient visit activity in the u.s., providing us insight regarding demand for our products and services.
economic conditions can also affect the purchasing decisions of our water and lpd business customers. water testing volumes may be susceptible to declines in discretionary testing for existing home and commercial sales and in mandated testing as a result of decreases in home and commercial construction. testing volumes may also be impacted by severe weather conditions such as drought. in addition, fiscal difficulties can also reduce government funding for water and herd health screening services.
we believe that the diversity of our products and services and the geographic diversity of our markets partially mitigate the potential effects of the economic environment and negative consumer sentiment on our revenue growth rates.
effects of patent expiration. although we have several patents and licenses of patents and technologies from third parties that expired during 2019, and several that are expected to expire in 2020 and beyond, the expiration of these patents or licenses, individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material effect on our financial position or future operations due to a range of factors as described in "part i, item 1. business, patents and licenses".
non-gaap financial measures. the following revenue analysis and discussion focuses on organic revenue growth, and references in this analysis and discussion to "revenue," "revenues" or "revenue growth" are references to "organic revenue growth." organic revenue growth is a non-gaap financial measure and represents the percentage change in revenue during the current year, as compared to the same period for the prior year, net of the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, certain business acquisitions, and divestitures. organic revenue growth should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for, or as a superior measure to, revenues reported in accordance with u.s. gaap, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. management believes that reporting organic revenue growth provides useful information to investors by facilitating easier comparisons of our revenue performance with prior and future periods and to the performance of our peers.
we exclude from organic revenue growth the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates because changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not under management's control, are subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends. we calculate the impact on revenue resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by applying the difference between the weighted average exchange rates during the current year period and the comparable prior year period to foreign currency denominated revenues for the prior year period.
we also exclude from organic revenue growth the effect of certain business acquisitions and divestitures because the nature, size and number of these transactions can vary dramatically from period to period, and because they either require or generate cash as an inherent consequence of the transaction, and therefore can also obscure underlying business and operating trends. we consider acquisitions to be a business when all three elements of inputs, processes and outputs are present, consistent with asu 2017-01, "business combinations: (topic 805) clarifying the definition of a business." in a business combination, if substantially all the fair value of the assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets, we do not consider these assets to be a business. a typical acquisition that we do not consider a business is a customer list asset acquisition, which does not have all elements necessary to operate a business, such as employees or infrastructure. we believe the efforts required to convert and retain these acquired customers are similar in nature to our existing customer base and therefore are included in organic revenue growth.
we also use adjusted ebitda, gross debt, net debt, gross debt to adjusted ebitda ratio and net debt to adjusted ebitda ratio, all of which are non-gaap financial measures that should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for, financial measures presented according to u.s. gaap. management believes that reporting these non-gaap financial measures provides supplemental analysis to help investors further evaluate our business performance and available borrowing capacity under our credit facility.
executive officers and directors. as reported previously, effective october 23, 2019, our board of directors (our "board") appointed jonathan (jay) mazelsky as our president and chief executive officer and as a director of the company. mr. mazelsky had been serving as our interim president and chief executive officer since june 28, 2019. prior to that time, since august 2012, mr. mazelsky had been an executive vice president of the company. in addition, effective november 1, 2019, lawrence d. kingsley, a company director since october 2016 and lead independent director since may 2018, was appointed as independent non-executive chairman of our board. also, effective november 1, 2019, jonathan w. ayers, our chairman and former president and chief executive officer, who had been on a medical leave of absence since june 28, 2019, stepped down as chairman of our board, ceased to be an employee of the company and transitioned to the role of external senior advisor to the company. mr. ayers continues to serve as a member of our board. while we cannot provide assurances as to whether we may experience management or other challenges in connection with our leadership transition that could adversely affect our future success, we believe that under the leadership of mr. mazelsky as president and chief executive officer and mr. kingsley as independent non-executive chairman, we will continue to successfully execute our strategy and create long-term value for shareholders, customers, and employees.
in connection with the foregoing, mr. ayers and idexx entered into a mutual separation agreement pursuant to which severance payments will be made to mr. ayers, in accordance with the terms of his pre-existing employment agreement, and his outstanding stock options were modified. as a result of his severance payments and the modification of mr. ayers's outstanding stock options, we recognized a charge to operating income of approximately $13.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, representing the cost of the severance and an acceleration of the cost of the equity awards, which was offset by a reduction to our provision for income taxes of approximately $1.2 million, resulting in a total charge to net income of approximately $12.2
million, net of tax impacts. this total charge to net income is less than our previously communicated expectation of approximately $15.5 million, as a result of finalizing our income tax provision.
comparisons to prior periods. our fiscal years end on december 31. unless otherwise stated, the analysis and discussion of our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, including references to growth and organic growth and increases and decreases, are being compared to the equivalent prior year period.
twelve months ended december 31, 2019, compared to twelve months ended december 31, 2018
total company the following table presents revenue by operating segment by u.s. markets and non-u.s., or international markets:
for the years ended december 31, net revenue (dollars in thousands)   2019                       2018                                   dollar change          reported revenue growth (1)     percentage change from currency       percentage change from acquisitions             organic revenue growth (1)
cag                                         $2,119,183                    $1,935,428                 $183,755                         9.5               %              (1.5   %)                                  0.2   %                                 10.8               %
united states                                1,410,278                     1,277,146                  133,132                        10.4               %                 -                                       0.3   %                                 10.1               %
international                                  708,905                       658,282                   50,623                         7.7               %              (4.6   %)                    -                                                     12.2               %
water                                          132,850                       125,198                    7,652                         6.1               %              (2.6   %)                    -                                                      8.7               %
united states                                   62,673                        58,774                    3,899                         6.6               %                 -                         -                                                      6.6               %
international                                   70,177                        66,424                    3,753                         5.7               %              (4.9   %)                    -                                                     10.6               %
lpd                                            132,635                       130,581                    2,054                         1.6               %              (4.2   %)                    -                                                      5.8               %
united states                                   14,230                        13,932                      298                         2.1               %                 -                         -                                                      2.1               %
international                                  118,405                       116,649                    1,756                         1.5               %              (4.7   %)                    -                                                      6.2               %
other                                           22,240                        22,035                      205                         0.9               %                 -                         -                                                      0.9               %
total company                               $2,406,908                    $2,213,242                 $193,666                         8.8               %              (1.8   %)                                  0.2   %                                 10.3               %
united states                                1,495,516                     1,357,909                  137,607                        10.1               %                 -                                       0.3   %                                  9.8               %
international                                  911,392                       855,333                   56,059                         6.6               %              (4.6   %)                    -                                                     11.1               %
(1)   reported revenue growth and organic revenue growth may not recalculate due to rounding.
total company revenue. the increase in both u.s. and international organic revenues was driven by strong volume gains in cag diagnostics recurring revenue, supported by our differentiated diagnostic technologies and expanded commercial organization that are driving increased volumes from new and existing customers in our reference laboratory business. we also had high growth in consumable revenues, supported by the impact of the continued expansion of our cag diagnostics instrument installed base globally. our water business also contributed to our overall growth, primarily from higher sales volumes of our colilert test products and related accessories. our lpd business growth was primarily due to increased demand for african swine fever testing programs and diagnostic testing for alternative food sources, including poultry, which more than offset lower recurring swine testing in china, as well as increased herd health screening. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue by 1.8%.
51
the following table presents our total company results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                  change total company - results of operations(dollars in thousands)   2019                             percent of revenue   2018                              percent of revenue             amount           percentage revenues                                                             $2,406,908                                             $2,213,242                                        $193,666               8.8       %
cost of revenue                                                       1,041,359                                                971,700                                          69,659               7.2       %
gross profit                                                          1,365,549                  56.7           %            1,241,542                  56.1           %       124,007              10.0       %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                                                     418,193                  17.4           %              387,406                  17.5           %        30,787               7.9       %
general and administrative                                              261,317                  10.9           %              244,938                  11.1           %        16,379               6.7       %
research and development                                                133,193                   5.5           %              117,863                   5.3           %        15,330              13.0       %
total operating expenses                                                812,703                  33.8           %              750,207                  33.9           %        62,496               8.3       %
income from operations                                                 $552,846                  23.0           %             $491,335                  22.2           %       $61,511              12.5       %
gross profit. the total company gross profit increase was due to higher sales volumes and a 60 basis point increase in the gross profit margin. the increase in the gross profit margin was driven by mix benefits from high growth in idexx vetlab consumable revenues, volume leverage, the favorable impact of lower product costs in our cag business, as well as the net benefit of price increases in our cag diagnostics recurring revenue portfolio and water business. the impact from foreign currency movements increased the gross profit margin by approximately 20 basis points, including the impact of hedge gains in the current year, as compared to hedge losses in the prior year.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense increased approximately 10%, excluding the impact of foreign currency, primarily due to increased personnel-related costs as we continue to invest in and grow our global commercial infrastructure. general and administrative expense increased approximately 9%, excluding the impact of foreign currency, primarily from higher personnel-related costs, including costs associated with the separation agreement of our former ceo, partially offset by the benefits of cost control initiatives across our business segments. research and development expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs, with an immaterial impact from foreign currency. the overall change in currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in operating expenses of approximately 2%, including lower foreign exchange losses on settlements of foreign currency denominated transactions recorded within unallocated amounts.
companion animal group the following table presents revenue by product and service category for cag: ໿
for the years ended december 31, net revenue(dollars in thousands)                              2019                       2018                               dollar change          reported revenue growth (1)     percentage change from currency         percentage change from acquisitions           organic revenue growth (1)
cag diagnostics recurring revenue:                                    $1,828,329                    $1,654,530             $173,799                        10.5               %              (1.6   %)                                  0.2   %                                 11.9               %
idexx vetlab consumables                                                 693,360                       617,237               76,123                        12.3               %              (2.0   %)                                    -                                     14.3               %
rapid assay products                                                     232,149                       217,541               14,608                         6.7               %              (0.8   %)                                    -                                      7.6               %
reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services                  822,497                       746,794               75,703                        10.1               %              (1.5   %)                                  0.4   %                                 11.2               %
cag diagnostics services and accessories                                  80,323                        72,958                7,365                        10.1               %              (1.9   %)                                    -                                     12.0               %
cag diagnostics capital - instruments                                    132,685                       134,264               (1,579      )                 (1.2              %)              (2.0   %)                                    -                                      0.9               %
veterinary software, services and diagnostic imaging systems             158,169                       146,634               11,535                         7.9               %              (0.3   %)                                  0.9   %                                  7.3               %
net cag revenue                                                       $2,119,183                    $1,935,428             $183,755                         9.5               %              (1.5   %)                                  0.2   %                                 10.8               %
(1)   reported revenue growth and organic revenue growth may not recalculate due to rounding.
cag diagnostics recurring revenue. the increase in cag diagnostics recurring revenue was primarily due to increased volumes in idexx vetlab consumables and reference laboratory diagnostic services, and to a lesser extent, higher realized prices.
the increase in idexx vetlab consumables revenue was primarily due to higher sales volumes across all regions for our catalyst consumables, and to a lesser extent, procyte dx consumables. these increases were supported by an expansion of our instruments installed base, growth in testing by new and existing customers, our expanded menu of available tests, and to a lesser extent, benefits from higher average unit sales prices.
the increase in rapid assay revenue resulted from higher sales volumes across our snap product portfolio, driven by snap® 4dx plus tests, and to a lesser extent, higher average unit sales prices.
the increase in reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services revenue was primarily due to the impact of higher testing volumes throughout our worldwide network of laboratories, most prominently in the u.s., resulting from increased testing from new and existing customers, supported by our differentiated diagnostic technologies, such as idexx sdmatm and fecal antigen testing, and to a lesser extent, higher average unit sales prices.
cag diagnostic services and accessories revenue growth was primarily a result of the increase in our active installed base of instruments.
cag diagnostics capital - instruments revenue. the decrease in cag diagnostics capital instrument revenue reflects the impact of foreign currency movements, which reduced revenues 2.0%. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, our revenues increased slightly, primarily due to higher catalyst and procyte instrument placements, partially offset by product mix, including lower sedivue dx placements compared to high prior year levels, as well as the lower allocated revenue per unit on our idexx vetlab instruments related to increased international placements under our customer volume commitment programs.
veterinary software, services, and diagnostic imaging systems revenue. the increase in revenue was primarily due to increased veterinary software and hardware upgrades, subscription-based services, as well as higher realized prices on these service offerings, and to a lesser extent, higher diagnostic imaging services as a result of the increase in our active installed base. these increases were partially offset by lower allocated revenue per unit on our diagnostic imaging systems related to increased placements under volume commitment programs. our acquisition of a software company in the second half of 2018 contributed 0.9% to reported revenue growth.
the following table presents the cag segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                  change results of operations        2019                             percent of revenue   2018                              percent of revenue             amount           percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                            $2,119,183                                             $1,935,428                                        $183,755               9.5       %
cost of revenue                        938,423                                                868,919                                          69,504               8.0       %
gross profit                         1,180,760                  55.7           %            1,066,509                  55.1           %       114,251              10.7       %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                    378,302                  17.9           %              345,737                  17.9           %        32,565               9.4       %
general and administrative             212,794                  10.0           %              204,425                  10.6           %         8,369               4.1       %
research and development                98,062                   4.6           %               86,864                   4.5           %        11,198              12.9       %
total operating expenses               689,158                  32.5           %              637,026                  32.9           %        52,132               8.2       %
income from operations                $491,602                  23.2           %             $429,483                  22.2           %       $62,119              14.5       %
gross profit. gross profit increased primarily due to higher sales volumes, as well as a 60 basis point increase in the gross profit margin. the increase in gross profit margin was driven by mix benefits from high growth in idexx vetlab consumable revenues, volume leverage, lower product costs, as well as the benefit of price increases in our cag diagnostics recurring revenue portfolio, partially offset by incremental investments in reference laboratory capacity and software services field resources. the impact from foreign currency movements increased the gross profit margin by approximately 10 basis points, including the impact of hedge gains in the current year, compared to hedge losses in the prior year.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expenses increased approximately 11%, excluding the impact of foreign currency, primarily due to increased personnel-related costs as we continue to invest in our global commercial infrastructure. general and administrative costs increased 5%, excluding the impact of foreign currency, primarily from higher personnel-related costs. the increase in research and development expense was primarily due to increased personnel-related costs, with an immaterial impact from foreign currency. the overall change in currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in operating expenses of approximately 1%.
54
water the following table presents the water segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                    change results of operations        2019                           percent of revenue   2018                            percent of revenue               amount           percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                            $132,850                                             $125,198                                            $7,652               6.1       %
cost of revenue                       36,915                                               37,106                                              (191    )         (0.5      %)
gross profit                          95,935                  72.2           %             88,092                  70.4           %           7,843               8.9       %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                   15,980                  12.0           %             15,900                  12.7           %              80               0.5       %
general and administrative            13,388                  10.1           %             13,005                  10.4           %             383               2.9       %
research and development               4,132                   3.1           %              2,580                   2.1           %           1,552              60.2       %
total operating expenses              33,500                  25.2           %             31,485                  25.1           %           2,015               6.4       %
income from operations               $62,435                  47.0           %            $56,607                  45.2           %          $5,828              10.3       %
revenue. the increase in revenue was attributable to the benefit of price increases and higher sales volumes of our colilert test products and related accessories, used in coliform and e. coli testing, including strong volume growth across all regions including the u.s. the impact of currency movements decreased revenue by approximately 2.6%.
gross profit. gross profit for water increased due to higher sales volumes as well as a 180 basis point increase in the gross profit margin. foreign currency movements increased the gross profit margin by approximately 70 basis points, including the impact of hedge gains in the current year, as compared to hedge losses in the prior year. the remaining increase in the gross profit margin was primarily due to the net benefit of price increases, partially offset by higher distribution costs.
operating expenses. while both sales and marketing and research and development expenses had higher personnel-related costs, the limited increase in sales and marketing expense and significant increase in research and development expense were primarily due to the realignment of certain personnel within operating expense categories. general and administrative expense increased primarily due to higher personnel-related costs. the overall change in currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in operating expenses of approximately 2%.
55
livestock, poultry and dairy the following table presents the lpd segment results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                    change results of operations        2019                           percent of revenue   2018                            percent of revenue               amount           percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                            $132,635                                             $130,581                                            $2,054               1.6       %
cost of revenue                       54,145                                               55,621                                            (1,476    )         (2.7      %)
gross profit                          78,490                  59.2           %             74,960                  57.4           %           3,530               4.7       %
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                   22,808                  17.2           %             24,594                  18.8           %          (1,786    )         (7.3      %)
general and administrative            17,651                  13.3           %             19,159                  14.7           %          (1,508    )         (7.9      %)
research and development              12,657                   9.5           %             11,795                   9.0           %   862                         7.3       %
total operating expenses              53,116                  40.0           %             55,548                  42.5           %          (2,432    )         (4.4      %)
income from operations               $25,374                  19.1           %            $19,412                  14.9           %          $5,962              30.7       %
revenue. overall lpd revenue increased despite the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements which decreased revenue 4.2%. the prolonged outbreak of african swine fever in asia, which began in august 2018, continues to negatively impact the swine population in china; however demand for new diagnostic testing programs has increased and diagnostic testing for alternative food sources has also increased, including poultry, which more than offset the lower recurring swine testing volumes in china. revenue growth for the year also benefited from increased herd health screening, partially offset by lower bovine testing, primarily in europe.
gross profit. the increase in lpd gross profit was due to higher sales volume and a 180 basis point increase in the gross profit margin. the impact from foreign currency movements increased the gross profit margin by approximately 130 basis points, including the impact of hedges. the remaining increase in the gross profit margin was driven by favorable product mix from higher herd health screening.
operating expenses. sales and marketing expense decreased primarily due to lower personnel-related costs, including cost control initiatives. general and administrative expense decreased primarily due to lower third-party services. research and development expense increased primarily due to increased personnel-related costs. the overall change in currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in operating expense of approximately 2%.
56
other the following table presents the other results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                    change results of operations        2019                         percent of revenue                  2018           percent of revenue               amount           percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                           $22,240                                            $22,035                                              $205               0.9       %
cost of revenue                     12,154                                             11,785                                               369               3.1       %
gross profit                        10,086                  45.4           %           10,250                  46.5           %            (164    )         (1.6      %)
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                  1,366                   6.1           %            1,806                   8.2           %            (440    )        (24.4      %)
general and administrative           1,991                   9.0           %            3,741                  17.0           %          (1,750    )        (46.8      %)
research and development             1,789                   8.0           %              974                   4.4           %             815              83.7       %
total operating expenses             5,146                  23.1           %            6,521                  29.6           %          (1,375    )        (21.1      %)
income from operations              $4,940                  22.2           %           $3,729                  16.9           %          $1,211              32.5       %
໿
revenue. the increase in other revenues was due to higher royalties associated with intellectual property related to our former pharmaceutical product line, partially offset by lower volumes of our opti medical products and services. the impact of foreign currency movements on revenue was immaterial.
gross profit. gross profit for other decreased due to a 110 basis point decrease in the gross profit margin primarily due to higher opti medical service costs, partially offset by lower product costs, as well as mix benefits from increased royalties. the overall change in currency exchange rates had an immaterial impact on the gross profit margin.
operating expenses. the decrease in sales and marketing was primarily due to lower personnel costs. the decrease in general and administrative cost was primarily due to the recovery of previously established bad debt reserves in africa and the middle east. the increase in research and development cost was primarily due to higher personnel-related and project costs.
57
unallocated amounts we estimate certain personnel-related costs and allocate these budgeted expenses to the operating segments. this allocation differs from actual expense and consequently yields a difference that is reported under the caption "unallocated amounts."
the following table presents the unallocated amounts results of operations:
for the years ended december 31,                                      change results of operations                        2019        percent of revenue   2018                         percent of revenue                 amount           percentage
(dollars in thousands)
revenues                                  $-                                                $-                                               $-               n/a cost of revenue                         (278    )                                       (1,731    )                                       1,453             (83.9      %)
gross profit                             278                                             1,731                                           (1,453    )        (83.9      %)
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                     (263    )                                         (631    )                                         368             (58.3      %)
general and administrative            15,493                                             4,608                                           10,885             236.2       %
research and development              16,553                                            15,650                                              903               5.8       %
total operating expenses              31,783                                            19,627                                           12,156              61.9       %
income from operations              $(31,505    )                                     $(17,896    )                                    $(13,609    )         76.0       %
unallocated amounts. the change in unallocated amounts was primarily due to our ceo transition costs of $13.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 and higher other unallocated employee incentive costs, partially offset by lower foreign exchange losses on settlements of foreign currency denominated transactions, lower unallocated employee benefit costs, and lower unallocated corporate function and research and development costs.
non-operating items interest income. interest income was $0.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to $1.2 million for the same period in the prior year. the decrease in interest income was primarily due to the liquidation of our portfolio of marketable securities during the first quarter of 2018.
interest expense. interest expense was $31.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to $34.7 million for the prior year. the decrease in interest expense was the result of lower average debt levels, offset by higher interest rates. we also realized lower interest expense from the benefit of our cross currency swaps, as well as increased capitalized interest related to the expansion of our westbrook, maine headquarters and relocation of our core reference laboratory in germany.
provisions for income taxes. our effective income tax rate was 18.1% for the year ended december 31, 2019, and 17.6% for the year ended december 31, 2018. our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2019 was higher primarily due to lower tax benefits related to share-based compensation, partially offset by a nonrecurring item recorded in the first quarter of 2018, that resulted from the 2017 tax cut and jobs act.
during the third quarter of 2019, the swiss government enacted changes to swiss federal tax laws and required all swiss cantons to make conforming changes to their own laws.  as the cantons consider how to implement the required changes through early 2020, we will continue assessing the impact, if any, of the canton's adoption of swiss federal tax reform.  the impact of any such change will be recorded upon the date of canton's enactment.
our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2019, was reduced by approximately 3.5% from the tax benefits related to share-based payments. we anticipate the tax benefit related to share-based payments to reduce our 2020 effective income tax rate by approximately 1.5%, based on recent settlement trends and stock price levels. these impacts may vary significantly based on the timing of actual settlement activity.
liquidity and capital resources we fund the capital needs of our business through cash on hand, funds generated from operations, and amounts available under our credit facility. we generate cash primarily through the payments made by customers for our diagnostic products and services, consulting services, and other various systems and services provided to the animal veterinary, livestock, poultry, dairy, and water testing markets. our cash disbursements are primarily related to compensation and benefits for our employees, inventory and supplies, taxes, research and development, capital expenditures, rents, occupancy-related charges, interest expense, and acquisitions. at december 31, 2019, we had $90.3 million of cash and cash equivalents, as compared to $123.8 million on december 31, 2018. working capital, including our credit facility, totaled negative $45.7 million at december 31, 2019, as compared to negative $116.3 million at december 31, 2018. additionally, at december 31, 2019, we had remaining borrowing availability of $559.8 million under our $850 million credit facility. we believe that, if necessary, we could obtain additional borrowings at similar rates to our existing borrowings to fund our growth objectives. we further believe that current cash and cash equivalents, funds generated from operations, and committed borrowing availability will be sufficient to fund our operations, capital purchase requirements, and anticipated growth needs for the next twelve months. we believe that these resources, coupled with our ability, as needed, to obtain additional financing on favorable terms will also be sufficient to fund our business as currently conducted for the foreseeable future.
we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among all of our subsidiaries. our foreign cash and cash equivalents are generally available without restrictions to fund ordinary business operations outside the u.s.
the 2017 tax act was enacted on december 22, 2017, and includes significant changes to the u.s. corporate tax system. the 2017 tax act reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective as of january 1, 2018, and transitioned the u.s. federal tax system from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system. in converting to the new territorial tax system, a deemed repatriation tax on previously tax-deferred earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries was required to be recognized as of december 31, 2017, and will be payable over eight years.    we are no longer asserting indefinite reversal under asc 740-30-25 for undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries and have accrued for related tax liabilities as of december 31, 2019.
the following table presents cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held domestically, and by our foreign subsidiaries:
for the years ended december 31, cash and cash equivalents(dollars in millions)                                                                              2019                        2018
u.s.                                                                                                                 $1.1                        $2.0
foreign                                                                                                              89.2                       121.8
total                                                                                                               $90.3                      $123.8
total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held in u.s. dollars by our foreign subsidiaries              $6.5                       $11.1
percentage of total cash and cash equivalents held in u.s. dollars by our foreign subsidiaries                        7.2      %                  9.0      %
of the $90.3 million of cash and cash equivalents held as of december 31, 2019, greater than 99% was held as bank deposits. of the $123.8 million of cash and cash equivalents held as of december 31, 2018, greater than 99% was held as bank deposits.
should we require more capital than is generated by our operations, for example to fund significant discretionary activities, we could raise capital through debt or equity issuances. these alternatives could result in increased interest expense and dilution of our earnings. we have borrowed funds domestically and continue to have the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates.
the following table presents additional key information concerning working capital:
for the three months ended december 31, 2019           september 30, 2019          june 30, 2019           march 31, 2019          december 31, 2018
days sales outstanding (1)            40.5                        41.8                      41.7                    42.0                      42.6
inventory turns (2)                    2.2                         2.0                       2.1                     2.0                       2.3
(1)   days sales outstanding represents the average of the accounts receivable balances at the beginning and end of each quarter divided by revenue for that quarter, the result of which is then multiplied by 91.25 days.
(2)   inventory turns represent inventory-related cost of product revenue for the 12 months preceding each quarter-end divided by the average inventory balances at the beginning and end of each quarter.
sources and uses of cash the following table presents cash provided (used):
for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                     2019                   2018                              dollar change net cash provided by operating activities                 $459,158                $400,084                 $59,074
net cash (used) provided by investing activities          (205,528    )            138,602                (344,130      )
net cash used by financing activities                     (286,409    )           (597,799    )            311,390
net effect of changes in exchange rates on cash               (689    )             (4,768    )              4,079
net change in cash and cash equivalents                   $(33,468    )           $(63,881    )            $30,413
operating activities. the increase in cash provided by operating activities of $59.1 million during 2019 as compared to 2018, was primarily due to the increase in net income, net of noncash items, offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities.
the following table presents cash flows from changes in operating assets and liabilities:
for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                                            2019                   2018                         dollar change accounts receivable                                                              $(22,472    )           $(18,401    )        $(4,071       )
inventories                                                                       (37,306    )            (25,623    )        (11,683       )
accounts payable                                                                    1,957                    (166    )        2,123
deferred revenue                                                                  (12,360    )             (7,719    )        (4,641        )
other assets and liabilities                                                      (34,788    )            (39,731    )        4,943
total change in cash due to changes in operating assets and liabilities         $(104,969    )           $(91,640    )        $(13,329      )
cash used due to changes in operating assets and liabilities during 2019, as compared to the same period in the prior year, increased approximately $13.3 million. the increase was primarily due to higher inventory levels to support greater demand. additionally, other assets increased due to higher instrument placements under our customer commitment programs, which are offset by lower deferred revenue from placements under our instrument rebate programs, as well as increases in accrued liabilities and accounts payable due to growth and timing.
we have historically experienced proportionally lower net cash flows from operating activities during the first quarter and proportionally higher cash flows from operating activities for the remainder of the year and for the annual period driven primarily by payments related to annual employee incentive programs in the first quarter following the year for which the bonuses were earned and the seasonality of vector-borne disease testing, which has historically resulted in significant increases in accounts receivable balances during the first quarter of the year.
investing activities. cash used by investing activities was $205.5 million during 2019 as compared to $138.6 million provided during 2018. the increase in cash used by investing activities during 2019 as compared to 2018 was primarily due to sale of marketable securities in 2018, as a result of our repatriation of cash and investments held by our foreign subsidiaries, as well as increased capital spending in the current year, as we expand our westbrook, maine headquarters and relocate our core reference laboratory in germany. during 2018, in connection with the passage of the 2017 tax act in the fourth quarter of 2017, we liquidated our marketable securities and used the cash to partially pay down our credit facility.
our total capital expenditure plan for 2020 is estimated to be approximately $140 million to $155 million, which includes the completion of the expansion of our headquarters, the relocation and expansion of our german core reference laboratory, other capital investments in manufacturing and reference laboratory buildings and equipment, investments in internal use software and information technology infrastructure, and the renovation and expansion of our facilities and reference laboratories.
financing activities. cash used by financing activities was $286.4 million during 2019 as compared to $597.8 million used during 2018. the decrease in cash used by financing activities during 2019 as compared to 2018 was due to a larger repayment on our revolving credit facility in 2018 from repatriated foreign cash, an issuance of $100 million senior notes during the first quarter of 2019, and a decrease in repurchases of our common stock.
cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock decreased by $67.7 million during 2019, as compared to 2018. from the inception of our share repurchase program in august 1999 to december 31, 2019, we have repurchased 66.0 million shares for $4.1 billion. during 2019, we purchased 1.22 million shares for an aggregate cost of $303.8 million, as compared to purchases of 1.77 million shares for an aggregate cost of $368.7 million during 2018. we believe that the repurchase of our common stock is a favorable means of returning value to our stockholders and we also repurchase our stock to offset the dilutive effect of our share-based compensation programs. repurchases of our common stock may vary depending upon the level of other investing activities and the share price. see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 19. repurchases of common stock" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our share repurchases.
the $850 million unsecured revolving credit facility matures on december 4, 2020 and requires no scheduled prepayments before that date. all amounts borrowed under the terms of the credit facility are reflected in the current liabilities section in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. applicable interest rates on borrowings under the credit facility generally range from 0.875 to 1.375 percentage points above the libor or cdor, based on our leverage ratio, or the prevailing prime rate plus a maximum spread of up to 0.375%, based on our leverage ratio. for more information regarding risk associated with interest rates based on libor, see "part i, item 1a. risk factors, restrictions in our debt agreements or our inability to obtain financing on favorable terms may increase our cost of borrowing and limit our activities."
under the credit facility, the net repayment and borrowing activity resulted in less cash used of $145.8 million during 2019, as compared to 2018. at december 31, 2019, we had $288.8 million outstanding under the credit facility. at december 31, 2018, we had $398.9 million outstanding under the credit facility. the general availability of funds under the credit facility was further reduced by $1.4 million and $1.3 million for letters of credit that was issued in connection with claims under our workers' compensation policy at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the credit facility contains affirmative, negative, and financial covenants customary for financings of this type. the negative covenants include restrictions on liens, indebtedness of subsidiaries of the company, fundamental changes, investments, transactions with affiliates, and certain restrictive agreements and violations of laws and regulations. the financial covenant is a consolidated leverage ratio test that requires our ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation not to exceed 3.5-to-1. at december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with the covenants of the credit facility. the obligations under the credit facility may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the credit facility, which includes customary events of default including payment defaults, defaults in the performance of the affirmative, negative and financial covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, certain events related to employee pension benefit plans under the employee retirement income security act of 1974, ("erisa"), the failure to pay specified indebtedness, cross-acceleration to specified indebtedness and a change of control default.
on march 14, 2019, we amended the multicurrency note purchase and private shelf agreement, dated as of december 19, 2014, among the company, metropolitan life insurance company, and the accredited institutional purchasers named therein, and pursuant to such amended agreement, we issued and sold through a private placement an aggregate principal amount of  $100 million of unsecured senior notes at a 4.19% per annum rate, due march 14, 2029 (the "2029 series c notes"). the 2029 series c notes proceeds were used for general corporate purposes.
since december 2013, we have issued and sold through private placements unsecured senior notes having an aggregate principal amount of approximately $700 million, including the $100 million 2029 series c notes, pursuant to certain note purchase agreements (collectively, the "senior note agreements"). the senior note agreements contain affirmative,
61
negative, and financial covenants customary for agreements of this type. the negative covenants include restrictions on liens, indebtedness of our subsidiaries, priority indebtedness, fundamental changes, investments, transactions with affiliates, certain restrictive agreements and violations of laws and regulations. see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 12. debt" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding our senior notes.
should we elect to prepay the senior notes, such aggregate prepayment will include the applicable make-whole amount(s), as defined within the applicable senior note agreements. additionally, in the event of a change in control of the company, or upon the disposition of certain assets of the company the proceeds of which are not reinvested (as defined in the senior note agreements), we may be required to prepay all or a portion of the senior notes. the obligations under the senior notes may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default under the applicable senior note agreement, each of which includes customary events of default including payment defaults, defaults in the performance of the affirmative, negative and financial covenants, the inaccuracy of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency related defaults, defaults relating to judgments, certain events related to employee pension benefit plans under erisa, the failure to pay specified indebtedness and cross-acceleration to specified indebtedness.
effect of currency translation on cash. the net effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates are related to changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. these changes will fluctuate each year as the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the value of the foreign currencies change. a currency's value depends on many factors, including interest rates, the country's debt levels and strength of economy.
off-balance sheet arrangements. we have no off-balance sheet arrangements or variable interest entities except for letters of credit and third-party guarantees, as reflected in "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 12 debt" and "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. note 15. commitments, contingencies and guarantees" to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2019, included in this annual report on form 10-k, respectively.
62
financial covenant. the financial covenant is a consolidated leverage ratio test that requires our ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation, as defined in the senior note agreements and credit facility, not to exceed 3.5-to-1. at december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with the covenants of the senior note agreements. the following details our consolidated leverage ratio calculation:
(in thousands)                                             twelve months ended trailing 12 months adjusted ebitda:                          december 31, 2019
net income attributable to stockholders                               $427,720
interest expense                                                        31,055
provision for income taxes                                              94,426
depreciation and amortization                                           88,011
share-based compensation expense                                        39,278
extraordinary and other non-recurring non-cash charges                     968
adjusted ebitda                                                       $681,458
(in thousands)                                             twelve months ended debt to adjusted ebitda ratio:                               december 31, 2019
line of credit                                                        $288,765
long-term debt                                                         698,910
total debt                                                             987,675
acquisition-related consideration payable                                3,000
financing leases                                                           103
deferred financing costs                                                   512
gross debt                                                            $991,290
gross debt to adjusted ebitda ratio                                       1.45
cash and cash equivalents                                             $(90,326   )
net debt                                                              $900,964
net debt to adjusted ebitda ratio                                         1.32
other commitments, contingencies and guarantees under our current employee healthcare insurance policy for u.s. employees, we retain claims liability risk per incident up to $1 million per year in 2019, 2018, and 2017. we recognized u.s. employee healthcare claim expense of $59.3 million, $52.7 million, and $47.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, which represents actual claims paid and an estimate of our liability for the uninsured portion of employee healthcare obligations that have been incurred but not paid. should employee health insurance claims exceed our estimated liability, we would have further obligations. our estimated liability for healthcare claims that have been incurred but not paid as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, was approximately $5.0 million.
workers' compensation and automobile claim expenses recognized during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 and our respective liability for such claims as of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were not material. for the years ended on or prior to december 31, 2017, based on our retained claim liability per incident and our aggregate claim liability per year, our maximum liability in excess of the amounts deemed probable and previously recognized is not material as of december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2019, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling $1.4 million to the insurance companies as security for the claims in connection with these policies.
63
we are contractually obligated to make the following payments in the years below:
(in thousands)                                   total            less than 1 year               1-3 years               3-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt obligations (1)            $837,602                 $24,447                  $169,512                $186,569                  $457,074
credit facility (2)                        288,765                 288,765                         -                       -                         -
operating leases                            99,025                  18,016                    31,392                  16,015                    33,602
purchase obligations (3)                   298,370                 224,394                    48,135                  22,412                     3,429
minimum royalty payments                     1,320       421                         317                     157                     425
total contractual cash obligations      $1,525,082                $556,043                  $249,356                $225,153                  $494,530
(1)   long-term debt amounts include interest payments associated with long-term debt.
(2)   credit facility amounts do not include interest payments.
(3)   purchase obligations include agreements and purchase orders to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities, pricing, and approximate timing of purchase transactions.
these commitments do not reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $26.8 million and $1.7 million of deferred compensation liabilities as of december 31, 2019, as the timing of recognition is uncertain. see "part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 13. income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional discussion of unrecognized tax benefits. as of december 31, 2019, our remaining obligation associated with the deemed repatriation tax resulting from the tax act is $27.0 million, which is expected to be paid in installments through 2025.
not reflected in the contractual obligation table above are agreements with third parties that we have entered into in the ordinary course of business under which we are obligated to indemnify such third parties for and against various risks and losses. the precise terms of such indemnities vary with the nature of the agreement. in many cases, we limit the maximum amount of our indemnification obligations, but in some cases those obligations may be theoretically unlimited. we have not incurred material expenses in discharging any of these indemnification obligations, and based on our analysis of the nature of the risks involved, we believe that the fair value of these agreements is minimal. accordingly, we did not record any liabilities for these obligations at december 31, 2019 and 2018, and do not anticipate any future payments for these guarantees.
64
