item 1a. risk factors risks relating to commercialization of our products we depend heavily on our lead product, jakafi (ruxolitinib), which is marketed as jakavi outside the united states. if we are unable to successfully commercialize jakafi in its approved indications or to successfully obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize ruxolitinib for the treatment of additional indications, or if we are significantly delayed or limited in doing so, our business may be materially harmed.
jakafi is our first and, currently, only product marketed by us that is approved for sale in the united states. it was approved by the u.s. food and drug administration, or fda, in november 2011 for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, in december 2014 for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea, which we refer to as uncontrolled polycythemia vera, and in may 2019 for the treatment of steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease in adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older. although we have received regulatory approval for these indications, such approval does not guarantee future revenues. while in june 2016 we acquired exclusive rights to develop and commercialize iclusig in the european union, or eu, and other countries and in june 2018 the fda approved for sale olumiant (baricitinib), which we exclusively licensed to eli lilly and company, for the treatment of specified rheumatoid arthritis indications, we anticipate that jakafi product sales will continue to contribute a significant percentage of our total revenues over the next several years.
the commercial success of jakafi and our ability to generate and maintain revenues from the sale of jakafi will depend on a number of factors, including:
●   the number of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, uncontrolled polycythemia vera or steroid-refractory acute graft-versus-host disease who are diagnosed with the diseases and the number of such patients that may be treated with jakafi;

●   the acceptance of jakafi by patients and the healthcare community;

●   whether physicians, patients and healthcare payors view jakafi as therapeutically effective and safe relative to cost and any alternative therapies;

●   the ability to obtain and maintain sufficient coverage or reimbursement by third-party payors and pricing;

●   the ability of our third-party manufacturers to manufacture jakafi in sufficient quantities that meet all applicable quality standards;

●   the ability of our company and our third-party providers to provide marketing and distribution support for jakafi;

●   the label and promotional claims allowed by the fda;

30
●   the maintenance of regulatory approval for the approved indications in the united states; and

●   our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize ruxolitinib in the united states for additional indications.

if we are not able to maintain revenues from jakafi in the united states, or our revenues from jakafi decrease, our business may be materially harmed and we may need to delay other drug discovery, development and commercialization initiatives or even significantly curtail operations, and our ability to license or acquire new products to diversify our revenue base could be limited.
in addition, our receipt of royalties under our collaboration agreements with novartis for sales of jakavi outside the united states and with lilly for worldwide sales of olumiant will depend on factors similar to those listed above, with similar regulatory, pricing and reimbursement issues driven by applicable regulatory authorities and governmental and third-party payors affecting jurisdictions outside the united states.
if we are unable to obtain, or maintain at anticipated levels, reimbursement for our products from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, our pricing may be affected or our product sales, results of operations or financial condition could be harmed.
we may not be able to sell our products on a profitable basis or our profitability may be reduced if we are required to sell our products at lower than anticipated prices or reimbursement is unavailable or limited in scope or amount. the costs of jakafi and iclusig are not insignificant and almost all patients will require some form of third-party coverage to afford their cost. our future revenues and profitability will be adversely affected if we cannot depend on government and other third-party payors to defray the cost of our products to the patient. reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly by country and by region, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. reimbursement in the eu must be negotiated on a country-by-country basis and in many countries the product cannot be commercially launched until reimbursement is approved. the timing to complete the negotiation process in each country is highly uncertain, and in some countries, we expect that it may exceed 12 months. risks related to pricing and reimbursement are described below under "-other risks relating to our business-health care reform measures could impact the pricing and profitability of pharmaceuticals, and adversely affect the commercial viability of our or our collaborators' products and drug candidates. our ability to generate revenues will be diminished if we or our collaborators are unable to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement from private insurers, government insurance programs or other third party payors of health care costs, which could be affected by current and potential healthcare reform legislation, and diminished revenues will harm our operating results and financial condition and could adversely affect our ability to conduct our research and development operations." if government and other third-party payors refuse to provide coverage and reimbursement with respect to our products, determine to provide a lower level of coverage and reimbursement than anticipated, or reduce previously approved levels of coverage and reimbursement, then our pricing or reimbursement for our products may be affected and our product sales, results of operations or financial condition could be harmed.
we depend upon a limited number of specialty pharmacies and wholesalers for a significant portion of any revenues from jakafi, and the loss of, or significant reduction in sales to, any one of these specialty pharmacies or wholesalers could adversely affect our operations and financial condition.
we sell jakafi primarily to specialty pharmacies and wholesalers. specialty pharmacies dispense jakafi to patients in fulfillment of prescriptions and wholesalers sell jakafi to hospitals and physician offices. we do not promote jakafi to specialty pharmacies or wholesalers, and they do not set or determine demand for jakafi. our ability to successfully commercialize jakafi will depend, in part, on the extent to which we are able to provide adequate distribution of jakafi to patients. although we have contracted with a number of specialty pharmacies and wholesalers, they are expected generally to carry a very limited inventory and may be reluctant to be part of our distribution network in the future if demand for the product does not increase. further, it is possible that these specialty pharmacies and wholesalers could decide to change their policies or fees, or both, at some time in the future. this could result in their refusal to carry smaller volume products such as jakafi, or lower margins or the need to find alternative methods of distributing our product. although we believe we can find alternative channels to distribute jakafi on relatively short notice, our revenue
31
during that period of time may suffer and we may incur additional costs to replace any such specialty pharmacy or wholesaler. the loss of any large specialty pharmacy or wholesaler as part of our distribution network, a significant reduction in sales we make to specialty pharmacies or wholesalers, or any failure to pay for the products we have shipped to them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to establish and maintain effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, or to enter into agreements with third parties to do so, we will not be able to successfully commercialize our products.
under our collaboration and license agreement with novartis, we have retained commercialization rights to jakafi in the united states. we have established commercial capabilities in the united states, but cannot guarantee that we will be able to enter into and maintain any marketing, distribution or third-party logistics agreements with third-party providers on acceptable terms, if at all. in connection with our june 2016 acquisition from ariad pharmaceuticals, inc. we licensed rights to develop and commercialize iclusig in certain countries and we acquired the european sales, marketing and distribution operations of ariad. we may not be able to maintain those operations or retain their personnel or distribution arrangements. we may not be able to correctly judge the size and experience of the sales and marketing force and the scale of distribution capabilities necessary to successfully market and sell any new products. establishing and maintaining sales, marketing and distribution capabilities are expensive and time-consuming. competition for personnel with experience in sales and marketing can be high. our expenses associated with building and maintaining the sales force and distribution capabilities may be disproportional compared to the revenues we may be able to generate on sales of our products.
to the extent that we are able to obtain marketing approval for ruxolitinib cream for dermatology indications such as atopic dermatitis and vitiligo, we will have to establish and maintain sales, marketing and distribution capabilities that will generally be separate from our existing capabilities for oncology indications, and we have no prior experience in commercializing products for dermatology indications. successful commercialization of our drug candidates for dermatology indications, if approved, will require us to establish new physician and payor relationships, reimbursement strategies and governmental interactions. our inability to commercialize successfully products in indications outside of oncology could harm our business and operating results.
if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could lose our approval to market our products or be subject to other governmental enforcement activity.
we cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain regulatory approval to market our products in the jurisdictions in which they are currently marketed. if we do not maintain our regulatory approval to market our products, in particular jakafi, our results of operations will be materially harmed. we and our collaborators, third-party manufacturers and suppliers are subject to rigorous and extensive regulation by the fda and other federal and state agencies as well as foreign governmental agencies. these regulations continue to apply after product marketing approval, and cover, among other things, testing, manufacturing, quality control and assurance, labeling, advertising, promotion, risk mitigation, and adverse event reporting requirements.
the commercialization of our products is subject to post-regulatory approval product surveillance, and our products may have to be withdrawn from the market or subject to restrictions if previously unknown problems occur. regulatory agencies may also require additional clinical trials or testing for our products, and our products may be recalled or may be subject to reformulation, additional studies, changes in labeling, warnings to the public and negative publicity. for example, from late 2013 through 2014, iclusig was subject to review by the european medicines agency, or ema, of the benefits and risks of iclusig to better understand the nature, frequency and severity of events obstructing the arteries or veins, the potential mechanism that leads to these side effects and whether there needed to be a revision in the dosing recommendation, patient monitoring and a risk management plan for iclusig. this review was completed in january 2015, with additional warnings in the product information but without any change in the approved indications. the ema could take additional actions in the future that reduce the commercial potential of iclusig.
failure to comply with the laws and regulations administered by the fda or other agencies could result in:
●   administrative and judicial sanctions, including warning letters;

32
●   fines and other civil penalties;

●   suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval to market or manufacture our products;

●   interruption of production;

●   operating restrictions;

●   product recall or seizure;

●   injunctions; and

●   criminal prosecution.

the occurrence of any such event may have a material adverse effect on our business.
if the use of our products harms patients, or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our products, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted or we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims.
the testing of jakafi and iclusig, the manufacturing, marketing and sale of jakafi and the marketing and sale of iclusig expose us to product liability and other risks. side effects and other problems experienced by patients from the use of our products could:
●   lessen the frequency with which physicians decide to prescribe our products;

●   encourage physicians to stop prescribing our products to their patients who previously had been prescribed our products;

●   cause serious harm to patients that may give rise to product liability claims against us; and

●   result in our need to withdraw or recall our products from the marketplace.

if our products are used by a wide patient population, new risks and side effects may be discovered, the rate of known risks or side effects may increase, and risks previously viewed as less significant could be determined to be significant.
previously unknown risks and adverse effects of our products may also be discovered in connection with unapproved, or off-label, uses of our products. we are prohibited by law from promoting or in any way supporting or encouraging the promotion of our products for off-label uses, but physicians are permitted to use products for off-label purposes. in addition, we are studying and expect to continue to study jakafi in diseases for potential additional indications in controlled clinical settings, and independent investigators are doing so as well. in the event of any new risks or adverse effects discovered as new patients are treated for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, uncontrolled polycythemia vera or acute graft-versus-host disease and as jakafi is studied in or used by patients for off-label indications, regulatory authorities may delay or revoke their approvals, we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials, make changes in labeling of jakafi, reformulate jakafi or make changes and obtain new approvals. we may also experience a significant drop in the sales of jakafi, experience harm to our reputation and the reputation of jakafi in the marketplace or become subject to lawsuits, including class actions. any of these results could decrease or prevent sales of jakafi or substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing jakafi. similar results could occur with respect to our commercialization of iclusig.
patients who have been enrolled in our clinical trials or who may use our products in the future often have severe and advanced stages of disease and known as well as unknown significant pre-existing and potentially life-threatening
33
health risks. during the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may or may not be related to our products. such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market our products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. even in a circumstance in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time consuming or inconclusive. these investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our products receive or maintain, or delay the regulatory approval process in other countries.
factors similar to those listed above also apply to our collaboration partner novartis, to iclusig for jurisdictions outside the united states and to our collaboration partner lilly for all jurisdictions.
if we market our products in a manner that violates various laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
in addition to fda and related regulatory requirements, we are subject to health care "fraud and abuse" laws, such as the federal false claims act, the anti-kickback provisions of the federal social security act, and other state and federal laws and regulations. federal and state anti-kickback laws prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any health care item or service reimbursable under medicare, medicaid, or other federally- or state-financed health care programs. federal false claims laws prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. pharmaceutical companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of alleged promotional and marketing activities.
although physicians are permitted, based on their medical judgment, to prescribe products for indications other than those approved by the fda, manufacturers are prohibited from promoting their products for such off-label uses. we market jakafi for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, uncontrolled polycythemia vera and acute graft-versus-host disease and provide promotional materials to physicians regarding the use of jakafi for these indications. although we believe that our promotional materials for physicians do not constitute improper promotion of jakafi, the fda or other agencies may disagree. if the fda or another agency determines that our promotional materials or other activities constitute improper promotion of jakafi, it could request that we modify our promotional materials or other activities or subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. it is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they believe that the alleged improper promotion led to the submission and payment of claims for an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. even if it is later determined we are not in violation of these laws, we may be faced with negative publicity, incur significant expenses defending our position and have to divert significant management resources from other matters.
the european union and member countries, as well as governmental authorities in other countries, impose similar strict restrictions on the promotion and marketing of drug products. the off-label promotion of medicinal products is prohibited in the eu and in other territories, and the eu also maintains strict controls on advertising and promotional materials. the promotion of medicinal products that are not subject to a marketing authorization is also prohibited in the eu. violations of the rules governing the promotion of medicinal products in the eu and in other territories could be penalized by administrative measures, fines and imprisonment.
the majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback law and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. numerous states and localities have enacted or are considering enacting legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports or make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials, and other activities. additionally, as part of the patient protection and affordable care act, the federal government has enacted the physician payment sunshine provisions. the sunshine provisions and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions where we do business require manufacturers to publicly report certain payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals. many of these requirements are new and uncertain, and the penalties for failure to comply with these requirements are unclear. nonetheless, if we are
34
found not to be in full compliance with these laws, we could face enforcement action and fines and other penalties, which could be significant in amount or result in exclusion from federal healthcare programs such as medicare and medicaid. any action initiated against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our business and operating results. see also "-other risks relating to our business-if we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the health care industry, we could face increased costs, penalties and a loss of business" below.
competition for our products could harm our business and result in a decrease in our revenue.
present and potential competitors for jakafi could include major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as specialty pharmaceutical firms. for example, in august 2019, celgene corporation, now a subsidiary of bristol-myers squibb company, announced that the fda had approved inrebic (fedratinib) for the treatment of myelofibrosis. see "-other risks relating to our business- we face significant competition for our drug discovery and development efforts, and if we do not compete effectively, our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated" for a description of risks relating to this type of competition. in addition, jakafi could face competition from generic products. as a result of the drug price competition and patent term restoration act of 1984, commonly known as the hatch-waxman act, in the united states, generic manufacturers may seek approval of a generic version of an innovative pharmaceutical by filing with the fda an abbreviated new drug application, or anda. the hatch-waxman act provides significant incentives to generic manufacturers to challenge u.s. patents on successful innovative pharmaceutical products. in february 2016, we received a notice letter regarding an anda that requested approval to market a generic version of jakafi and purported to challenge patents covering ruxolitinib phosphate and its use that expire in 2028. the notice letter does not challenge the ruxolitinib composition of matter patent, which expires in december 2027. to date, to our knowledge, the fda has taken no action with respect to this anda. separately, in january 2018 the patent trial and appeal board (ptab) of united states patent and trademark office denied a petition challenging our patent covering deuterated ruxolitinib analogs and the ptab subsequently denied concert's request for rehearing in may 2018. nevertheless, concert still has the right separately to challenge the validity of the patent in federal court. there can be no assurance that our patents will be upheld or that any litigation in which we might engage with any such generic manufacturer would be successful in protecting jakafi's exclusivity. the entry of a generic version of jakafi could result in a decrease in jakafi sales and materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
iclusig currently competes with existing therapies that are approved for the treatment of patients with chronic myeloid leukemia, or cml, who are resistant or intolerant to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor, or tki, therapies, on the basis of, among other things, efficacy, cost, breadth of approved use and the safety and side-effect profile. in addition, generic versions of imatinib are available and, while we currently believe that generic versions of imatinib will not materially impact our commercialization of iclusig, given iclusig's various indication statements globally that are currently focused on resistant or intolerant cml, we cannot be certain how physicians, payors, patients, regulatory authorities and other market participants will respond to the availability of generic versions of imatinib.
other risks relating to our business we may be unsuccessful in our efforts to discover and develop drug candidates and commercialize drug products.
our long-term success, revenue growth and diversification of revenues depends on our ability to obtain regulatory approval for new drug products and new indications for our existing drug products. our ability to discover and develop drug candidates and to commercialize additional drug products and indications will depend on our ability to:
●   hire and retain key employees;

●   identify high quality therapeutic targets;

●   identify potential drug candidates;

●   develop products internally or license drug candidates from others;

35
●   identify and enroll suitable human subjects, either in the united states or abroad, for our clinical trials;

●   complete laboratory testing;

●   commence, conduct and complete safe and effective clinical trials on humans;

●   obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to our products;

●   obtain and maintain necessary regulatory approvals for our products, both in the united states and abroad;

●   enter into arrangements with third parties to provide services or to manufacture our products on our behalf;

●   deploy sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing resources effectively or enter into arrangements with third parties to provide these functions in compliance with all applicable laws;

●   obtain appropriate coverage and reimbursement levels for the cost of our products from governmental authorities, private health insurers and other third-party payors;

●   lease facilities at reasonable rates to support our growth; and

●   enter into arrangements with third parties to license and commercialize our products.

we may not be successful in discovering, developing, or commercializing additional drug products or our existing drug products in new indications. discovery and development of drug candidates are expensive, uncertain and time-consuming, and we do not know if our efforts will lead to discovery of any drug candidates that can be successfully developed and marketed. of the compounds or biologics that we identify as potential drug products or that we may in-license from other companies, including potential products for which we are conducting clinical trials, only a few, if any, are likely to lead to successful drug development programs and commercialized drug products.
we depend heavily on the success of our most advanced drug candidates. we might not be able to commercialize any of our drug candidates successfully, and we may spend significant time and money attempting to do so.
we have invested significant resources in the development of our most advanced drug candidates. ruxolitinib is in phase iii clinical trials for the treatment of patients with steroid-refractory graft-versus-host disease and is in other clinical trials. itacitinib is in phase iii clinical trials for the treatment of patients with chronic graft-versus-host disease and pemigatinib is in a phase iii clinical trial for the treatment of patients with cholangiocarcinoma. further, we have a number of drug candidates in phase i and phase ii clinical trials. our ability to generate product revenues will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our most advanced drug candidates. we, or our collaborators or licensees, may decide to discontinue development of any or all of our drug candidates at any time for commercial, scientific or other reasons. for example: in early 2016, we decided to discontinue the clinical trials of ruxolitinib in pancreatic cancer and solid tumors and itacitinib in pancreatic cancer; and, in april 2018, we along with merck stopped the echo-301 study with epacadostat, and we also significantly downsized the epacadostat development program. in addition, in january 2020 we announced that itacitinib did not meet the primary endpoint in the phase iii clinical trial for the treatment of patients with acute graft-versus-host disease. if a product is developed but not approved or marketed, we may have spent significant amounts of time and money on it, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition as well as our business plans.
if we or our collaborators are unable to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates in the united states and foreign jurisdictions, we or our collaborators will not be permitted to commercialize products resulting from our research.
in order to commercialize drug products in the united states, drug candidates will have to obtain regulatory approval from the fda. satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years. to obtain regulatory approval,
36
we or our collaborators, as the case may be, must first show that our drug candidates are safe and effective for target indications through preclinical testing (animal testing) and clinical trials (human testing). preclinical testing and clinical development are long, expensive and uncertain processes, and we do not know whether the fda will allow us or our collaborators to undertake clinical trials of any drug candidates in addition to our compounds currently in clinical trials. if regulatory approval of a product is granted, this approval will be limited to those disease states and conditions for which the product is demonstrated through clinical trials to be safe and effective.
completion of clinical trials may take several years and failure may occur at any stage of testing. the length of time required varies substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of the drug candidate. interim results of a preclinical test or clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results, and acceptable results in early clinical trials may not be repeated in later clinical trials. for example, a drug candidate that is successful at the preclinical level may cause harmful or dangerous side effects when tested at the clinical level. our rate of commencement and completion of clinical trials may be delayed, and existing clinical trials with our drug candidates may be stopped, due to many potential factors, including:
●   the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development;

●   our inability to formulate or manufacture sufficient quantities of materials for use in clinical trials;

●   variability in the number and types of patients available for each study;

●   difficulty in maintaining contact with patients after treatment, resulting in incomplete data;

●   unforeseen safety issues or side effects;

●   poor or unanticipated effectiveness of drug candidates during the clinical trials; or

●   government or regulatory delays.

data obtained from clinical trials are susceptible to varying interpretation, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. many companies in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry, including our company, have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after achieving promising results in earlier clinical trials. in addition, regulatory authorities may refuse or delay approval as a result of other factors, such as changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development and regulatory agency review. for example, the fda has in the past required, and could in the future require, that we or our collaborators conduct additional trials of any of our drug candidates, which would result in delays. in april 2017, we and our collaborator lilly announced that the fda had issued a complete response letter for the new drug application, or nda, of olumiant as a once-daily oral medication for the treatment of moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis. the letter indicated that additional clinical data were needed to determine the most appropriate doses and to further characterize safety concerns across treatment arms. in june 2018, after a resubmission of the nda, the fda approved the 2mg dose of olumiant for the treatment of adults with moderately-to-severely active rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response to one or more tumor necrosis factor inhibitor therapies. the fda did not at that time approve any higher dose of olumiant and required a warning label in connection with its approval.
compounds or biologics developed by us or with or by our collaborators and licensees may not prove to be safe and effective in clinical trials and may not meet all of the applicable regulatory requirements needed to receive marketing approval. for example, in january 2016, a phase ii trial that was evaluating ruxolitinib in combination with regorafenib in patients with relapsed or refractory metastatic colorectal cancer and high c-reactive protein was stopped early after a planned analysis of interim efficacy data determined that the likelihood of the trial meeting its efficacy endpoint was insufficient. in addition, in february 2016, we made a decision to discontinue our janus 1 study, our janus 2 study, our other studies of ruxolitinib in colorectal, breast and lung cancer, and our study of incb39110 in pancreatic cancer after a planned analysis of interim efficacy data of janus 1 demonstrated that ruxolitinib plus capecitabine did not show a sufficient level of efficacy to warrant continuation. also, in april 2018, we along with merck announced that the echo-
37
301 study had been stopped and we also significantly downsized the epacadostat development program and in january 2020 we stopped our phase iii trial of itacitinib for the treatment of acute graft-versus-host-disease. if clinical trials of any of our compounds or biologics are stopped for safety, efficacy or other reasons or fail to meet their respective endpoints, our overall development plans, business, prospects, expected operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed and the value of our company could be negatively affected.
outside the united states, our and our collaborators' ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. this foreign regulatory approval process typically includes all of the risks associated with the fda approval process described above and may also include additional risks. the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country and may require us to perform additional testing and expend additional resources. approval by the fda does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or by the fda.
health care reform measures could impact the pricing and profitability of pharmaceuticals, and adversely affect the commercial viability of our or our collaborators' products and drug candidates. our ability to generate revenues will be diminished if we or our collaborators are unable to obtain an adequate level of reimbursement from private insurers, government insurance programs or other third-party payors of health care costs, which could be affected by current and potential healthcare reform legislation, and diminished revenues will harm our operating results and financial condition and could adversely affect our ability to conduct our research and development operations.
our ability to commercialize our current and any future approved products successfully will depend in part on the prices we are able to charge for our approved products and the extent to which adequate reimbursement levels for the cost of our products and related treatment are obtained from third-party payors, such as private insurers, government insurance programs, including medicare and medicaid, health maintenance organizations (hmos) and other health care related organizations in the u.s. and abroad.
in recent years, through legislative and regulatory actions, the u.s. federal government has made substantial changes to various payment systems under the medicare and other federal health care programs. comprehensive reforms to the u.s. healthcare system were enacted, including changes to the methods for, and amounts of, medicare reimbursement. while there is currently significant uncertainty regarding the implementation of some of these reforms or the scope of amended or additional reforms, the implementation of reforms could significantly reduce payments from medicare and medicaid. reforms or other changes to these payment systems may change the availability, methods and rates of reimbursements from medicare, private insurers and other third-party payors for our current and any future approved products. some of these changes and proposed changes could result in reduced reimbursement rates or in eliminating dual sources of payment, which could reduce the price that we or any of our collaborators or licensees receive for any products in the future, and which would adversely affect our business strategy, operations and financial results.
in addition, there has been an increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the united states with respect to drug pricing practices. this has resulted in several recent federal and state proposals to regulate prices of pharmaceutical products and other health care reforms, any of which could limit the prices that we can charge for our products and may further limit the commercial viability of our products and drug candidates. specifically, there have been several federal congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under medicare, reform government program reimbursement methodologies for prescription drugs, allow importation of drugs into the u.s. from other countries and limit allowable prices for drugs to a function of an average international reference price that may be substantially lower than what we currently or would otherwise charge. in certain foreign markets, pricing or profitability of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to government control. we expect that the health care reform measures that have been adopted in the united states and in foreign markets, and further reforms that may be adopted in the future, could result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the prices that we may receive for our approved products. if reimbursement for our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be materially harmed, including by our revenue potentially being materially adversely affected and our research and development efforts potentially being materially curtailed or, in some cases, ceasing. there may be future changes that result in reductions in current prices, coverage and reimbursement levels for our current or any future
38
approved products, and we cannot predict the scope of any future changes or the impact that those changes would have on our operations.
if third parties institute high co-payment amounts or other benefit limits for our products, the demand for our products and, accordingly, our revenues and results of operations, could be adversely affected. our patient assistance programs have provided support for non-profit organizations that provide financial assistance to eligible patients or in some cases have provided our products without charge to patients who have no or limited insurance coverage through these charitable organizations. substantial support in this manner could harm our profitability in the future. further, those organizations' ability to provide assistance to patients is dependent on funding from external sources, and we cannot guarantee that such funding will be provided at adequate levels, or at all.
further, if we become the subject of any governmental or other regulatory hearing or investigation with respect to the pricing of our products or other business practices, we could incur significant expenses and could be distracted from the operation of our business and execution of our business strategy. any such hearing or investigation could also result in significant negative publicity and harm to our reputation, reduced market acceptance and demand, which could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects.
third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. also, the trend toward managed health care in the united states, the organizations for which could control or significantly influence the purchase of health care services and products, as well as legislative and regulatory proposals to reform health care or reduce government insurance programs, may all result in lower prices for or rejection of our products. adoption of our products by the medical community may be limited without adequate reimbursement for those products. cost control initiatives may decrease coverage and payment levels for our products and, in turn, the price that we will be able to charge for any product. our products may not be considered cost-effective, and coverage and reimbursement may not be available or sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a profitable basis. we are unable to predict all changes to the coverage or reimbursement methodologies that will be applied by private or government payors to our current and any future approved products.
the continuing efforts of legislatures, health agencies and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of health care, any denial of private or government payor coverage or inadequate reimbursement for our drug candidates could materially and adversely affect our business strategy, operations, future revenues and profitability, and the future revenues and profitability of our potential customers, suppliers, collaborators and licensees and the availability of capital. the same risks apply to our compounds developed and marketed by our collaborators, and our future potential milestone and royalty revenues could be affected in a similar manner.
we depend on our collaborators and licensees for the future development and commercialization of some of our drug candidates. conflicts may arise between our collaborators and licensees and us, or our collaborators and licensees may choose to terminate their agreements with us, which may adversely affect our business.
we have licensed to novartis rights to ruxolitinib outside of the united states and worldwide rights to our met inhibitor compounds and licensed to lilly worldwide rights to baricitinib. in addition, we have licensed to innovent and to zai lab certain asian rights to some of our clinical stage compounds. under the terms of our agreements with these collaborators, we have no or limited control over the further clinical development of these drug candidates in the relevant territories and any revenues we may receive if these drug candidates receive regulatory approval and are commercialized in the relevant territories will depend primarily on the development and commercialization efforts of others. while olumiant was approved by the european commission in february 2017 for the treatment of moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients and by japan's ministry of health, labor and welfare in july 2017 for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in patients with inadequate response to standard-of-care therapies, the nda for olumiant for the treatment of moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis was approved in june 2018, and only in the lower dosage tablet and with a warning label. delays in any marketing approval by the fda, european or other regulatory authorities, or any label modifications or restrictions in connection with any such approval, or the existence of other risks relating to approved drug products, including those described under "risks relating to commercialization of our products," could delay the receipt of and reduce resulting potential royalty and milestone revenue from baricitinib or any of our other out-licensed drug candidates.
39
conflicts may arise with our collaborators and licensees if they pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products either on their own or in collaboration with others as a means for developing treatments for the diseases that we have targeted. competing products and product opportunities may lead our collaborators and licensees to withdraw their support for our drug candidates. any failure of our collaborators and licensees to perform their obligations under our agreements with them or otherwise to support our drug candidates could negatively impact the development of our drug candidates, lead to our loss of potential revenues from product sales and milestones and delay our achievement, if any, of profitability. additionally, conflicts may arise if, among other things, there is a dispute about the achievement and payment of a milestone amount or the ownership of intellectual property that is developed during the course of a collaborative relationship.
our existing collaborative and license agreements can be terminated by our collaborators and licensees for convenience, among other circumstances. if any of our collaborators or licensees terminates its agreement with us, or terminates its rights with respect to certain indications or drug candidates, we may not be able to find a new collaborator for them, and our business could be adversely affected. should an agreement be terminated before we have realized the benefits of the collaboration or license, our reputation could be harmed, we may not obtain revenues that we anticipated receiving, and our business could be adversely affected.
the success of our drug discovery and development efforts may depend on our ability to find suitable collaborators to fully exploit our capabilities. if we are unable to establish collaborations or if these future collaborations are unsuccessful in the development and commercialization of our drug candidates, our research, development and commercialization efforts may be unsuccessful, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
an element of our business strategy is to enter into collaborative or license arrangements with other parties, under which we license our drug candidates to those parties for development and commercialization or under which we study our drug candidates in combination with other parties' compounds or biologics. for example, in addition to our novartis, lilly, innovent and zai lab collaborations, we have entered into clinical study relationships with respect to several of our programs, including epacadostat, and are evaluating strategic relationships with respect to several of our other programs. however, because collaboration and license arrangements are complex to negotiate, we may not be successful in our attempts to establish these arrangements. also, we may not have drug candidates that are desirable to other parties, or we may be unwilling to license a drug candidate to a particular party because such party interested in it is a competitor or for other reasons. the terms of any such arrangements that we establish may not be favorable to us. alternatively, potential collaborators may decide against entering into an agreement with us because of our financial, regulatory or intellectual property position or for scientific, commercial or other reasons. if we are not able to establish collaboration or license arrangements, we may not be able to develop and commercialize a drug product, which could adversely affect our business and our revenues.
we will likely not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators or licensees devote to our programs or drug candidates. if our collaborators or licensees prove difficult to work with, are less skilled than we originally expected, do not devote adequate resources to the program, are unable to obtain regulatory approval of our drug candidates, pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products, or do not agree with our approach to development or manufacturing of the drug candidate, the relationship could be unsuccessful. our collaborations with respect to epacadostat involved the study of our collaborators' drugs used in combination with epacadostat on a number of indications or tumor types, many of which were the same across multiple collaborations. we cannot assure you that potential conflicts will not arise or be alleged among these collaborations. if a business combination involving a collaborator or licensee and a third-party were to occur, the effect could be to terminate or cause delays in development of a drug candidate.
if we fail to enter into additional licensing agreements or if these arrangements are unsuccessful, our business and operations might be adversely affected.
in addition to establishing collaborative or license arrangements under which other parties license our drug candidates for development and commercialization or under which we study our drug candidates in combination with such parties' compounds or biologics, we may explore opportunities to develop our clinical pipeline by in-licensing drug
40
candidates or therapeutics targets that fit within our focus on oncology, such as our collaborations with agenus inc., calithera biosciences, inc., macrogenics, inc., merus n.v., morphosys ag, and syros pharmaceuticals, inc., or explore additional opportunities to further develop and commercialize existing drug candidates in specific jurisdictions, such as our june 2016 acquisition of the development and commercialization rights to iclusig in certain countries. we may be unable to enter into any additional in-licensing agreements because suitable drug candidates that are within our expertise may not be available to us on terms that are acceptable to us or because competitors with greater resources seek to in-license the same drug candidates. drug candidates that we would like to develop or commercialize may not be available to us because they are controlled by competitors who are unwilling to license the rights to the drug candidate to us. in addition, we may enter into license agreements that are unsuccessful and our business and operations might be adversely affected if we are unable to realize the expected economic benefits of a collaboration or other licensing arrangement, by the termination of a drug candidate and termination and winding down of the related license agreement, or due to other business or regulatory issues, including financial difficulties, that may adversely affect a licensor's ability to continue to perform its obligations under an in-license agreement. for example, we may make or incur contractual obligations to make significant upfront payments in connection with licenses for late-stage drug candidates, such as we recently did in entering into a collaboration agreement with morphosys in january 2020, and if any of those drug candidates do not receive marketing approval as anticipated or we have to fund additional clinical trials before marketing approval can be obtained, we will have expended significant funds that might otherwise be applied for other uses or have to expend funds that were not otherwise budgeted or anticipated in connection with the collaboration, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our stock price and our ability to pursue other transactions. as discussed above under "we depend on our collaborators and licensees for the future development and commercialization of some of our drug candidates. conflicts may arise between our collaborators and licensees and us, or our collaborators and licensees may choose to terminate their agreements with us, which may adversely affect our business," conflicts or other issues may arise with our licensors. those conflicts could result in delays in our plans to develop drug candidates or result in the expenditure of additional funds to resolve those conflicts that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. we may also need to license drug delivery or other technology in order to continue to develop our drug candidates. if we are unable to enter into additional agreements to license drug candidates, drug delivery technology or other technology or if these arrangements are unsuccessful, our research and development efforts could be adversely affected.
even if a drug candidate that we develop receives regulatory approval, we may decide not to commercialize it if we determine that commercialization of that product would require more money and time than we are willing to invest.
even if any of our drug candidates receives regulatory approval, it could be subject to post-regulatory surveillance, and may have to be withdrawn from the market or subject to restrictions if previously unknown problems occur. regulatory agencies may also require additional clinical trials or testing, and the drug product may be recalled or may be subject to reformulation, additional studies, changes in labeling, warnings to the public and negative publicity. as a result, we may not continue to commercialize a product even though it has obtained regulatory approval. further, we may decide not to continue to commercialize a product if the market does not accept the product because it is too expensive or because third parties such as insurance companies or medicare, have not approved it for substantial reimbursement. in addition, we may decide not to continue to commercialize a product if competitors develop and commercialize similar or superior products or have proprietary rights that preclude us from ultimately marketing our products.
any approved drug product that we bring to the market may not gain market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community.
even if we or our collaborators are successful in gaining regulatory approval of any of our drug candidates in addition to jakafi and olumiant or acquire rights to approved drug products in addition to iclusig, we may not generate significant product revenues if these drug products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance. physicians may not recommend our or our collaborators' drug products until longer-term clinical data or other factors demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our or our collaborators' drug products as compared to other alternative treatments. even if the clinical safety and efficacy of our or our collaborators' drug products is established, physicians may elect not to prescribe these drug products for a variety of reasons, including the reimbursement policies of government and other third-party payors and the effectiveness of our or our collaborators' competitors in marketing their products.
market acceptance of our drug products, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors,
41
including the following, and market acceptance of our collaborators' drug products will depend on similar factors:
●   the willingness and ability of patients and the healthcare community to use our drug products;

●   the ability to manufacture our drug products in sufficient quantities that meet all applicable quality standards and to offer our drug products for sale at competitive prices;

●   the perception of patients and the healthcare community, including third-party payors, regarding the safety, efficacy and benefits of our drug products compared to those of competing products or therapies;

●   the label and promotional claims allowed by the fda;

●   the pricing and reimbursement of our drug products relative to existing treatments; and

●   marketing and distribution support for our drug products.

we have limited capacity to conduct preclinical testing and clinical trials, and our resulting dependence on other parties could result in delays in and additional costs for our drug development efforts.
we have limited internal resources and capacity to perform preclinical testing and clinical trials. as part of our development strategy, we often hire clinical research organizations, or cros, to perform preclinical testing and clinical trials for drug candidates. if the cros that we hire to perform our preclinical testing and clinical trials do not meet deadlines, do not follow proper procedures, or a conflict arises between us and our cros, our preclinical testing and clinical trials may take longer than expected, may cost more, may be delayed or may be terminated. if we were forced to find a replacement entity to perform any of our preclinical testing or clinical trials, we may not be able to find a suitable entity on favorable terms, or at all. even if we were able to find another company to perform a preclinical test or clinical trial, the delay in the test or trial may result in significant additional expenditures. events such as these may result in delays in our obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates or our ability to commercialize our products and could result in increased expenditures that would adversely affect our operating results.
we face significant competition for our drug discovery and development efforts, and if we do not compete effectively, our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated.
the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. our drug discovery and development efforts may target diseases and conditions that are already subject to existing therapies or that are being developed by our competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources, larger research and development staffs and facilities, more experience in completing preclinical testing and clinical trials, and formulation, marketing and manufacturing capabilities. as a result of these resources, our competitors may develop drug products that render our products obsolete or noncompetitive by developing more effective drugs, developing their products more efficiently or pricing their products more competitively. our ability to develop competitive products would be limited if our competitors succeeded in obtaining regulatory approvals for drug candidates more rapidly than we were able to or in obtaining patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limited our drug development efforts. any drug products resulting from our research and development efforts, or from our joint efforts with collaborators or licensees, might not be able to compete successfully with our competitors' existing and future products, or obtain regulatory approval in the united states or elsewhere. the development of products or processes by our competitors with significant advantages over those that we are developing could harm our future revenues and profitability.
our reliance on other parties to manufacture our drug products and drug candidates could result in a short supply of the drugs, delays in clinical trials or drug development, increased costs, and withdrawal or denial of a regulatory authority's approval.
we do not currently operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial production of jakafi and our other drug candidates or for iclusig. we currently hire third parties to manufacture the raw materials, active
42
pharmaceutical ingredient, or api, and finished drug product of jakafi, iclusig and our other drug candidates for clinical trials. in addition, we expect to continue to rely on third parties for the manufacture of commercial supplies of raw materials, api and finished drug product for any drugs that we successfully develop. we also hire third parties to package and label the finished product. the fda requires that the raw materials, api and finished product for jakafi and our other drug candidates be manufactured according to its current good manufacturing practices regulations and regulatory authorities in other countries have similar requirements. there are only a limited number of manufacturers that comply with these requirements. failure to comply with current good manufacturing practices and the applicable regulatory requirements of other countries in the manufacture of our drug candidates and products could result in the fda or a foreign regulatory authority halting our clinical trials, withdrawing or denying regulatory approval of our drug product, enforcing product recalls or other enforcement actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of our drug candidates or any drug products we may develop if our designated manufacturers do not have the capacity or capability to manufacture them according to our schedule and specifications. manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, especially in scaling up initial production. these problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control and assurance and shortages of qualified personnel. to the extent our supply chain involves parties in china or materials originating in areas of china that are or could be affected by disease outbreaks such as the recent spread of coronavirus in early 2020, we could see disruptions to our supply chain. in addition, we may not be able to arrange for our drug candidates or any drug products that we may develop to be manufactured by one of these parties on reasonable terms, if at all. we generally have a single source or a limited number of suppliers that are qualified to supply each of the api and finished product of jakafi, iclusig and our other drug candidates and, in the case of jakafi, we only have a single source for its raw materials. if any of these suppliers were to become unable or unwilling to supply us with raw materials, api or finished product that complies with applicable regulatory requirements, we could incur significant delays in our clinical trials or interruption of commercial supply that could have a material adverse effect on our business. if we have promised delivery of a drug candidate or drug product and are unable to meet the delivery requirement due to manufacturing difficulties, our development programs could be delayed, we may have to expend additional sums in order to ensure that manufacturing capacity is available when we need it even if we do not use all of the manufacturing capacity, and our business and operating results could be harmed.
we may not be able to adequately manage and oversee the manufacturers we choose, they may not perform as agreed or they may terminate their agreements with us. foreign manufacturing approval processes typically include all of the risks associated with the fda approval process for manufacturing and may also include additional risks.
a number of our collaborations involve the manufacture of antibodies. either we or our collaborators have primary responsibility for manufacturing activities, and we are currently using third-party contract manufacturing organizations. manufacturing antibodies and products containing antibodies is a more complex process than manufacturing small molecule drugs and subject to additional risks. the process of manufacturing antibodies and products containing antibodies is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure or improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics, and difficulties in scaling up the production process. even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. if microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered in our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities in which our product candidates are made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination.
if we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the health care industry, we could face increased costs, penalties and a loss of business.
our activities, and the activities of our collaborators, partners and third-party providers, are subject to extensive government regulation and oversight both in the united states and in foreign jurisdictions. the fda and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions directly regulate many of our most critical business activities, including the conduct of preclinical and clinical studies, product manufacturing, advertising and promotion, product distribution, adverse event reporting and product risk management. states increasingly have been placing greater restrictions on the marketing practices of healthcare companies and have instituted pricing disclosure and other requirements for companies selling pharmaceuticals. in addition, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have been the target of lawsuits and
43
investigations alleging violations of government regulations, including claims asserting submission of incorrect pricing information, improper promotion of pharmaceutical products, payments intended to influence the referral of federal or state healthcare business, submission of false claims for government reimbursement, antitrust violations, violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, or violations related to environmental matters. there is also enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including insurance premium and co-pay assistance programs and donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance. in december 2018, we received a civil investigative demand from the u.s. department of justice for documents and information relating to our speaker programs and patient assistance programs, including our support of non-profit organizations that provide financial assistance to eligible patients. violations of governmental regulation by us, our vendors or donation recipients may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including damages, fines and penalties and exclusion from participation in government programs, including medicare and medicaid. in addition to damages, fines and penalties for violation of laws and regulations, we could be required to repay amounts we received from government payors, or pay additional rebates and interest if we are found to have miscalculated the pricing information we have submitted to the government. actions taken by federal or local governments, legislative bodies and enforcement agencies with respect to these legal and regulatory compliance matters could also result in reduced demand for our products, reduced coverage of our products by health care payors, or both. we cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies, and procedures will in every instance protect us from acts committed by our employees, collaborators, partners or third-party providers that would violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. whether or not we have complied with the law, an investigation into alleged unlawful conduct could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, divert management time and attention and adversely affect our business. risks relating to compliance with laws and regulations may be heightened as we continue to expand our global operations and enter new therapeutic areas with different patient populations, which due to different product distribution methods, marketing programs or patient assistance programs may result in additional regulatory burdens and obligations.
the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or unfit versions of our or our collaborators' products or stolen products could harm our business and reputation.
we are aware that counterfeit versions of our products have been distributed or sold by entities not authorized by us using product packaging suggesting that the product was provided by us. if unauthorized third parties illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our or our collaborators' products, those products may not meet our or our collaborators' rigorous manufacturing, distribution and handling standards. in addition, inventory that is stolen from warehouses, plants or while in-transit, and that is subsequently improperly stored and sold through unauthorized channels, may not meet our or our collaborators' distribution and handling standards. a patient who receives a counterfeit or unfit drug may suffer dangerous health consequences. our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or unfit drugs sold under our brand name and could result in lost sales for us and decreased revenues. if counterfeit or unfit drugs are sold under our or our collaborators' brand names, our reputation and business could suffer harm and we could experience decreased royalty revenues.
as most of our drug discovery and development operations are conducted at our headquarters in wilmington, delaware, the loss of access to this facility would negatively impact our business.
our facility in wilmington, delaware is our headquarters and is also where we conduct most of our drug discovery, research, development and marketing activities. in addition, natural disasters or actions of activists opposed to aspects of pharmaceutical research may disrupt our experiments or our ability to access or use our facility. the loss of access to or use of our wilmington, delaware facility, either on a temporary or permanent basis, would result in an interruption of our business and, consequently, would adversely affect our overall business.
we depend on key employees in a competitive market for skilled personnel, and the loss of the services of any of our key employees or our inability to attract and retain additional personnel would affect our ability to expand our drug discovery and development programs and achieve our objectives.
we are highly dependent on the members of our executive management team and principal members of our commercial, development, medical, operations and scientific staff. we experience intense competition for qualified personnel. our future success also depends in part on the continued service of our executive management team and key
44
personnel and our ability to recruit, train and retain essential personnel for our drug discovery and development programs, and for our medical affairs and commercialization activities. if we lose the services of any of these people or if we are unable to recruit sufficient qualified personnel, our research and product development goals, and our commercialization efforts could be delayed or curtailed. we do not maintain "key person" insurance on any of our employees.
if we fail to manage our growth effectively, our ability to develop and commercialize products could suffer.
we expect that if our drug discovery efforts continue to generate drug candidates, our clinical drug candidates continue to progress in development, and we continue to build our development, medical and commercial organizations, we will require significant additional investment in personnel, management and resources. our ability to achieve our research, development and commercialization objectives depends on our ability to respond effectively to these demands and expand our internal organization, systems, controls and facilities to accommodate additional anticipated growth. if we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business could be harmed and our ability to execute our business strategy could suffer.
we may acquire businesses or assets, form joint ventures or make investments in other companies that may be unsuccessful, divert our management's attention and harm our operating results and prospects.
as part of our business strategy, we may pursue additional acquisitions of what we believe to be complementary businesses or assets or seek to enter into joint ventures. we also may pursue strategic alliances in an effort to leverage our existing infrastructure and industry experience to expand our product offerings or distribution, or make investments in other companies. for example, in june 2016, we completed the acquisition of the european operations of ariad and obtained the exclusive license to develop and commercialize iclusig in europe and other countries. the success of our acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances and investments will depend on our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and, in the case of acquisitions, integrate those transactions and, if necessary, obtain satisfactory debt or equity financing to fund those transactions. we may not realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliance or investment. we may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into our existing business, achieve planned synergies or cost savings, maintain the key business relationships of businesses we acquire, or retain key personnel of an acquired business, and we could assume unknown or contingent liabilities or incur unanticipated expenses. integration of acquired companies or businesses also may require management resources that otherwise would be available for ongoing development of our existing business. any acquisitions or investments made by us also could result in significant write-offs or the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, any of which could harm our operating results. for example, as recently as the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded unrealized losses related to our investments in agenus inc., calithera biosciences, inc., merus n.v. and syros pharmaceuticals, inc., and we may in the future experience additional losses related to our investments. in addition, if we choose to issue shares of our stock as consideration for any acquisition, dilution to our stockholders could result.
risks associated with the expansion of our operations outside of the united states could adversely affect our business.
our acquisition of ariad's european operations significantly expanded our operations in europe, and we plan to continue to expand our operations and conduct certain development activities outside of the united states. for example, as part of our plans to expand our activities outside of the united states, we now conduct some of our drug development activities in japan and are in the process of opening an office in china. international operations and business expansion plans are subject to numerous additional risks, including:
●   multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, privacy regulations, tariffs, export and import restrictions, employment, immigration and labor laws, regulatory requirements, and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses, compliance with which can increase in complexity as we enter into additional jurisdictions;

●   difficulties in staffing and managing operations in diverse countries and difficulties in connection with assimilating and integrating any operations and personnel we might acquire into our company;

45
●   risks associated with obtaining and maintaining, or the failure to obtain or maintain, regulatory approvals for the sale or use of our products in various countries;

●   complexities associated with managing government payor systems, multiple payor-reimbursement regimes or patient self-pay systems;

●   financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty obtaining financing in foreign markets, difficulty enforcing contracts and intellectual property rights, difficulty collecting accounts receivable and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;

●   general political and economic conditions in the countries in which we operate, including terrorism and political unrest, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions, and uncertainties associated with the future relationship between the united kingdom and the european union;

●   public health risks, such as the recent spread in china of coronavirus in early 2020, and related effects on supply chain, travel and employee health and availability; and

●   regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over activities that may fall within the purview of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, its books and records provisions or its anti-bribery provisions, or similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws and regulations in other countries, such as the u.k. anti-bribery act and the u.k. criminal finances act, which may have similarly broad extraterritorial reach.

any of the risks described above, if encountered, could significantly increase our costs of operating internationally, prevent us from operating in certain jurisdictions, or otherwise significantly harm our future international expansion and operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we could face substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our products and our results of operations could be harmed.
in addition to the risks described above under "-risks relating to commercialization of our products-if the use of our products harms patients, or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our products, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted or we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims," the conduct of clinical trials of medical products that are intended for human use entails an inherent risk of product liability. if any product that we or any of our collaborators or licensees develops causes or is alleged to cause injury during clinical trials or commercialization, we may be held liable. if we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities, including substantial damages to be paid to the plaintiffs and legal costs, or we may be required to limit further development and commercialization of our products. additionally, any product liability lawsuit could cause injury to our reputation, participants and investigators to withdraw from clinical trials, and potential collaborators or licensees to seek other partners, any of which could impact our results of operations.
our product liability insurance policy may not fully cover our potential liabilities. in addition, we may determine that we should increase our coverage, and this insurance may be prohibitively expensive to us or our collaborators or licensees and may not fully cover our potential liabilities. since december 30, 2017, we elected to self-insure a portion of our exposure to product liability risks through our wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, in tandem with third-party insurance policies. our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the development or commercialization of our drug candidates and products, and if our liabilities from any such claims exceed our third-party insurance limits and self-insurance reserves, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely impacted.
46
because our activities involve the use of hazardous materials, we may be subject to claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials that could be time consuming and costly.
we are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, the use, handling, storage and disposal of regulated substances and the health and safety of our employees. our research and development processes involve the controlled use of hazardous and radioactive materials and biological waste resulting in the production of hazardous waste products. we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or discharge and any resultant injury from these materials. if any injury or contamination results from our use or the use by our collaborators or licensees of these materials, we may be sued and our liability may exceed our insurance coverage and our total assets. further, we may be required to indemnify our collaborators or licensees against all damages and other liabilities arising out of our development activities or products produced in connection with these collaborations or licenses. compliance with the applicable environmental and workplace laws and regulations is expensive. future changes to environmental, health, workplace and safety laws could cause us to incur additional expense or may restrict our operations or impair our research, development and production efforts.
risks relating to our financial results we may incur losses in the future, and we expect to continue to incur significant expenses to discover and develop drugs, which may make it difficult for us to achieve sustained profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future.
due to historical net losses, we had an accumulated deficit of $1.4 billion as of december 31, 2019. we intend to continue to spend significant amounts on our efforts to discover and develop drugs. as a result, we may incur losses in future periods as well. our revenues, expenses and net income (loss) may fluctuate, even significantly, due to the risks described in these "risk factors" and factors discussed in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" as well as the timing of charges and expenses that we may take, including those relating to transactions such as acquisitions and the entry into collaborative agreements.
we anticipate that our drug discovery and development efforts and related expenditures will increase as we focus on the studies, including preclinical tests and clinical trials prior to seeking regulatory approval, that are required before we can sell a drug product.
the development of drug products will require us to spend significant funds on research, development, testing, obtaining regulatory approvals, manufacturing and marketing. to date, we do not have any drug products that have generated significant revenues other than from sales of jakafi and we cannot assure you that we will generate significant revenues from the drug candidates that we license or develop, including iclusig, for several years, if ever.
we cannot be certain whether or when we will achieve sustained or increased profitability on a quarterly or annual basis because of the factors discussed above and the significant uncertainties relating to our ability to generate commercially successful drug products. even if we are successful in obtaining regulatory approvals for manufacturing and commercializing drug products in addition to jakafi and iclusig, we may incur losses if our drug products do not generate significant revenues.
we may need additional capital in the future. if we are unable to generate sufficient funds from operations, the capital markets may not permit us to raise additional capital at the time that we require it, which could result in limitations on our research and development or commercialization efforts or the loss of certain of our rights in our technologies or drug candidates.
our future funding requirements will depend on many factors and we anticipate that we may need to raise additional capital to fund our business plan and research and development efforts going-forward.
additional factors that may affect our future funding requirements include:
●   the amount of revenues generated from our business activities;

47
●   any changes in the breadth of our research and development programs;

●   the results of research and development, preclinical testing and clinical trials conducted by us or our current or future collaborators or licensees, if any;

●   our exercise of any co-development options with collaborators that may require us to fund future development;

●   the acquisition of businesses, technologies, or drug candidates, or the licensing of technologies or drug candidates, if any;

●   costs for future facility requirements;

●   our ability to maintain and establish new corporate relationships and research collaborations;

●   competing technological and market developments;

●   the time and costs involved in filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent and intellectual property claims;

●   the receipt of contingent licensing or milestone fees or royalties on product sales from our current or future collaborative and license arrangements, if established; and

●   the timing of regulatory approvals, if any.

if we require additional capital at a time when investment in companies such as ours, or in the marketplace generally, is limited due to the then prevailing market or other conditions, we may have to scale back our operations, eliminate one or more of our research or development programs, or attempt to obtain funds by entering into an agreement with a collaborator or licensee that would result in terms that are not favorable to us or relinquishing our rights in certain of our proprietary technologies or drug candidates. if we are unable to raise funds at the time that we desire or at any time thereafter on acceptable terms, we may not be able to continue to develop our drug candidates. the sale of equity or additional convertible debt securities in the future may be dilutive to our stockholders and may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our holders of common stock, and debt financing arrangements may require us to pledge certain assets or enter into covenants that could restrict our operations or our ability to incur further indebtedness.
our marketable securities and long term investments are subject to risks that could adversely affect our overall financial position.
we invest our cash in accordance with an established internal policy and customarily in instruments, corporate bonds and money market funds which historically have been highly liquid and carried relatively low risk. in recent periods, similar types of investments and money market funds have experienced losses in value or liquidity issues that differ from their historical pattern.
should a portion of our cash or marketable securities lose value or have their liquidity impaired, it could adversely affect our overall financial position by imperiling our ability to fund our operations and forcing us to seek additional financing sooner than we would otherwise. such financing, if available, may not be available on commercially attractive terms.
as discussed under "other risks relating to our business- we may acquire businesses or assets, form joint ventures or make investments in other companies that may be unsuccessful, divert our management's attention and harm our operating results and prospects," any investments that we may make in companies with which we have strategic alliances, such as agenus and merus, could result in our recognition of losses on those investments. in addition, to the extent we may seek to sell or otherwise monetize those investments, we may not be able to do so at our desired price or
48
valuation levels, or at all, due to the limited liquidity of some or all of those investments.
any loss in value of our long term investments could adversely affect our financial position on the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations.
our current revenues are derived from jakafi and iclusig product sales, jakavi and olumiant product royalties, collaborations and from licensing our intellectual property. if we are unable to achieve milestones, develop products or renew or enter into new collaborations, our revenues may decrease, and future milestone and royalty payments may not contribute significantly to revenues for several years, and may never result in revenues.
we derived substantially all of our revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 from jakafi and iclusig product revenues, jakavi and olumiant product royalties and our collaborations and licensing our intellectual property to others. future revenues from research and development collaborations depend upon continuation of the collaborations, the achievement of milestones and royalties we earn from any future products developed from our research. if we are unable to successfully achieve milestones or our collaborators fail to develop successful products, we will not earn the future revenues contemplated under our collaborative agreements. for example, delays in or other limitations with respect to the approval of baricitinib in the united states for the treatment of moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis, or the failure to obtain such approval, as discussed under "-we depend on our collaborators and licensees for the future development and commercialization of some of our drug candidates. conflicts may arise between our collaborators and licensees and us, or our collaborators and licensees may choose to terminate their agreements with us, which may adversely affect our business." would affect potential future royalty and milestone and contract revenue. in addition, our revenues are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations due to the global nature of our operations. to the extent that our non-u.s. source revenues represent a more significant portion of our total revenues, these fluctuations could materially affect our operating results.
risks relating to intellectual property and legal matters if we are subject to arbitration, litigation and infringement claims, they could be costly and disrupt our drug discovery and development efforts.
the technology that we use to make and develop our drug products, the technology that we incorporate in our products, and the products we are developing may be subject to claims that they infringe the patents or proprietary rights of others. the success of our drug discovery and development efforts will also depend on our ability to develop new compounds, drugs and technologies without infringing or misappropriating the proprietary rights of others. we are aware of patents and patent applications filed in certain countries claiming intellectual property relating to some of our drug discovery targets and drug candidates. while the validity of issued patents, patentability of pending patent applications and applicability of any of them to our programs are uncertain, if any of these patents are asserted against us or if we choose to license any of these patents, our ability to commercialize our products could be harmed or the potential return to us from any product that may be successfully commercialized could be diminished.
from time to time we have received, and we may in the future receive, notices from third parties offering licenses to technology or alleging patent, trademark, or copyright infringement, claims regarding trade secrets or other contract claims. receipt of these notices could result in significant costs as a result of the diversion of the attention of management from our drug discovery and development efforts. parties sending these notices may have brought and in the future may bring litigation against us or seek arbitration relating to contract claims.
we may be involved in future lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement or other intellectual property rights or contract violations. in addition, litigation or other legal proceedings may be necessary to:
●   assert claims of infringement;

●   enforce our patents or trademarks;

●   protect our trade secrets or know-how; or

49
●   determine the enforceability, scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others.

we may be unsuccessful in defending or pursuing these lawsuits, claims or other legal proceedings. regardless of the outcome, litigation or other legal proceedings can be very costly and can divert management's efforts. an adverse determination may subject us to significant liabilities or require us or our collaborators or licensees to seek licenses to other parties' patents or proprietary rights. we or our collaborators or licensees may also be restricted or prevented from manufacturing or selling a drug or other product that we or they develop. further, we or our future collaborators or licensees may not be able to obtain any necessary licenses on acceptable terms, if at all. if we are unable to develop non-infringing technology or license technology on a timely basis or on reasonable terms, our business could be harmed.
we may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our proprietary information, which may result in its unauthorized use, a loss of revenue under a collaboration agreement or loss of sales to generic versions of our products or otherwise reduce our ability to compete in developing and commercializing products.
our business and competitive position depends in significant part upon our ability to protect our proprietary technology, including any drug products that we create. despite our efforts to protect this information, unauthorized parties may attempt to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. for example, one of our collaborators may disclose proprietary information pertaining to our drug discovery efforts. in addition, while we have filed numerous patent applications with respect to ruxolitinib and our drug candidates in the united states and in foreign countries, our patent applications may fail to result in issued patents. in addition, because patent applications can take several years to issue as patents, there may be pending patent applications of others that may later issue as patents that cover some aspect of ruxolitinib and our drug candidates. our existing patents and any future patents we may obtain may not be broad enough to protect our products or all of the potential uses of our products, or otherwise prevent others from developing competing products or technologies. in addition, our patents may be challenged and invalidated or may fail to provide us with any competitive advantages if, for example, others were first to invent or first to file a patent application for the technologies and products covered by our patents. as noted above under "-risks relating to commercialization of our products-competition for our products could potentially harm our business and result in a decrease in our revenue," a potential generic drug company competitor has challenged certain patents relating to jakafi.
additionally, when we do not control the prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of certain important intellectual property, such as a drug candidate in-licensed to us or subject to a collaboration with a third-party, the protection of the intellectual property rights may not be in our hands. if we do not control the intellectual property rights in-licensed to us with respect to a drug candidate and the entity that controls the intellectual property rights does not adequately protect those rights, our rights may be impaired, which may impact our ability to develop, market and commercialize the in-licensed drug candidate.
our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate, and our competitors may:
●   independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information, products and techniques;

●   otherwise gain access to our proprietary information; or

●   design around patents issued to us or our other intellectual property.

we pursue a policy of having our employees, consultants and advisors execute proprietary information and invention agreements when they begin working for us. however, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. if we fail to maintain trade secret and patent protection, our potential future revenues may be decreased.
if the effective term of our patents is decreased due to changes in the united states patent laws or if we need to refile some of our patent applications, the value of our patent portfolio and the revenues we derive from it may be decreased.
the value of our patents depends, in part, on their duration. a shorter period of patent protection could lessen the value of our rights under any patents that we obtain and may decrease the revenues we derive from our patents. the united
50
states patent laws provide a term of patent protection of 20 years from the earliest effective filing date of the patent application. because the time from filing to issuance of biotechnology applications may be more than three years depending on the subject matter, a 20-year patent term from the filing date may result in substantially shorter patent protection.
additionally, united states patent laws were amended in 2011 with the enactment of the america invents act and third parties are now able to challenge the validity of issued u.s. patents through various review proceedings; thus rendering the validity of u.s. patents more uncertain. we may be obligated to participate in review proceedings to determine the validity of our u.s. patents. we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, the conduct of which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our efforts and resources. if we are unsuccessful in these proceedings some or all of our claims in the patents may be narrowed or invalidated and the patent protection for our products and drug candidates in the united states could be substantially shortened. further, if all of the patents covering one of our products are invalidated, the fda could approve requests to manufacture a generic version of that product prior to the expiration date of those patents.
other changes in the united states patent laws or changes in the interpretation of patent laws could diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. for example, the supreme court of the united states resolved a split among the circuit courts of appeals regarding antitrust challenges to settlements of patent infringement lawsuits under the hatch-waxman act between brand-name drug companies and generic drug companies. the court rejected the "scope of the patent" test and ruled that settlements involving "reverse payments" from brand-name drug companies to generic drug companies should be analyzed under the rule of reason. this ruling may create uncertainty and make it more difficult to settle patent litigation if a company seeking to manufacture a generic version of one of our products challenges the patents covering that product prior to the expiration date of those patents.
international patent protection is particularly uncertain and costly, and our involvement in opposition proceedings in foreign countries may result in the expenditure of substantial sums and management resources.
biotechnology and pharmaceutical patent law outside the united states is even more uncertain and costly than in the united states and is currently undergoing review and revision in many countries. further, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as united states laws. for example, certain countries do not grant patent claims that are directed to the treatment of humans. we have participated, and may in the future participate, in opposition proceedings to determine the validity of our foreign patents or our competitors' foreign patents, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our efforts. successful challenges to our patent or other intellectual property rights through these proceedings could result in a loss of rights in the relevant jurisdiction and allow third parties to use our proprietary technologies without a license from us or our collaborators, which may also result in loss of future royalty payments. in addition, successful challenges may jeopardize or delay our ability to enter into new collaborations or commercialize potential products, which could harm our business and results of operations.
risks relating to information technology and data privacy significant disruptions of information technology systems, breaches of data security, or unauthorized disclosures of sensitive data or personally identifiable information or individually identifiable health information could adversely affect our business, and could subject us to liability or reputational damage.
our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology (it) systems, including internet-based systems, some of which are managed or hosted by third parties, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. the size and complexity of our it systems make us potentially vulnerable to it system breakdowns, malicious intrusion, and computer viruses, which may result in the impairment of our ability to operate our business effectively.
we are continuously evaluating and, where appropriate, enhancing our it systems to address our planned growth, including to support our planned manufacturing operations. there are inherent costs and risks associated with implementing the enhancements to our it systems, including potential delays in access to, or errors in, critical business and financial information, substantial capital expenditures, additional administrative time and operating expenses, retention of sufficiently skilled personnel to implement and operate the enhanced systems, demands on management time, and costs
51
of delays or difficulties in transitioning to the enhanced systems, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. in addition, the implementation of enhancements to our it systems may not result in productivity improvements at a level that outweighs the costs of implementation, or at all. in addition, our systems and the systems of our third-party providers and collaborators are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons or to the public. such data security breaches could lead to the loss of confidential information, trade secrets or other intellectual property, could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including personally identifiable information or individually identifiable health information) of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, business partners, and others, could lead to potential identity theft, or could lead to reputational harm. data security breaches could also result in loss of clinical trial data or damage to the integrity of that data. in addition, the increased use of social media by our employees and contractors could result in inadvertent disclosure of sensitive data or personal information, including but not limited to, confidential information, trade secrets and other intellectual property.
any such disruption or security breach, as well as any action by us or our employees or contractors that might be inconsistent with the rapidly evolving data privacy and security laws and regulations applicable within the united states and elsewhere where we conduct business, could result in enforcement actions by u.s. states, the u.s. federal government or foreign governments, liability or sanctions under data privacy laws, including healthcare laws such as hipaa, that protect certain types of sensitive information, regulatory penalties, other legal proceedings such as but not limited to private litigation, the incurrence of significant remediation costs, disruptions to our development programs, business operations and collaborations, diversion of management efforts and damage to our reputation, which could harm our business and operations. because of the rapidly moving nature of technology and the increasing sophistication of cybersecurity threats, our measures to prevent, respond to and minimize such risks may be unsuccessful.
in addition, the european parliament and the council of the european union has adopted a comprehensive general data privacy regulation, known as the gdpr, which governs the collection and use of personal data in the european union. the gdpr, which is wide-ranging in scope, imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the security and confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification and the use of third party processors in connection with the processing of the personal data. the gdpr also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the european union to the united states, provides an enforcement authority and imposes large penalties for noncompliance, including the potential for fines of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater. the gdpr and other similar laws or regulations enacted in the united states or other jurisdictions associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of sensitive data, including healthcare data or other personal information, may increase our costs of doing business, and the differing requirements of these laws and regulations can complicate our compliance efforts.
increasing use of social media could give rise to liability, breaches of data security, or reputational damage.
we and our employees are increasingly utilizing social media tools as a means of communication both internally and externally. despite our efforts to monitor evolving social media communication guidelines and comply with applicable rules, there is risk that the use of social media by us or our employees to communicate about our products or business may cause us to be found in violation of applicable requirements. in addition, our employees may knowingly or inadvertently make use of social media in ways that may not comply with our social media policy or other legal or contractual requirements, which may give rise to liability, lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or result in public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. furthermore, negative posts or comments about us or our products in social media could seriously damage our reputation, brand image, and goodwill.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected consolidated financial data" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report.
a discussion of our financial performance for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 appears below under the captions "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources." a discussion of our financial performance for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 can be found under the same captions in item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on february 14, 2019, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and our investor relations website at investor.incyte.com/financial-information/annual-reports. these website addresses are intended to be inactive, textual references only. none of the materials on, or accessible through, these websites are part of this report or are incorporated by reference herein.
overview incyte is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. our global headquarters is located in wilmington, delaware. we conduct our european clinical development and commercial operations from our offices in geneva, switzerland and lausanne, switzerland, and we conduct our japanese operations from our office in tokyo.
jakafi (ruxolitinib) is our first product to be approved for sale in the united states. it is an oral jak1 and jak2 inhibitor and was approved by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) in november 2011 for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, in december 2014 for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea and in may 2019 for the treatment of steroid‐refractory acute graft‐versus‐host disease (gvhd) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older. myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera are both rare blood cancers, and gvhd is an adverse immune response to an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant.
in june 2016, we acquired from ariad pharmaceuticals, inc. (ariad) all of the outstanding shares of ariad pharmaceuticals (luxembourg) s.à.r.l., the parent company of ariad's european subsidiaries responsible for the
57
development and commercialization of iclusig in the european union and other countries, including switzerland, norway, turkey, israel and russia. we obtained an exclusive license to develop and commercialize iclusig in those countries. iclusig is approved in the european union for the treatment of patients with chronic myeloid leukemia and philadelphia-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia who are resistant to or intolerant of certain second-generation bcr-abl inhibitors and all patients who have the t3151 mutation.
under our collaboration agreement with novartis international pharmaceutical ltd., novartis received exclusive development and commercialization rights to ruxolitinib outside of the united states for all hematologic and oncologic indications and sells ruxolitinib outside of the united states under the name jakavi. in april 2016, we amended this agreement to provide that novartis has exclusive research, development and commercialization rights outside of the united states to ruxolitinib (excluding topical formulations) in the gvhd field.
under our collaboration agreement with eli lilly and company, lilly received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to our second oral jak1 and jak2 inhibitor, baricitinib, for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. in january 2016, lilly submitted a new drug application (nda) to the fda and a marketing authorization application (maa) to the european medicines agency for baricitinib as treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. in february 2017, we and lilly announced that the european commission approved baricitinib as olumiant for the treatment of moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients who have responded inadequately to, or who are intolerant to, one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs. in july 2017, japan's ministry of health, labor and welfare granted marketing approval for olumiant for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis in patients with inadequate response to standard-of-care therapies. in june 2018, the fda approved the 2mg dose of olumiant for the treatment of adults with moderately-to-severely active rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response to one or more tumor necrosis factor inhibitor therapies.
since we began our drug-discovery and development activities in early 2002, we have filed numerous investigational new drug (ind) applications and progressed multiple internally developed proprietary compounds into clinical development. two new drug applications (ndas) seeking marketing approval for drug candidates discovered by incyte are currently under review by the fda; the nda for pemigatinib was submitted by incyte in september 2019 and the nda for capmatinib was submitted by novartis in december 2019.
license agreements and business relationships we establish business relationships, including collaborative arrangements with other companies and medical research institutions to assist in the clinical development and/or commercialization of certain of our drugs and drug candidates and to provide support for our research programs. we also evaluate opportunities for acquiring products or rights to products and technologies that are complementary to our business from other companies and medical research institutions.
below is a brief description of our significant business relationships and collaborations and related license agreements that expand our pipeline and provide us with certain rights to existing and potential new products and technologies.
novartis in november 2009, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with novartis. under the terms of the agreement, novartis received exclusive development and commercialization rights outside of the united states to ruxolitinib and certain back-up compounds for hematologic and oncology indications, including all hematological malignancies, solid tumors and myeloproliferative diseases. we retained exclusive development and commercialization rights to jakafi (ruxolitinib) in the united states and in certain other indications. novartis also received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to our met inhibitor compound capmatinib and certain back-up compounds in all indications. we retained options to co-develop and to co-promote capmatinib in the united states.
under this agreement, we received an upfront payment and immediate milestone payment totaling $210.0 million and were initially eligible to receive additional payments of up to approximately $1.2 billion if defined development and
58
commercialization milestones are achieved. we are also eligible to receive tiered, double-digit royalties ranging from the upper-teens to the mid-twenties percent on future ruxolitinib net sales outside of the united states, and tiered, worldwide royalties on future capmatinib net sales that range from 12% to 14%. in addition, novartis has received reimbursement and pricing approval for ruxolitinib in a specified number of countries, and we are now obligated to pay to novartis tiered royalties in the low single-digits on future ruxolitinib net sales within the united states. each company is responsible for costs relating to the development and commercialization of ruxolitinib in its respective territories, with costs of collaborative studies shared equally. novartis is also responsible for all costs relating to the development and commercialization of capmatinib.
in april 2016, we amended this agreement to provide that novartis has exclusive research, development and commercialization rights outside of the united states to ruxolitinib (excluding topical formulations) in the gvhd field. under this amendment, we received a $5.0 million payment in exchange for the development and commercialization rights to ruxolitinib in gvhd outside of the united states and became eligible to receive up to $75.0 million of additional potential development and regulatory milestones relating to gvhd. in march 2017, we recognized a $25.0 million milestone for the first patient first visit in a gvhd study and in december 2017, we recognized a $40.0 million milestone for novartis achieving annual net sales of a jak licensed product of $600.0 million. in december 2018, we recognized a $60.0 million milestone for novartis achieving annual net sales of a jak licensed product of $900.0 million.
the novartis agreement will continue on a program-by-program basis until novartis has no royalty payment obligations with respect to such program or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement or any program in accordance with the terms of the agreement. royalties are payable by novartis on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country and (iii) a specified period from first commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by novartis or its affiliates or sublicensees. the agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a program-by-program basis by novartis for convenience. the agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material breach.
lilly in december 2009, we entered into a license, development and commercialization agreement with lilly. under the terms of the agreement, lilly received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to baricitinib and certain back-up compounds for inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. we received an initial payment of $90.0 million, and were initially eligible to receive additional payments of up to $665.0 million based on the achievement of defined development, regulatory and commercialization milestones.
we retained options to co-develop our jak1/jak2 inhibitors with lilly on a compound-by-compound and indication-by-indication basis. lilly is responsible for all costs relating to the development and commercialization of the compounds unless we elect to co-develop any compounds or indications. if we elect to co-develop any compounds and/or indications, we would be responsible for funding 30% of the associated future global development costs from the initiation of a phase iib trial through regulatory approval, including post-launch studies required by a regulatory authority. we would receive an incremental royalty rate increase across all tiers resulting in effective royalty rates ranging up to the high twenties on potential future global net sales for compounds and/or indications that we elect to co-develop. for indications that we elect not to co-develop, we would receive tiered, double-digit royalty payments on future global net sales with rates ranging up to 20% if the product is successfully commercialized. if we have started co-development funding for any indication, we can at any time opt out and stop future co-development cost sharing. if we elect to do this we would still be eligible for our base royalties plus an incremental pro-rated royalty commensurate with our contribution to the total co-development cost for those indications for which we co-funded. we previously had retained an option to co-promote products in the united states but, in march 2016, we waived our co-promotion option as part of an amendment to the agreement.
in july 2010, we elected to co-develop baricitinib with lilly in rheumatoid arthritis, and subsequently in several additional indications, and became responsible for funding 30% of the associated global development costs for such indications from the initiation of the phase iib trial through regulatory approval, including post-launch studies required by a regulatory authority. in april 2019, we elected to end additional co-funding of the development of baricitinib in all
59
indications, effective as of january 1, 2019. pursuant to the terms of the lilly agreement, we will continue to receive base tiered royalties on global net sales of olumiant in all indications, as well as pro-rated incremental royalties, as described above.
in march 2016, we entered into an amendment to the agreement with lilly that allows us to engage in the development and commercialization of ruxolitinib in the gvhd field. upon execution of the amendment, we paid lilly an upfront payment of $35.0 million and lilly is eligible to receive up to $40.0 million in regulatory milestone payments relating to ruxolitinib in the gvhd field. in may 2019, the approval of jakafi in steroid-refractory acute gvhd triggered a $20.0 million milestone payment to lilly.
in february 2017, the european commission announced the approval of baricitinib as olumiant, triggering a $65.0 million milestone payment from lilly. in july 2017, japan's mhlw granted marketing approval for olumiant, triggering a $15.0 million milestone payment from lilly. in december 2017, we recognized a $30.0 million milestone payment for the first patient treated in the atopic dermatitis phase iii program for baricitinib. in june 2018, the fda approved the 2mg dose of olumiant, triggering a $100.0 million milestone payment from lilly. in september 2018, we recognized a $20.0 million milestone payment for the first patient treated in the systemic lupus erythematosus phase iii program for baricitinib.
the lilly agreement will continue until lilly no longer has any royalty payment obligations or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement in accordance with its terms. royalties are payable by lilly on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of (i) the expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights covering the licensed product in the relevant country, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country and (iii) a specified period from first commercial sale in such country of the licensed product by lilly or its affiliates or sublicensees. the agreement may be terminated by lilly for convenience, and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach.
agenus in january 2015, we entered into a license, development and commercialization agreement with agenus inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, 4-antibody ag (now known as agenus switzerland inc.), which we collectively refer to as agenus. under this agreement, the parties have agreed to collaborate on the discovery of novel immuno-therapeutics using agenus' antibody discovery platforms. in february 2017, we and agenus amended this agreement.
under the terms of this agreement, as amended, we received exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to four checkpoint modulators directed against gitr, ox40, lag-3 and tim-3. in addition to the initial four program targets, we and agenus have the option to jointly nominate and pursue additional targets within the framework of the collaboration, and in november 2015, three more targets were added. targets may be designated profit-share programs, where all costs and profits are shared equally by us and agenus, or royalty-bearing programs, where we are responsible for all costs associated with discovery, preclinical, clinical development and commercialization activities. the programs relating to gitr and ox40 and two of the undisclosed targets were profit-share programs until february 2017, while the other targets currently under collaboration are royalty-bearing programs. the february 2017 amendment converted the programs relating to gitr and ox40 to royalty-bearing programs and removed from the collaboration the profit-share programs relating to the two undisclosed targets, with one reverting to us and one reverting to agenus. should any of those removed programs be successfully developed by a party, the other party will be eligible to receive the same milestone payments as the royalty-bearing programs and royalties at a 15% rate on global net sales. there are currently no profit-share programs. for each royalty-bearing product other than gitr and ox40, agenus will be eligible to receive tiered royalties on global net sales ranging from 6% to 12%. for gitr and ox40, agenus will be eligible to receive 15% royalties on global net sales. under the february 2017 amendment, we paid agenus $20.0 million in accelerated milestones relating to the clinical development of the gitr and ox40 programs. agenus is eligible to receive up to an additional $510.0 million in future contingent development, regulatory and commercialization milestones across all programs in the collaboration. the agreement may be terminated by us for convenience upon 12 months' notice and may also be terminated under certain other circumstances, including material breach.
60
takeda (ariad)
in june 2016, we acquired from ariad pharmaceuticals, inc. all of the outstanding shares of ariad pharmaceuticals (luxembourg) s.à.r.l., the parent company of ariad's european subsidiaries responsible for the development and commercialization of iclusig in the european union and other countries. we obtained an exclusive license to develop and commercialize iclusig in europe and other select countries. ariad was subsequently acquired by takeda pharmaceutical company limited in 2017. as such, takeda will be eligible to receive from us tiered royalties on net sales of iclusig in our territory and up to $135.0 million in potential future oncology development and regulatory approval milestone payments, together with additional milestone payments for non-oncology indications, if approved, in our territory.
merus in december 2016, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with merus n.v. under this agreement, which became effective in january 2017, the parties have agreed to collaborate with respect to the research, discovery and development of bispecific antibodies utilizing merus' technology platform. the collaboration encompasses up to eleven independent programs.
the most advanced collaboration program is mcla-145, a bispecific antibody targeting pd-l1 and cd137, for which we received exclusive development and commercialization rights outside of the united states. merus retained exclusive development and commercialization rights in the united states to mcla-145. each party will share equally the costs of mutually agreed global development activities for mcla-145, and fund itself any independent development activities in its territory. merus will be responsible for commercializing mcla-145 in the united states and we will be responsible for commercializing it outside of the united states.
in addition to receiving rights to mcla-145 outside of the united states, we received worldwide exclusive development and commercialization rights to up to ten additional programs. of these ten additional programs, merus retained the option, subject to certain conditions, to co-fund development of up to two such programs. if merus exercises its co-funding option for a program, merus would be responsible for funding 35% of the associated future global development costs and, for certain of such programs, would be responsible for reimbursing us for certain development costs incurred prior to the option exercise. merus will also have the right to participate in a specified proportion of detailing activities in the united states for one of those co-developed programs. all costs related to the co-funded collaboration programs are subject to joint research and development plans and overseen by a joint development committee, but we will have final determination as to such plans in cases of dispute. we will be responsible for all research, development and commercialization costs relating to all other programs.
in february 2017, we paid merus an upfront non-refundable payment of $120.0 million. for each program as to which merus does not have commercialization or development co-funding rights, merus will be eligible to receive up to $100.0 million in future contingent development and regulatory milestones, and up to $250.0 million in commercialization milestones as well as tiered royalties ranging from 6% to 10% of global net sales. for each program as to which merus exercises its option to co-fund development, merus will be eligible to receive a 50% share of profits (or sustain 50% of any losses) in the united states and be eligible to receive tiered royalties ranging from 6% to 10% of net sales of products outside of the united states. if merus opts to cease co-funding a program as to which it exercised its co-development option, then merus will no longer receive a share of profits in the united states but will be eligible to receive the same milestones from the co-funding termination date and the same tiered royalties described above with respect to programs where merus does not have a right to co-fund development and, depending on the stage at which merus chose to cease co-funding development costs, merus will be eligible to receive additional royalties ranging up to 4% of net sales in the united states. for mcla-145, we and merus will each be eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales in the other party's territory at rates ranging from 6% to 10%.
the merus agreement will continue on a program-by-program basis until we have no royalty payment obligations with respect to such program or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement or any program in accordance with the terms of the agreement. the agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a program-by-program basis by us for convenience. the agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material
61
breach, as set forth in the agreement. if the agreement is terminated with respect to one or more programs, all rights in the terminated programs revert to merus, subject to payment to us of a reverse royalty of up to 4% on sales of future products, if merus elects to pursue development and commercialization of products arising from the terminated programs.
calithera in january 2017, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with calithera biosciences, inc. under this agreement, we received an exclusive, worldwide license to develop and commercialize small molecule arginase inhibitors, including incb01158 (cb-1158), which is currently in phase i clinical trials, for hematology and oncology indications. we have agreed to co-fund 70% of the global development costs for the development of the licensed products for hematology and oncology indications. calithera will have the right to conduct certain clinical development under the collaboration, including combination studies of a licensed product with a proprietary compound of calithera. we will be entitled to 60% of the profits and losses from net sales of licensed product in the united states, and calithera will have the right to co-detail licensed products in the united states, and we have agreed to pay calithera tiered royalties ranging from the low to mid-double digits on net sales of licensed products outside the united states. calithera may opt out of its co-funding obligation, in which case the u.s. profit sharing will no longer be in effect, and we have agreed to pay calithera tiered royalties ranging from the low to mid-double digits on net sales of licensed products both in the united states and outside the united states, and additional royalties to reimburse calithera for previously incurred development costs.
calithera retains rights to certain arginase inhibitors that are not part of the collaboration for specific orphan indications outside of hematology and oncology, subject to our rights to negotiate a license for any such programs under specified circumstances if calithera elects to out-license them.
in january 2017, we paid calithera an upfront license fee of $45.0 million and have agreed to pay potential development, regulatory and sales milestone payments of over $430.0 million if the profit share is in effect, or $750.0 million if the profit share terminates.
the calithera agreement will continue on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis for so long as we are developing or commercializing products in the united states (if the parties are sharing profits in the united states) and until we have no further royalty payment obligations, unless earlier terminated according to the terms of the agreement. the agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a product-by-product and/or a country-by-country basis by us for convenience. the agreement may also be terminated by us for calithera's uncured material breach, by calithera for our uncured material breach and by either party for bankruptcy or patent challenge. if the agreement is terminated early with respect to one or more products or countries, all rights in the terminated products and countries revert to calithera.
macrogenics in october 2017, we entered into a global collaboration and license agreement with macrogenics. under this agreement, we received exclusive development and commercialization rights worldwide to macrogenics' incmga0012, an investigational monoclonal antibody that inhibits pd-1. except as set forth in the succeeding sentence, we will have sole authority over and bear all costs and expenses in connection with the development and commercialization of incmga0012 in all indications, whether as a monotherapy or as part of a combination regimen.  macrogenics has retained the right to develop and commercialize, at its cost and expense, its pipeline assets in combination with incmga0012.  in addition, macrogenics has the right to manufacture a portion of both companies' global clinical and commercial supply needs of incmga0012. in 2017, we paid macrogenics an upfront payment of $150.0 million and in 2018, we paid macrogenics milestones totaling $15.0 million. macrogenics will be eligible to receive up to an additional $405.0 million in future contingent development and regulatory milestones, and up to $330.0 million in commercial milestones as well as tiered royalties ranging from 15% to 24% of global net sales.
the macrogenics agreement will continue until we are no longer commercializing, developing or manufacturing incmga0012 or, if earlier, the termination of the agreement in accordance with its terms.  the agreement may be terminated in its entirety or on a licensed product by licensed product basis by us for convenience.  the agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain other circumstances, including material breach, as set forth in the agreement.
62
syros in january 2018, we entered into a target discovery, research collaboration and option agreement with syros pharmaceuticals, inc. under this agreement, syros will use its proprietary gene control platform to identify novel therapeutic targets with a focus in myeloproliferative neoplasms and we have received options to obtain exclusive worldwide rights to intellectual property resulting from the collaboration for up to seven validated targets. we will have exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize any therapies under the collaboration that modulate those validated targets. we paid syros $2.5 million in cash for access to proprietary technology and $7.5 million in cash for research and development services. we have agreed to pay syros up to $54.0 million in target selection and option exercise fees should we decide to exercise all of our options under the agreement. for products resulting from the collaboration against each of the seven selected and validated targets, we have agreed to pay up to $50.0 million in potential development and regulatory milestones and up to $65.0 million in potential commercial milestones. syros is also eligible to receive low single-digit royalties on net sales of products resulting from the collaboration.
innovent in december 2018, we entered into a research collaboration and licensing agreement with innovent biologics, inc. under the terms of this agreement, innovent received exclusive development and commercialization rights to our clinical-stage product candidates pemigatinib, itacitinib and parsaclisib in hematology and oncology in mainland china, hong kong, macau and taiwan. in january 2019, we recognized an upfront payment under this agreement of $40.0 million upon our transfer of the intellectual property related to the clinical-stage product candidates to innovent. in addition, we are eligible to receive $20.0 million in connection with the first related ind filing in china, up to $129.0 million in potential development and regulatory milestones, and up to $202.5 million in potential commercial milestones. we are also eligible to receive tiered royalties from the high-teens to the low-twenties on future sales of products resulting from the collaboration. we retain an option to assist in the promotion of the three product candidates in the innovent territories. in june 2019, we recognized the $20.0 million milestone for the first related ind filing in china.
zai lab in july 2019, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with a subsidiary of zai lab limited. under the terms of this agreement, zai lab received development and exclusive commercialization rights to incmga0012 in hematology and oncology in mainland china, hong kong, macau and taiwan. we recognized an upfront payment under this agreement of $17.5 million in august 2019 upon our transfer of technology related to the licensed product candidate to zai lab, and are eligible to receive an additional $60.0 million in potential development, regulatory and commercial milestones, as well as tiered royalties from the low to mid-twenties. we also retain an option to assist in the promotion of incmga0012 in zai lab's licensed territories.
morphosys in january 2020, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with morphosys ag and morphosys us inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of morphosys ag, covering the worldwide development and commercialization of mor208 (tafasitamab), an investigational fc engineered monoclonal antibody directed against the target molecule cd19 that is currently in clinical development by morphosys. morphosys has exclusive worldwide development and commercialization rights to tafasitamab under a june 2010 collaboration and license agreement with xencor, inc. in december 2019, morphosys submitted a biologics license application to the fda for tafasitamab for the treatment of relapsed or refractory diffuse large b cell lymphoma.
under the terms of the agreement, we will receive exclusive commercialization rights outside of the united states, and morphosys and we will have co-commercialization rights in the united states, with respect to tafasitamab. morphosys will be responsible for leading the commercialization strategy and booking all revenue from sales of tafasitamab in the united states, and we and morphosys will both be responsible for commercialization efforts in the united states and will share equally the profits and losses from the co-commercialization efforts. we will lead the commercialization strategy outside of the united states, and will be responsible for commercialization efforts and book all revenue from sales of tafasitamab outside of the united states, subject to our royalty payment obligations set forth
63
below. we and morphosys have agreed to co-develop tafasitamab and to share development costs associated with global and u.s.-specific clinical trials, with incyte responsible for 55% of such costs and morphosys responsible for 45% of such costs. each company will be responsible for funding any independent development activities, and we will be responsible for funding development activities specific to our territory. all development costs related to the collaboration will be subject to a joint development plan.
we have agreed to pay morphosys an upfront non-refundable payment of $750.0 million. morphosys will be eligible to receive up to $740.0 million in future contingent development and regulatory milestones and up to $315.0 million in commercialization milestones as well as tiered royalties ranging from the mid-teens to mid-twenties of net sales outside of the united states. morphosys' right to receive royalties in any particular country will expire upon the last to occur of (a) the expiration of patent rights in that particular country, (b) a specified period of time after the first post-marketing authorization sale of a licensed product comprising tafasitamab in that country, and (c) the expiration of any regulatory exclusivity for that licensed product in that country.
the effectiveness of the agreement is conditioned on the early termination or expiration of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 as well as clearance by the german and austrian antitrust authorities.
critical accounting policies and significant estimates the preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates. we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. we believe the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. see note 1 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for a complete list of our significant accounting policies.
revenue recognition. we recognize revenue only when we have satisfied a performance obligation through transferring control of the promised good or service to a customer. control, in this instance, may mean the ability to prevent other entities from directing the use of, and receiving benefit from, a good or service. the standard indicates that an entity must determine at contract inception whether it will transfer control of a promised good or service over time or satisfy the performance obligation at a point in time through analysis of the following criteria: (i) the entity has a present right to payment, (ii) the customer has legal title, (iii) the customer has physical possession, (iv) the customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership and (v) the customer has accepted the asset. we assess collectability based primarily on the customer's payment history and on the creditworthiness of the customer.
product revenues our product revenues consist of u.s. sales of jakafi and european sales of iclusig. product revenues are recognized once we satisfy the performance obligation at a point in time under the revenue recognition criteria as described above. we recognize revenues for product received by our customers net of allowances for customer credits, including estimated rebates, chargebacks, discounts, returns, distribution service fees, patient assistance programs, and government rebates, such as medicare part d coverage gap reimbursements in the u.s. these sales allowances and accruals are recorded based on estimates which are described in detail below. estimates are assessed as of the end of each reporting period and are updated to reflect current information. we believe that our sales allowances and accruals are reasonable and appropriate based on current facts and circumstances.
customer credits: our customers are offered various forms of consideration, including allowances, service fees and prompt payment discounts. we expect our customers will earn prompt payment discounts and, therefore, we deduct the full amount of these discounts from total product sales when revenues are recognized. service fees are also deducted from total product sales as they are earned.
64
rebates and discounts: we accrue rebates for mandated discounts under the medicaid drug rebate program in the u.s. and mandated discounts in europe in markets where government-sponsored healthcare systems are the primary payers for healthcare. these accruals are based on statutory discount rates and expected utilization as well as historical data we have accumulated since product launch. our estimates for expected utilization of rebates are based on data received from our customers. rebates are generally invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter's activity, plus an accrual balance for known prior quarters' unpaid rebates. if actual future rebates vary from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.
chargebacks: chargebacks are discounts that occur when certain contracted customers purchase directly from our wholesalers at a discounted price. the wholesalers, in turn, charges back to us the difference between the price initially paid by the wholesalers and the discounted price paid by the contracted customers. in addition to actual chargebacks received, we maintain an accrual for chargebacks based on the estimated contractual discounts on the inventory levels on hand in our distribution channel. if actual future chargebacks vary from these estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.
medicare part d coverage gap: medicare part d prescription drug benefit mandates manufacturers to fund 70% of the medicare part d insurance coverage gap for prescription drugs sold to eligible patients. our estimates for the expected medicare part d coverage gap are based on historical invoices received and in part from data received from our customers. funding of the coverage gap is generally invoiced and paid in arrears so that the accrual balance consists of an estimate of the amount expected to be incurred for the current quarter's activity, plus an accrual balance for known prior quarters. if actual future funding varies from estimates, we may need to adjust prior period accruals, which would affect revenue in the period of adjustment.
co-payment assistance: patients who have commercial insurance and meet certain eligibility requirements may receive co-payment assistance. we accrue a liability for co-payment assistance based on actual program participation and estimates of program redemption using data provided by third-party administrators.
product royalty revenues royalty revenues on commercial sales for jakavi by novartis are estimated based on information provided by novartis. royalty revenues on commercial sales for olumiant by lilly are estimated based on information provided by lilly. we exercise judgment in determining whether the information provided is sufficiently reliable for us to base our royalty revenue recognition thereon. if actual royalties vary from estimates, we may need to adjust the prior period, which would affect royalty revenue and receivable in the period of adjustment.
milestone and contract revenues at the inception of the contract, the transaction price reflects the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to our collaborator. we review our estimate of the transaction price each period, and make revisions to such estimates as necessary. milestone and contract revenues from collaborative agreements with multiple performance obligations is determined based upon assessment of each distinct promised good or service's estimated fair value and recognized based upon the transfer of the promised good or service to our collaborator.
our license agreements often include contractual milestones, which typically relate to the achievement of pre-specified development, regulatory and commercialization events outside of our control, such as regulatory approval of a compound, first patient dosing or achievement of sales-based thresholds. as such, milestones associated with our collaborations involve a substantial degree of uncertainty and risk that they may never be received. given the uncertainty associated with achieving these milestones, a constraint on the allocated consideration is assessed each reporting period. revenues are recognized when achievement is probable, which may not be until achieved.
stock compensation. share-based payment transactions with employees, which include stock options, restricted stock units (rsus) and performance shares (psus), are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period based on their estimated fair values at the date of grant as well as expected forfeiture rates based on actual
65
experience. the stock compensation process requires significant judgment and the use of estimates, particularly surrounding black-scholes assumptions such as stock price volatility over the option term and expected option lives, as well as expected forfeiture rates and the probability of psus vesting. the fair value of stock options, which are subject to graded vesting, are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using the accelerated attribution method. the fair value of rsus that are subject to cliff vesting are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using the straight-line attribution method, and the fair value of rsus that are subject to graded vesting are recognized as compensation expense over the requisite service period using the accelerated attribution method. the fair value of psus are recognized as compensation expense beginning at the time in which the performance conditions are deemed probable of achievement. we assess the probability of achievement of performance conditions, including projected product revenues and clinical development milestones, as of the end of each reporting period. once a performance condition is considered probable, we record compensation expense based on the portion of the service period elapsed to date with respect to that award, with a cumulative catch-up, net of estimated forfeitures, and recognize any remaining compensation expense, if any, over the remaining requisite service period using the straight-line attribution method for psus that are subject to cliff vesting and using the accelerated attribution method for psus that are subject to graded vesting.
income taxes. we account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach to financial accounting for income taxes. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for years in which the basis differences are expected to reverse. we periodically assess the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets, and reduce the carrying amount of these deferred tax assets to an amount that is considered to be more-likely-than-not to be realizable. our assessment considers recent cumulative earnings experience, projections of future taxable income (losses) and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.  when performing our assessment on projections of future taxable income (losses), we consider factors such as the likelihood of regulatory approval and commercial success of products currently under development, among other factors. significant judgment is required in making this assessment and, to the extent that a reversal of any portion of our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets is deemed appropriate, a tax benefit will be recognized against our income tax provision in the period of such reversal.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefit that is recorded for these positions is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. we adjust the level of the liability to reflect any subsequent changes in the relevant facts surrounding the uncertain positions. any interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions are included within the tax provision.
we record estimates and prepare and file tax returns in various jurisdictions across the u.s., europe, and asia based upon our interpretation of local tax laws and regulations. while we exercise significant judgment when applying complex tax laws and regulations in these various taxing jurisdictions, many of our tax returns are open to audit, and may be subject to future tax, interest, and penalty assessments.
we believe our estimates for the valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets and the amount of benefits associated with uncertain tax positions recognized in our financial statements are appropriate based upon our assessment of the factors mentioned above.
acquisition-related contingent consideration. acquisition-related contingent consideration, which consists of our future royalty and certain potential milestone obligations to ariad/takeda, was recorded on the acquisition date at the estimated fair value of the obligation, in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. the fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using an income approach based on estimated iclusig revenues in the european union and other countries. as the fair value measurement is based on significant inputs that are unobservable in the market, this represents a level 3 measurement.
the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration is remeasured each reporting period, with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. the assumptions used to determine the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration include projected iclusig revenues and discount rates which,
66
require significant judgement and are analyzed on a quarterly basis. while we use the best available information to prepare our projected iclusig revenues and discount rate assumptions, actual iclusig revenues and/or market conditions could differ significantly. changes to one or multiple inputs could have a material impact on the amount of acquisition-related contingent consideration expense recorded during the reporting period.
results of operations years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018
we recorded net income for the year ended december 31, 2019 of $446.9 million and net income for the year ended december 31, 2018 of $109.5 million. on a per share basis, basic net income was $2.08 and diluted net income was $2.05 for the year ended december 31, 2019. on a per share basis, basic net income was $0.52 and diluted net income was $0.51 for the year ended december 31, 2018.
revenues

for the year ended, december 31,
2019                                 2018
(in millions)
jakafi revenues, net                    $1,685.0               $1,387.0
iclusig revenues, net                             90.0                   79.9
total product revenues, net                    1,775.0                1,466.9
jakavi product royalty revenues                  225.9                  194.7
olumiant product royalty revenues                 80.4                   40.1
total product royalty revenues          306.3                  234.8
milestone and contract revenues         77.5                   180.0
other revenues                                       -         0.2
total revenues                          $2,158.8               $1,881.9
our product revenues, net for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, were $1.8 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. the increase in jakafi product revenues was comprised of a volume increase of $204.5 million and a price increase of $93.5 million. our product revenues may fluctuate from period to period due to our customers' purchasing patterns over the course of a year, including as a result of increased inventory building by customers in advance of expected or announced price increases. product revenues are recorded net of estimated product returns, pricing discounts including rebates offered pursuant to mandatory federal and state government programs and chargebacks, prompt pay discounts and distribution fees and co-pay assistance. our revenue recognition policies require estimates of the aforementioned sales allowances each period.
the following table provides a summary of activity with respect to our sales allowances and accruals:

co-pay discounts and           government              assistance distribution            rebates and             and other             product year ended december 31, 2019                    fees                    chargebacks             discounts             returns           total balance at january 1, 2019                      $5,125                  $39,737                 $547                  $2,270            $47,679
allowances for current period sales                        49,995                 256,406               8,524               411                 315,336
allowances for prior period sales                           (306)                     370               -                   (164)                 (100)
credits/payments for current period sales                (43,974)               (214,430)               (8,198)             -                 (266,602)
credits/payments for prior period sales                   (4,310)                (27,321)               (170)               (857)              (32,658)
balance at december 31, 2019                    $6,530                  $54,762                 $703                  $1,660            $63,655
government rebates and chargebacks are the most significant component of our sales allowances. increases in certain government reimbursement rates are limited to a measure of inflation, and when the price of a drug increases faster than this measure of inflation it will result in a penalty adjustment factor that causes a larger sales allowance to those
67
government related entities. we expect government rebates and chargebacks as a percentage of our gross product sales will continue to increase in connection with any future jakafi price increases greater than the rate of inflation, and any such increase in these government rebates and chargebacks will have a negative impact on our reported product revenues, net. we adjust our estimates for government rebates and chargebacks based on new information regarding actual rebates as it becomes available. claims by third-party payors for rebates and chargebacks are frequently submitted after the period in which the related sales occurred, which may result in adjustments to prior period accrual balances in the period in which the new information becomes available. we also adjust our allowance for product returns based on new information regarding actual returns as it becomes available.
we expect our sales allowances to fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the medicare part d coverage gap, the volume of purchases eligible for government mandated discounts and rebates as well as changes in discount percentages which are impacted by potential future price increases, rate of inflation, and other factors.
product royalty revenues on commercial sales of jakavi by novartis are based on net sales of licensed products in licensed territories as provided by novartis. product royalty revenues on commercial sales of olumiant by lilly are based on net sales of licensed products in licensed territories as provided by lilly.
our milestone and contract revenues were $77.5 million and $180.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2019, under the innovent agreement, we recognized a $40.0 million upfront payment and a $20.0 million milestone and under the zai lab agreement, we recognized a $17.5 million upfront payment. during the year ended december 31, 2018, under the lilly agreement, we recognized a $20.0 million development milestone for the first patient treated in systemic lupus erythematosus phase iii program for baricitinib and a $100.0 million regulatory milestone for the approval of the 2mg dose of olumiant for the treatment of moderately-to-severely active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients by the fda and under the novartis agreement, we recognized a $60.0 million milestone for novartis achieving annual net sales of a jak licensed product of $900.0 million.
cost of product revenues

for the year ended, december 31,
2019                       2018
(in millions)
product costs                                          $11.8             $9.6
salary and benefits related                                  2.6               -
stock compensation                                           0.7               -
royalty expense                                        77.6              63.0
amortization of definite-lived intangible assets       21.5              21.5
total cost of product revenues                         $114.2            $94.1
cost of product revenues includes all jakafi and iclusig related product costs, employee personnel costs, including stock compensation, for those employees dedicated to the production of our commercial products, low single-digit royalties to novartis on all sales of jakafi in the united states and amortization of our licensed intellectual property rights for iclusig using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of 12.5 years. cost of product revenues increased from 2018 to 2019 due primarily to increased royalties to novartis on all jakafi sales in the united states.
68
operating expenses research and development expenses

for the years ended, december 31,
2019                            2018
(in millions)
salary and benefits related                        $252.2               $216.1
stock compensation                                  114.0                101.1
clinical research and outside services              677.2                779.0
occupancy and all other costs                       110.7                101.8
total research and development expenses          $1,154.1             $1,198.0
we account for research and development costs by natural expense line and not costs by project. salary and benefits related expense increased from 2018 to 2019 due primarily to increased development headcount to sustain our development pipeline. stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to period based on the number of awards granted, stock price volatility and expected award lives, as well as expected award forfeiture rates which are used to value equity-based compensation.
the decrease in clinical research and outside services expense from 2018 to 2019 was primarily due to upfront and milestone expenses related to our collaborative agreements and the election to end additional co-funding of the development of baricitinib with lilly effective as of january 1, 2019. research and development expenses include upfront and milestone expenses related to our collaborative agreements of $27.8 million and $52.4 million for the years ended 2019 and 2018, respectively. for the year ended 2019, we recorded no research and development expense under the lilly agreement for co-funding the development of baricitinib. for the year ended 2018, we recorded $68.6 million in research and development expenses under the lilly agreement representing 30% of the global development costs for baricitinib. research and development expenses for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were net of $15.1 million and $10.5 million, respectively, of costs reimbursed by our collaborative partners.
in addition to one-time expenses resulting from upfront fees in connection with the entry into any new or amended collaboration agreements and payment of milestones under those agreements, research and development expenses may fluctuate from period to period depending upon the stage of certain projects and the level of pre-clinical and clinical trial related activities. many factors can affect the cost and timing of our clinical trials, including requests by regulatory agencies for more information, inconclusive results requiring additional clinical trials, slow patient enrollment, adverse side effects among patients, insufficient supplies for our clinical trials and real or perceived lack of effectiveness or safety of our investigational drugs in our clinical trials. in addition, the development of all of our products will be subject to extensive governmental regulation. these factors make it difficult for us to predict the timing and costs of the further development and approval of our products.
selling, general and administrative expenses

for the years ended, december 31,
2019                              2018
(in millions)
salary and benefits related                              $130.2                $114.3
stock compensation                                       51.9                  47.1
other contract services and outside costs                       286.6                 273.0
total selling, general and administrative expenses       $468.7                $434.4
salary and benefits related expense increased from 2018 to 2019 due to increased headcount. this increased headcount was due primarily to the ongoing commercialization efforts related to jakafi for intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, uncontrolled polycythemia vera and gvhd as well as increased headcount related to our european operations. stock compensation expense may fluctuate from period to period based on the number of awards granted,
69
stock price volatility and expected award lives, as well as expected award forfeiture rates which are used to value equity-based compensation.
change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration acquisition-related contingent consideration, which consists of our future royalty and certain potential milestone obligations to takeda, was recorded on the acquisition date, june 1, 2016, at the estimated fair value of the obligation, in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration is remeasured quarterly. the change in fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $19.7 million and $26.2 million, respectively. the change in fair value of the contingent consideration for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was due primarily to the passage of time as there were no other significant changes in the key assumptions during the periods.
other income (expense)
other income (expense), net. other income (expense), net, for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $52.2 million and $31.8 million, respectively. the increase in other income (expense), net primarily relates to interest income and refundable research and development credits from the state of delaware.
interest expense. interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, was $1.9 million and $1.5 million, respectively. included in interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $0.9 million and $1.2 million, respectively, of non-cash charges to amortize the discounts on our convertible senior notes due november 2018 and november 2020.
unrealized gain (loss) on long term investments. unrealized gains and losses on long term investments will fluctuate from period to period, based on the change in fair value of the securities we hold in our publicly held collaboration partners. the following table provides a summary of those unrealized gains and (losses):

for the years ended, december 31,
2019                              2018
(in millions)
agenus                                                      $30.0                $(15.6)
calithera                                                   2.9                         (7.5)
merus                                                               0.3                 (17.3)
syros                                                               1.3                 (3.7)
total unrealized gain (loss) on long term investments       $34.5                $(44.1)
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $39.9 million and $5.9 million, respectively. the increase in provision for income taxes primarily relates to federal and state tax liabilities that are not fully sheltered by net operating losses or research and development tax credit carryforwards. this is partially offset by higher tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation.
70
liquidity and capital resources

2019               2018
(in millions)
december 31:
cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities                   $2,117.6           $1,438.3
working capital                                                     $1,968.1           $1,407.0
year ended december 31:
cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                $710.7             $336.2
investing activities                                                $(87.5)            $(86.4)
financing activities                                                $45.7              $14.7
capital expenditures (included in investing activities above)       $(78.1)            $(73.5)
sources and uses of cash.
due to historical net losses, we had an accumulated deficit of $1.4 billion as of december 31, 2019. we have funded our research and development operations through sales of equity securities, the issuance of convertible notes, cash received from customers, and collaborative arrangements. at december 31, 2019, we had available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $2.1 billion. our cash and marketable securities balances are held in a variety of interest-bearing instruments, including money market accounts, corporate debt securities and u.s. government securities. available cash is invested in accordance with our investment policy's primary objectives of liquidity, safety of principal and diversity of investments.
cash provided by operating activities. the $374.5 million increase in cash provided by operating activities from 2018 to 2019 was due primarily to our increased product revenues and changes in working capital.
cash used in investing activities. our investing activities, other than purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities, have consisted predominantly of capital expenditures and purchases of long term investments. during 2019, net cash used in investing activities was $87.5 million, which represents purchases of marketable securities of $374.8 million and capital expenditures of $78.1 million, offset in part by the sale and maturity of marketable securities of $365.4 million. during 2018, net cash used in investing activities was $86.4 million, which represents purchases of marketable securities of $159.9 million, capital expenditures of $73.5 million, and purchases of long term investments of $8.9 million, offset in part by the sale and maturity of marketable securities of $155.9 million.
cash provided by financing activities. during 2019 and 2018, net cash provided by financing activities was $45.7 million and $14.7 million, respectively, consisting primarily of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our stock plans, offset in part by cash paid to ariad/takeda for contingent consideration.
the following summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 and the effect those obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in millions):

less than         years          years          over total           1 year            2 - 3          4 - 5          5 years contractual obligations:
principal on convertible senior debt       $19.1           $19.1             $-             $-             $-
interest on convertible senior debt        0.2             0.2                    -              -               -
finance lease liabilities                       44.0               0.7            5.2            5.5             32.6
operating lease liabilities                22.2            10.2              9.0            2.0            1.0
other non-cancelable obligations                 2.0               1.0            1.0            -               -
total contractual obligations              $87.5           $31.2             $15.2          $7.5           $33.6
we have entered into and may in the future seek to license additional rights relating to technologies or drug development candidates in connection with our drug discovery and development programs. under these licenses, we may
71
be required to pay upfront fees, milestone payments, and royalties on sales of future products, which are not reflected in the table above.
in october 2019, we entered into an agreement with wilmington friends school inc., to purchase property for $50.0 million to expand our global headquarters. under that agreement, closing of the purchase is subject to certain standard closing conditions, including an initial diligence period and a subsequent approval period.
in january 2020, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement and related purchase agreement with morphosys, under which we agreed to pay morphosys and upfront non-refundable payment of $750.0 million and to purchase american depositary shares (adss) representing ordinary shares of morphosys for an aggregate purchase price of $150.0 million. the effectiveness of the collaboration and license agreement is conditioned on the early termination or expiration of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 as well as clearance by the german and austrian antitrust authorities, and closing of the purchase of the adss is subject to customary conditions, as well as the effectiveness of the collaboration and license agreement.
we believe that our cash flow from operations, together with our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including our expenditures in connection with our drug discovery and development programs and commercialization operations; expenditures in connection with litigation or other legal proceedings; costs for future facility requirements; our receipt of any milestone or other payments under any collaborative agreements we may enter into, including the agreements with novartis, lilly, innovent and zai lab; and expenditures in connection with strategic relationships and license agreements, including our agreements with agenus, ariad/takeda, calithera, lilly, macrogenics, morphosys, merus and syros, strategic equity investments or potential acquisitions. to the extent we seek to augment our existing cash resources and cash flow from operations to satisfy our cash requirements for future acquisitions or other strategic purposes, we expect that additional funding can be obtained through equity or debt financings or from other sources. the sale of equity or additional convertible debt securities in the future may be dilutive to our stockholders, and may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our holders of common stock. debt financing arrangements may require us to pledge certain assets or enter into covenants that could restrict our operations or our ability to incur further indebtedness.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet arrangements other than those that are discussed above.
