item 1a.   risk factors we operate in a changing global environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the risks described below highlight some of the factors that have affected and could affect us in the future. we may also be affected by unknown risks or risks that we currently think are immaterial. if any such events actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. if we, the owner, or others working at the project site fail to maintain safe work sites, we can be exposed to significant financial losses and reputational harm, as well as civil and criminal liabilities.
project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes and highly regulated materials, in a challenging environment and often in geographically remote locations. if we, or others working at such sites, fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective, or if others working at the site fail to implement and follow appropriate safety procedures, our employees and others may become injured, disabled or even lose their lives, the completion or commencement of our projects may be delayed and we may be exposed to litigation or investigations. unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients and raise our operating and insurance costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses or reputational harm, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and other highly regulated materials, which, if improperly handled or disposed of, could subject us to civil and/or criminal liabilities. we are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. although we maintain functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety and environmental ("hse") work procedures throughout our organization, including project sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability. in addition, despite the work of our functional groups, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel or that there will be no damage to or loss of our work, equipment or supplies.
our safety record is critical to our reputation. many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid for contracts and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. accordingly, if we fail to maintain adequate safety standards, we could suffer reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
past and future environmental, health, and safety laws could impose significant additional costs and liabilities.
we are subject to a variety of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, discharges to air and water, the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous or waste materials and the remediation of contamination associated with the releases of hazardous substances, and human health and safety. these laws and regulations and the risk of attendant litigation can cause significant delays to a project and add significantly to its cost. violations of these regulations could subject us and our management to civil and criminal penalties and other liabilities.
various u.s. federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations may impose liability for property damage and costs of investigation and cleanup of hazardous or toxic substances on property currently or previously owned by us or arising out of our waste management or environmental remediation activities. these laws may impose responsibility and liability without regard to knowledge of or causation of the presence of contaminants. the liability under these laws may be joint and several. we have potential liabilities associated with our past waste management and other activities and with our current and prior ownership of various properties. the discovery of additional contaminants or the imposition of unforeseen clean-up obligations at these or other sites could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
page 20
when we perform our services, our personnel and equipment may be exposed to radioactive and hazardous materials and conditions. we may be subject to liability claims by employees, customers and third parties as a result of such exposures. in addition, we may be subject to fines, penalties or other liabilities arising under environmental or safety laws. a claim, if not covered or only partially covered by insurance, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations and policies are reviewed periodically and any changes thereto could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. such changes could, for example, relax or repeal laws and regulations relating to the environment, which could result in a decline in the demand for our environmental services and, in turn, could negatively impact our revenue. changes in the environmental laws and regulations, remediation obligations, enforcement actions, stricter interpretations of existing requirements, future discovery of contamination or claims for damages to persons, property, natural resources or the environment could result in material costs and liabilities that we currently do not anticipate. if we fail to comply with any environmental, health, or safety laws or regulations, whether actual or alleged, we could be exposed to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we and many of our clients operate in highly regulated environments, which may require us or our clients to obtain, and to comply with, federal, state and local government permits and approvals. any of these permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. failure to obtain or comply with, or the loss or modification of, the conditions of permits or approvals may subject us to penalties or other liabilities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and result of operations.
our results of operations depend on the award of new contracts and the timing of the performance of these contracts.
our revenues are derived from new contract awards. delays in the timing of the awards or cancellations of such projects as a result of economic conditions, material and equipment pricing and availability or other factors could impact our long-term projected results. it is particularly difficult to predict whether or when we will receive large-scale projects as these contracts frequently involve a lengthy and complex bidding and selection process, which is affected by a number of factors, such as market conditions or governmental and environmental approvals. since a significant portion of our revenues is generated from such projects, our results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of our contract awards and the commencement or progress of work under awarded contracts. furthermore, many of these contracts are subject to financing contingencies and, as a result, we are subject to the risk that the customer will not be able to secure the necessary financing for the project.
in addition, many of our contracts require us to satisfy specific progress or performance milestones in order to receive payment from the customer. as a result, we may incur significant costs for engineering, materials, components, equipment, labor or subcontractors prior to receipt of payment from a customer.
the uncertainty of our contract award timing can also present difficulties in matching workforce size with contract needs. in some cases, we maintain and bear the cost of a ready workforce that is larger than necessary under existing contracts in anticipation of future workforce needs for expected contract awards. if an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we may incur additional costs resulting from reductions in staff or redundancy of facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we engage in a highly competitive business. if we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
we face intense competition to provide technical, professional and construction management services to clients. the markets we serve are highly competitive and we compete against a large number of regional, national and multinational companies. the extent and type of our competition varies by industry, geographic area and project type.
our projects are frequently awarded through a competitive bidding process, which is standard in our industry. we are constantly competing for project awards based on pricing, schedule and the breadth and technical sophistication of our services. competition can place downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins, which may force us to accept contractual terms and conditions that are less favorable to us, thereby increasing the risk that, among other things, we may not realize profit margins at the same rates as we have seen in the past or may page 21
become responsible for costs or other liabilities we have not accepted in the past. if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, which if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the nature of our contracts, particularly those that are fixed-price, subjects us to risks of cost overruns. we may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses if costs increase above budgets or estimates or if the project experiences schedule delays.
for fiscal 2019, approximately 24% of our revenues were earned under fixed-price contracts. both fixed-price and many cost reimbursable contracts require us to estimate the total cost of the project in advance of our performance. for fixed-price contracts, we may benefit from any cost-savings, but we bear greater risk of paying some, if not all, of any cost overruns. fixed-price contracts are established in part on partial or incomplete designs, cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, commodity and other materials pricing and availability of labor, equipment and materials and other exigencies. if the design or the estimates prove inaccurate or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather or other delays beyond our control, changes in the costs of equipment or raw materials, our vendors' or subcontractors' inability or failure to perform, or changes in general economic conditions, then cost overruns may occur and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. these risks are exacerbated for projects with long-term durations because there is an increased risk that the circumstances on which we based our original estimates will change in a manner that increases costs. if the project is significant, or there are one or more issues that impact multiple projects, costs overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our contracts that are fundamentally cost reimbursable in nature may also present a risk to the extent the final cost on a project exceeds the amount the customer expected or budgeted. like fixed-price contracts, the expected cost of cost-reimbursable projects are based in part on partial design and our estimates of the resources and time necessary to perform such contracts. a portion of the fee is often linked to these estimates and the related final cost and schedule objectives, and if for whatever reason these objectives are not met, the project may be less profitable than we expect or even result in losses.
the loss of or a significant reduction in business from one or a few customers could have a material adverse impact on us.
a few clients have in the past and may in the future account for a significant portion of our revenue and/or backlog in any one year or over a period of several consecutive years. for example, in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, approximately 27%, 32% and 30%, respectively, of our revenue was earned directly or indirectly from agencies of the u.s. federal government. although we have long-standing relationships with many of our significant clients, our clients may unilaterally reduce, delay or cancel their contracts at any time. our loss of or a significant reduction in business from a significant client could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, canceled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily indicative of our future revenues or earnings. additionally, even if fully performed, our backlog is not a good indicator of our future gross margins.
backlog represents the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. as of the end of fiscal 2019, our backlog totaled approximately $22.6 billion. there is no assurance that backlog will actually be realized as revenues in the amounts reported or, if realized, will result in profits. in accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the client, including our u.s. government work. in the event of a project cancellation, we would generally have no contractual right to the total revenue reflected in our backlog. projects can remain in backlog for extended periods of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services required by the project. the risk of contracts in backlog being canceled or suspended generally increases during periods of widespread economic slowdowns or in response to changes in commodity prices.
page 22
the contracts in our backlog are subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. the revenue for certain contracts included in backlog is based on estimates. additionally, the way we perform on our individual contracts can affect greatly our gross margins and hence, future profitability.
in some markets, there is a continuing trend towards cost-reimbursable contracts with incentive-fee arrangements. typically, our incentive fees are based on such things as achievement of target completion dates or target costs, overall safety performance, overall client satisfaction and other performance criteria. if we fail to meet such targets or achieve the expected performance standards, we may receive a lower, or even zero, incentive fee resulting in lower gross margins. accordingly, there is no assurance that the contracts in backlog, assuming they produce the revenues currently expected, will generate gross margins at the rates we have realized in the past.
contracts with the u.s. federal government and other governments and their agencies pose additional risks relating to future funding and compliance.
contracts with the u.s. federal government and other governments and their agencies, which are a significant source of our revenue and profit, are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions, and regulations including oversight audits by various government authorities as well as profit and cost controls, which could result in withholding or delay of payments to us. government contracts are also exposed to uncertainties associated with funding such as sequestration and budget deficits. contracts with the u.s. federal government, for example, are subject to the uncertainties of congressional funding. u.s. government shutdowns or any related under-staffing of the government departments or agencies that interact with our business could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders, could limit the government's ability to effectively progress programs and make timely payments, and could limit our ability to perform on our existing u.s. government contracts and successfully compete for new work. governments are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs may even be eliminated. legislatures typically appropriate funds on a year-by-year basis, while contract performance may take more than one year. as a result, contracts with government agencies may be only partially funded or may be terminated, and we may not realize all of the potential revenue and profit from those contracts.
our government clients may reduce the scope of or terminate our contracts for convenience or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. since government contracts represent a significant percentage of our revenues (for example, those with the u.s. federal government represented approximately 27% of our total revenue in fiscal 2019), a significant reduction in government funding or the loss of such contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
most government contracts are awarded through a rigorous competitive process. the u.s. federal government has increasingly relied upon multiple-year contracts with multiple contractors that generally require those contractors to engage in an additional competitive bidding process for each task order issued under a contract. this process may result in us facing significant additional pricing pressure and uncertainty and incurring additional costs. moreover, we may not be awarded government contracts because of existing policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minorities. our inability to win new contracts or be awarded work under existing contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, which affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. for example, for contracts with the u.s. federal government, we must comply with the federal acquisition regulation, the truth in negotiations act, the cost accounting standards, and numerous regulations governing environmental protection and employment practices. government contracts also contain terms that expose us to heightened levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. this includes, for example, unlimited indemnification obligations.
we also are subject to government audits, investigations, and proceedings. for example, government agencies such as the u.s. defense contract audit agency routinely review and audit us to determine the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies and whether allowable costs are in accordance with applicable regulations. these audits can result in a determination that a rule or regulation has been violated or that adjustments are necessary to the amount of contract costs we believe are reimbursable by the agencies and the amount of our overhead costs allocated to the agencies.
page 23
if we violate a rule or regulation, fail to comply with a contractual or other requirement or do not satisfy an audit, a variety of penalties can be imposed on us including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. for example, in so-called "qui tam" actions brought by individuals or the government under the u.s. federal false claims act or under similar state and local laws, treble damages can be awarded. in addition, any or all of our government contracts could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work, or payment of our costs could be disallowed. the occurrence of any of these actions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
many of our federal government contracts require us to have security clearances, which can be difficult and time consuming to obtain. if our employees or our facilities are unable to obtain or retain the necessary security clearances, our clients could terminate or not renew existing contracts or award us new contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
our project execution activities may result in liability for faulty services.
if we fail to provide our services in accordance with applicable professional standards or contractual requirements, we could be exposed to significant monetary damages or even criminal violations. our engineering practice, for example, involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of industrial facilities and public infrastructure projects. while we do not generally accept liability for consequential damages in our contracts, and although we have adopted a range of insurance, risk management and risk avoidance programs designed to reduce potential liabilities, a catastrophic event at one of our project sites or completed projects resulting from the services we have performed could result in significant professional or product liability and warranty or other claims against us as well as reputational harm, especially if public safety is impacted. these liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or the fees we generate, may not be covered by insurance at all due to various exclusions in our coverage and could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future. further, even where coverage applies, the policies have deductibles, which result in our assumption of exposure for certain amounts with respect to any claim filed against us. in addition, clients or subcontractors who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses might refuse or be unable to pay us. an uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, as well as any claim covered by insurance but subject to a high deductible, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are a party to claims and litigation in the normal course of business, including litigation inherited through acquisitions. since we engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities and projects where design, construction or systems failures can result in substantial injury or damage to employees or others, we are exposed to substantial claims and litigation and investigations if there is a failure at any such facility or project. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution and environmental damage and be brought by our clients or third parties, such as those who use or reside near our clients' projects. we can also be exposed to claims if we agreed that a project will achieve certain performance standards or satisfy certain technical requirements and those standards or requirements are not met. in many of our contracts with clients, subcontractors and vendors, we agree to retain or assume potential liabilities for damages, penalties, losses and other exposures relating to projects that could result in claims that greatly exceed the anticipated profits relating to those contracts. in addition, while clients and subcontractors may agree to indemnify us against certain liabilities, such third parties may refuse or be unable to pay us.
with a workforce of approximately 52,000 people globally, we are also party to labor and employment claims in the normal course of business. such claims could relate to allegations of harassment and discrimination, pay equity, denial of benefits, wage and hour violations, whistleblower protections, concerted protected activity, and other employment protections, and may be pursued on an individual or class action basis depending on applicable laws and regulations. some of such claims may be insurable, while other such claims may not.
we maintain insurance coverage for various aspects of our business and operations. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits as well as exclusions for matters such as fraud, and insurance companies may attempt to deny claims for which we seek coverage. in addition, we have elected to retain a portion of losses that may occur through the use of various deductibles, retentions and limits under these programs. as a result, we may be subject to future liability for which we are only partially insured, or completely uninsured.
page 24
although in the past we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, coverage that is more limited, or increased premium costs or higher deductibles. we monitor the financial health of the insurance companies from which we procure insurance, which is one of the factors we take into account when purchasing insurance. our insurance is purchased from a number of the world's leading providers, often in layered insurance or quota share arrangements. if any of our third party insurers fail, abruptly cancel our coverage or otherwise cannot satisfy their insurance requirements to us, then our overall risk exposure and operational expenses could be increased and our business operations could be interrupted.
in addition, the nature of our business sometimes results in clients, subcontractors and vendors presenting claims to us for, among other things, recovery of costs related to certain projects. similarly, we occasionally present change orders and claims to our clients, subcontractors and vendors for, among other things, additional costs exceeding the original contract price. if we fail to document properly the nature of our claims and change orders or are otherwise unsuccessful in negotiating reasonable settlements with our clients, subcontractors and vendors, we could incur cost overruns, reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for a project. further, these claims can be the subject of lengthy negotiations, arbitration or litigation proceedings, which could result in the investment of significant amounts of working capital pending the resolution of the relevant change orders and claims. a failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. additionally, irrespective of how well we document the nature of our claims and change orders, the cost to prosecute and defend claims and change orders can be significant.
litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. pending or future claims against us could result in professional liability, product liability, criminal liability, warranty obligations, default under our credit agreements and other liabilities which, to the extent we are not insured against a loss or our insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our use of joint ventures and partnerships exposes us to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control.
as is common in our industry, we perform certain contracts as a member of joint ventures, partnerships, and similar arrangements. this situation exposes us to a number of risks, including the risk that our partners may be unable to fulfill their obligations to us or our clients.
further, we have limited ability to control the actions of our joint venture partners, including with respect to nonperformance, default, bankruptcy or legal or regulatory compliance. our partners may be unable or unwilling to provide the required levels of financial support to the partnerships. if these circumstances occur, we may be liable for claims and losses attributable to the partner by operation of law or contract. these circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend on the management effectiveness of our joint venture partners. differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major issues, which could materially affect the business and operations of these ventures. in addition, in many of the countries in which we engage in joint ventures, it may be difficult to enforce our contractual rights under the applicable joint venture agreement. if we are not able to enforce our contractual rights, we may not be able to realize the benefits of the joint venture or we may be subject to additional liabilities.
we participate in joint ventures and similar arrangements in which we are not the controlling partner. in these cases, we have limited control over the actions of the joint venture. these joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. to the extent the controlling partner makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control problems arise within the joint venture, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the failure by a joint venture partner to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
page 25
we are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts.
third-party subcontractors we hire perform much of the work performed under our contracts. we also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. if we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project could be impaired. if we are not able to locate qualified third-party subcontractors or the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump sum or a fixed-price contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. if a subcontractor, supplier, or manufacturer fails to provide services, supplies or equipment as required under a contract for any reason, we may be required to source these services, equipment or supplies to other third parties on a delayed basis or on less favorable terms, which could impact contract profitability. there is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors relating to, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed, customer concerns about the subcontractor, or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a contract. in addition, faulty workmanship, equipment or materials could impact the overall project, resulting in claims against us for failure to meet required project specifications.
in an uncertain or downturn economic environment, third parties may find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to help fund their operations. the inability to obtain financing could adversely affect a third party's ability to provide materials, equipment or services which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, a failure by a third party subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
employee, agent or partner misconduct or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits.
misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents or partners could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. such misconduct could include the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial reporting, regulations pertaining to export control, environmental laws, employee wages, pay and benefits, and any other applicable laws or regulations. for example, we routinely provide services that may be highly sensitive or that relate to critical national security matters; if a security breach were to occur, our ability to procure future government contracts could be severely limited. the precautions we take to prevent and detect these activities may not be effective and we could face unknown risks or losses. our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or acts of misconduct, could subject us to fines and penalties, cancellation of contracts, loss of security clearance and suspension or debarment from contracting, which could weaken our ability to win contracts and result in reduced revenues and profits and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to comply with federal, state, local or foreign governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected.
we are subject to u.s. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that affect our business. for example, our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders which requires full compliance with both export regulatory laws and international trafficking in arms regulations ("itar"). although we have policies and procedures to comply with u.s. and foreign international trade laws, the violation of such laws could subject the company and its employees to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges or debarment from participation in u.s. government contracts, and could damage our reputation and our ability to do business.
page 26
we could be adversely affected by violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws.
the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act of 2010, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, including the requirements to maintain accurate information and internal controls. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances; strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. despite our training and compliance programs, there is no assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from acts committed by our employees or agents. if we are found to be liable for fcpa or other violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, including contract cancellations or debarment and loss of reputation, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our international operations are exposed to additional risks and uncertainties, including unfavorable political developments and weak foreign economies.
for fiscal 2019, approximately 29% of our revenue was earned from clients outside the u.s. our business is dependent on the continued success of our international operations, and we expect our international operations to continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues. our international operations are subject to a variety of risks, including:
•   recessions and other economic crises in other regions, such as europe, or specific foreign economies and the impact on our costs of doing business in those countries;
•   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including logistical and communication challenges;
•   unexpected changes in foreign government policies and regulatory requirements;
•   potential non-compliance with a wide variety of laws and regulations, including anti-corruption, export control and anti-boycott laws and similar non-u.s. laws and regulations;
•   potential non-compliance with regulations and evolving industry standards regarding consumer protection and data use and security, including the general data protection regulation approved by the european union;
•   lack of developed legal systems to enforce contractual rights;
•   expropriation and nationalization of our assets in a foreign country;
•   renegotiation or nullification of our existing contracts;
•   the adoption of new, and the expansion of existing, trade or other restrictions;
•   embargoes, duties, tariffs or other trade restrictions, including sanctions;
•   changes in labor conditions;
•   acts of war, civil unrest, force majeure, and terrorism;
•   the ability to finance efficiently our foreign operations;
•   social, political, and economic instability;
•   expropriation of property;
•   changes to tax policy;
•   currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•   limitations on the ability to repatriate foreign earnings; and
•   u.s. government policy changes in relation to the foreign countries in which we operate.
the lack of a well-developed legal system in some of these countries may make it difficult to enforce our contractual rights. in addition, military action, geopolitical shifts or continued unrest, particularly in the middle east, could impact the supply or pricing of oil, disrupt our operations in the region and elsewhere and increase our security costs. to the extent our international operations are affected by unexpected or adverse economic, political and other conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
page 27
we work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees or unanticipated cost.
some of our services are performed in high-risk locations, where the country or location is subject to political, social or economic risks, or war, terrorism or civil unrest. in those locations where we have employees or operations, we may expend significant efforts and incur substantial security costs to maintain the safety of our personnel. despite these activities, in these locations, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel and we may suffer future losses of employees and subcontractors. acts of terrorism and threats of armed conflicts in or around various areas in which we operate could limit or disrupt markets and our operations, including disruptions resulting from the evacuation of personnel, cancellation of contracts, or the loss of key employees, contractors or assets.
systems and information technology interruption or failure and data security or privacy breaches could adversely impact our ability to operate or expose us to significant financial losses and reputational harm.
we rely heavily on computer, information and communications technology and related systems in order to properly operate our business. from time to time, we experience occasional system interruptions and delays. in the event we are unable to regularly deploy software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure and take other steps to maintain or improve the efficiency and efficacy of our systems, the operation of such systems could be interrupted or result in the loss, corruption, or release of data. in addition, our computer and communication systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, force majeure events, telecommunications failures, power loss, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, malicious code, physical or electronic security breaches, intentional or inadvertent user misuse or error or similar events or disruptions. any of these or other events could cause interruptions, delays, loss of critical and/or sensitive data or similar effects, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, protection of intellectual property and results of operations, as well as those of our clients.
in addition, we face the threat to our computer systems of unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, ransomware, phishing, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems and system disruptions, including possible unauthorized access to and disclosure of our and our clients' proprietary or classified information. in addition, such tactics may also seek to cause payments due to or from the company to be misdirected to fraudulent accounts, which may not be recoverable by the company.
while we have security measures and technology in place to protect our and our clients' proprietary or classified information, if these measures fail as a result of a cyber-attack, other third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and someone obtains unauthorized access to our or our clients' information, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. as a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. any of these events could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, new laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, including the european union general data protection regulation and the california consumer privacy act, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate costs, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in significant penalties and legal liability.
we continuously evaluate the need to upgrade and/or replace our systems and network infrastructure to protect our computing environment, to stay current on vendor supported products and to improve the efficiency of our systems and for other business reasons. the implementation of new systems and information technology could adversely impact our operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. in addition, our systems implementations may not result in productivity improvements at the levels anticipated. systems implementation disruption and any other information technology disruption, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have an adverse effect on our business.
page 28
we are subject to professional standards, duties and statutory obligations on professional reports and opinions we issue, which could subject us to monetary damages.
we issue reports and opinions to clients based on our professional engineering expertise as well as our other professional credentials that subject us to professional standards, duties and obligations regulating the performance of our services. for example, we issue opinions and reports to government clients in connection with securities offerings. if a client or another third party alleges that our report or opinion is incorrect or it is improperly relied upon and we are held responsible, we could be subject to significant monetary damages. in addition, our reports and other work product may need to comply with professional standards, licensing requirements, securities regulations and other laws and rules governing the performance of professional services in the jurisdiction where the services are performed. we could be liable to third parties who use or rely upon our reports and other work product even if we are not contractually bound to those third parties. these events could in turn result in monetary damages and penalties.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property or that of our clients.
our technology and intellectual property provide us, in certain instances, with a competitive advantage. although we protect our property through registration, licensing, contractual arrangements, security controls and similar mechanisms, we may not be able to successfully preserve our rights and they could be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or become obsolete. trade secrets are generally difficult to protect. our employees and contractors are subject to confidentiality obligations, but this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information and/or infringement of our intellectual property. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which we operate do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the u.s. if we are unable to protect and maintain our intellectual property rights or if there are any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us, our ability to differentiate our service offerings could be reduced. litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert leadership's attention away from other aspects of our business.
we also hold licenses from third parties which may be utilized in our business operations.  if we are no longer able to license such technology on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected.
if our intellectual property rights or work processes become obsolete, we may not be able to differentiate our service offerings and some of our competitors may be able to offer more attractive services to our customers. our competitors may independently attempt to develop or obtain access to technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies.
our clients or other third parties may also provide us with their technology and intellectual property. there is a risk we may not sufficiently protect our or their information from improper use or dissemination and, as a result, could be subject to claims and litigation and resulting liabilities, loss of contracts or other consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material negative effect on the price of our common stock.
our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or fall below the expectations of securities analysts, which could have a material adverse impact on the price of our common stock. fluctuations are caused by a number of factors, including:
•   legal proceedings, disputes and/or government investigations;
•   fluctuations in the spending patterns of our government and commercial customers;
•   the number and significance of projects executed during a quarter;
•   unanticipated changes in contract performance, particularly with contracts that have funding limits;
•   the timing of resolving change orders, requests for equitable adjustments, and other contract adjustments;
•   delays incurred in connection with a project;
•   changes in prices of commodities or other supplies;
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   weather conditions that delay work at project sites;
page 29
•   the timing of expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions or other corporate initiatives;
•   the decision by the board of directors to begin or cease paying a dividend, and the expectation that if the company pays dividends, it would declare dividends at the same or higher levels in the future;
•   natural disasters or other crises;
•   staff levels and utilization rates;
•   changes in prices of services offered by our competitors; and
•   general economic and political conditions.
if we do not have adequate indemnification for our nuclear services, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the price-anderson nuclear industries indemnity act, commonly called the price-anderson act ("paa"), is a u.s. federal law, which, among other things, regulates radioactive materials and the nuclear energy industry, including liability and compensation in the event of nuclear related incidents. the paa provides certain protections and indemnification to nuclear energy plant operators and u.s. department of energy ("doe") contractors. the paa protections and indemnification apply to us as part of our services to the u.s. nuclear energy industry and doe for new facilities, maintenance, modification, decontamination and decommissioning of nuclear energy, weapons and research facilities.
we offer similar services in other jurisdictions outside the u.s. for those jurisdictions, varying levels of nuclear liability protection is provided by international treaties, and/or domestic laws, such as the nuclear liability and compensation act of canada and the nuclear installations act of the united kingdom, insurance and/or assets of the nuclear installation operators (some of which are backed by governments) as well as under appropriate enforceable contractual indemnifications and hold-harmless provisions. these protections and indemnifications, however, may not cover all of our liability that could arise in the performance of these services. to the extent the paa or other protections and indemnifications do not apply to our services, the cost of losses associated with liability not covered by the available protections and indemnifications, or by virtue of our loss of business because of these added costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements.
in preparing our financial statements, our leadership is required under u.s. gaap to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the financial statements. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. areas requiring significant estimates by our leadership include:
•   recognition of contract revenue, costs, profit or losses in applying the principles of percentage of completion accounting;
•   estimated amounts for expected project losses, warranty costs, contract close-out or other costs;
•   recognition of recoveries under contract change orders or claims;
•   collectability of billed and unbilled accounts receivable and the need and amount of any allowance for doubtful accounts;
•   estimates of other liabilities, including litigation and insurance revenues/reserves and reserves necessary for self-insured risks;
•   accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves;
•   valuation of assets acquired, and liabilities, goodwill, and intangible assets assumed, in acquisitions and ongoing assessment of impairment;
•   valuation of stock-based compensation;
•   the determination of liabilities under pension and other post-retirement benefit programs;
•   income tax provisions and related valuation allowances; and
•   valuation of investment in worley stock.
our actual business and financial results could differ from our estimates of such results, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
page 30
an impairment charge on our goodwill could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.
because we have grown in part through acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets represent a substantial portion of our assets. under u.s. gaap, we are required to test goodwill carried in our consolidated balance sheets for possible impairment on an annual basis based upon a fair value approach. as of september 27, 2019, we had $5.43 billion of goodwill, representing 47.4% of our total assets of $11.46 billion. we have chosen to perform our annual impairment reviews of goodwill at the beginning of the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. we also are required to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in a reporting unit's market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of our business, potential government actions toward our facilities and other factors.
if our market capitalization drops significantly below the amount of net equity recorded on our balance sheet, it might indicate a decline in our fair value and would require us to further evaluate whether our goodwill has been impaired. if the fair value of our reporting units is less than their carrying value, we could be required to record an impairment charge. the amount of any impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations for the period in which the charge is taken. for a further discussion of goodwill impairment testing, please see item 7- management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations below.
there can be no assurance that we will pay dividends on our common stock.
our board of directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend program in fiscal 2017 under which we have paid, and intend to continue paying, regular quarterly dividends. the declaration, amount and timing of such dividends are subject to capital availability and determinations by our board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and applicable agreements.  our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, debt service requirements, results of operations, financial condition and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.  a reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments and/or our dividend program could have a material negative effect on our stock price.
we may be required to contribute additional cash to meet any underfunded benefit obligations associated with retirement and post-retirement benefit plans we manage.
we have various employee benefit plan obligations that require us to make contributions to satisfy, over time, our underfunded benefit obligations, which are generally determined by calculating the projected benefit obligations minus the fair value of plan assets. for example, as of september 27, 2019 and september 28, 2018, our defined benefit pension and post-retirement benefit plans were underfunded by $399.8 million and $339.3 million, respectively. see note 12- pension and other postretirement benefit plans in the notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional disclosure. in the future, our benefit plan obligations may increase or decrease depending on changes in the levels of interest rates, pension plan asset performance and other factors. if we are required to contribute a significant amount of the deficit for underfunded benefit plans, our cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
page 31
negotiations with labor unions and possible work actions could disrupt operations and increase labor costs and operating expenses.
a certain portion of our work force has entered into collective bargaining agreements which on occasion may require renegotiation. the outcome of future negotiations relating to union representation or collective bargaining agreements may not be favorable to the company in that they may increase our operating expenses and lower our net income as a result of higher wages or benefit expenses. in addition, negotiations with unions could divert management attention and disrupt operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations. if we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, we may have to address the threat of union-initiated work actions, including strikes. depending on the nature of the threat or the type and duration of any work action, these actions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
demand for our services is cyclical as the sectors and industries in which our clients operate are impacted by economic downturns, reductions in government or private spending and times of political uncertainty.
we provide full spectrum technical and professional solutions to clients operating in a number of sectors and industries, including programs for various national governments, including the u.s. federal government; aerospace; automotive; pharmaceuticals and biotechnology; infrastructure; environmental and nuclear; buildings; smart cities; power; water; transportation; telecom and other general industrial and consumer businesses and sectors. these sectors and industries and the resulting demand for our services have been, and we expect will continue to be, cyclical and subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including economic conditions and changes in client spending, particularly during periods of economic or political uncertainty.
uncertain global economic and political conditions may negatively impact our clients' ability and willingness to fund their projects, including their ability to raise capital and pay, or timely pay, our invoices. they may also cause our clients to reduce their capital expenditures, alter the mix of services purchased, seek more favorable price and other contract terms and otherwise slow their spending on our services. for example, in the public sector, declines in state and local tax revenues as well as other economic declines may result in lower state and local government spending. in addition, under such conditions, many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or accept terms and conditions in contracts that we might not deem acceptable. these conditions may reduce the demand for our services, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, uncertain economic and political conditions may make it difficult for our clients, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. for example, recent changes to u.s. policies related to global trade and tariffs have resulted in uncertainty surrounding the future of the global economy as well as retaliatory trade measures implemented by other countries. the increasing cost of steel and aluminum may impact client spending. we cannot predict the outcome of these changing trade policies or other unanticipated political conditions, nor can we predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic recovery or downturn worldwide or in our clients' markets. in addition, our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general economy and, therefore, may not recover as quickly as the economy at large. weak economic conditions, a failure to obtain expected benefits from any increased infrastructure spending, or a reduction in government spending could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, if a significant portion of our clients or projects are concentrated in a specific geographic area or industry, our business may be disproportionately affected by negative trends or economic downturns in those specific geographic areas or industries.
regardless of economic or market conditions, investment decisions by our customers may vary by location or as a result of other factors like the availability of labor or relative construction cost. because we are dependent on the timing and funding of new awards, we are therefore vulnerable to changes in our clients' markets and investment decisions. as a result, our past results have varied and may continue to vary depending upon the demand for future projects in the markets and the locations in which we operate.
page 32
our operations may be impacted by the united kingdom's proposed exit from the european union.
in june 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the e.u., commonly referred to as "brexit." as a result of the u.k.'s exit from the e.u., there may be greater restrictions on imports and exports between the u.k. and e.u. countries and increased regulatory complexities. these changes may adversely affect our relationships with our existing and future customers, suppliers, employees, and subcontractors, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the ongoing negotiations between the u.k. and the e.u. as to the terms upon which the u.k. will exit from the e.u. and the uncertainty as to their future trade agreement continues to create economic uncertainty, which may cause our customers to closely monitor their costs, terminate or reduce the scope of existing contracts, decrease or postpone currently planned contracts, or negotiate for more favorable deal terms, each of which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on cash provided by operations and liquidity under our credit facilities to fund our business. negative conditions in the credit and financial markets and delays in receiving client payments could adversely affect our cost of borrowing and our business.
although we finance much of our operations using cash provided by operations, at times we depend on the availability of credit to grow our business and to help fund business acquisitions. we are currently a borrower under several credit facilities. these facilities all contain customary covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to incur certain liens and indebtedness. we are also subject to certain financial covenants, including maintenance of a maximum consolidated leverage ratio. a breach of any covenant or our inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under one or more of our credit facilities and limit our ability to do further borrowing. instability in the credit markets in the u.s. or abroad could cause the availability of credit to be relatively difficult or expensive to obtain at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts. this situation could make it more difficult or more expensive for us to access funds, refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into agreements for new indebtedness, or obtain funding through the issuance of securities or such additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. we may also enter into business acquisition agreements that require us to access credit, which if not available at the closing of the acquisition could result in a breach of the acquisition agreement and a resulting claim for damages by the sellers of such business. in addition, market conditions could negatively impact our clients' ability to fund their projects and, therefore, utilize our services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, we are subject to the risk that the counterparties to our credit agreements may go bankrupt if they suffer catastrophic demand on their liquidity that will prevent them from fulfilling their contractual obligations to us. we also routinely enter into contracts with counterparties including vendors, suppliers and subcontractors that may be negatively impacted by events in the credit markets. if those counterparties are unable to perform their obligations to us or our clients, we may be required to provide additional services or make alternate arrangements on less favorable terms with other parties to ensure adequate performance and delivery of services to our clients. these circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
some of our customers, suppliers and subcontractors depend on access to commercial financing and capital markets to fund their operations. disruptions of the credit or capital markets could adversely affect our clients' ability to finance projects and could result in contract cancellations or suspensions, project delays and payment delays or defaults by our clients. in addition, clients may be unable to fund new projects, may choose to make fewer capital expenditures or otherwise slow their spending on our services or to seek contract terms more favorable to them. our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects or that cause them to exercise their right to terminate our contracts with little or no prior notice. in addition, any financial difficulties suffered by our subcontractors or suppliers could increase our cost or adversely impact project schedules. these disruptions could materially impact our backlog and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we typically bill our clients for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject to our clients delaying or failing to pay our invoices after we have already committed resources to their projects. in weak economic environments, we may experience increased delays and failures due to, among other reasons, our clients' unwillingness to pay for alleged poor performance or to preserve their own working capital. if one or more clients delays in paying or fails to pay us a significant amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
page 33
furthermore, our cash balances and short-term investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located primarily in north america, europe, south america, australia and asia. some of our accounts hold deposits in amounts that exceed available insurance. although none of the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and investments have gone into bankruptcy or forced receivership, or have been seized by their governments, there is a risk that such events may occur in the future. if any such events were to occur, we would be at risk of not being able to access our cash, which may result in a temporary liquidity crisis that could impede our ability to fund our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
maintaining adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity is necessary for us to successfully bid on and win some contracts.
in line with industry practice, we are often required to provide performance or payment bonds or letters of credit to our customers. these instruments indemnify the customer should we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. if a bond or a letter of credit is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain an appropriate bond or letter of credit, we cannot pursue that project. historically, we have had adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity but, as is typically the case, the issuance of a bond is at the surety's sole discretion and the issuance of a letter of credit is based on the company's credit-worthiness. because of an overall lack of worldwide bonding capacity, we may find it difficult to find sureties who will provide required levels of bonding or such bonding may only be available at significant additional cost. there can be no assurance that our bonding capacity will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms. in addition, future projects may require us to obtain letters of credit that extend beyond the term of our existing credit facilities. our inability to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new contracts that require such bonding or letter of credit could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
rising inflation, interest rates, and/or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services as well as decrease our profit on our existing contracts, in particular with respect to our fixed-price contracts.
rising inflation, interest rates, or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services. in addition, we bear all of the risk of rising inflation with respect to those contracts that are fixed-price. because a significant portion of our revenues are earned from cost-reimbursable type contracts (approximately 76% during fiscal 2019), the effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years have been generally minor. however, if we expand our business into markets and geographic areas where fixed-price and lump-sum work is more prevalent, inflation may have a larger impact on our results of operations in the future. therefore, increases in inflation, interest rates or construction costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects.
our reported financial condition and results of operations are exposed to the effects (both positive and negative) that fluctuating exchange rates have on the process of translating the financial statements of our international operations, which are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, into the u.s. dollar. while we generally attempt to denominate our contracts in the currencies of our expenditures, we do enter into contracts that expose us to currency risk, particularly to the extent contract revenue is denominated in a currency different than the contract costs. we attempt to minimize our exposure from currency risks by obtaining escalation provisions for projects in inflationary economies or entering into derivative (hedging) instruments, when there is currency risk exposure that is not naturally mitigated via our contracts. these actions, however, may not always eliminate currency risk exposure. the governments of certain countries have or may in the future impose restrictive exchange controls on local currencies and it may not be possible for us to engage in effective hedging transactions to mitigate the risks associated with fluctuations in a particular currency. based on fluctuations in currency, the u.s. dollar value of our backlog may from time to time increase or decrease significantly. we may also be exposed to limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the financing requirements of our operations in other countries.
page 34
our effective tax rate may increase or decrease.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. we are regularly under audit by tax authorities. although we believe that our tax estimates and tax positions are reasonable, they could be materially affected by many factors including the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, the introduction of new tax accounting standards, legislation, regulations and related interpretations, our global mix of earnings, the realizability of deferred tax assets and changes in uncertain tax positions. an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate, or an ultimate determination that the company owes more taxes than the amounts previously accrued, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change.
growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations. legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on emissions could result in increased compliance costs for us and our clients and have other impacts on our clients, including those who are involved in the exploration, production or refining of fossil fuels, emit greenhouse gases through the combustion of fossil fuels or emit greenhouse gases through the mining, manufacture, utilization or production of materials or goods. such policy changes could increase the costs of projects for our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services, which would in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. however, these changes could also increase the pace of projects, such as carbon capture or storage projects, that could have a positive impact on our business. we cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our customers.
our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control.
extraordinary or force majeure events beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, could negatively impact our ability to operate. as an example, from time to time we face unexpected severe weather conditions which may result in weather-related delays that are not always reimbursable under a fixed-price contract; evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services; increased labor and material costs in areas resulting from weather-related damage and subsequent increased demand for labor and materials for repairing and rebuilding; inability to deliver materials, equipment and personnel to job sites in accordance with contract schedules; and loss of productivity. we may remain obligated to perform our services after any such natural or man-made event, unless a force majeure clause or other contractual provision provides us with relief from our contractual obligations. if we are not able to react quickly to such events, or if a high concentration of our projects are in a specific geographic region that suffers from a natural or man-made catastrophe, our operations may be significantly affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our operations. in addition, if we cannot complete our contracts on time, we may be subject to potential liability claims by our clients which may reduce our profits.
fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our customers' investment decisions and therefore subject us to risks of cancellation, delays in existing work, or changes in the timing and funding of new awards.
commodity prices can affect our customers in a number of ways. for example, for those customers that produce commodity products such as oil, gas, copper, or fertilizers, fluctuations in price can have a direct effect on their profitability and cash flow and, therefore, their willingness to continue to invest or make new capital investments. furthermore, declines in commodity prices can negatively impact our business in regions whose economies are substantially dependent on commodity prices, such as the middle east. to the extent commodity prices decline or fluctuate and our customers defer new investments or cancel or delay existing projects, the demand for our services decreases, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
commodity prices can also strongly affect the costs of projects. rising commodity prices can negatively impact the potential returns on investments that are planned, as well as those in progress, and result in customers deferring new investments or canceling or delaying existing projects. cancellations and delays have affected our past results and may continue to do so in significant and unpredictable ways and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
page 35
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, architects, designers, craft personnel and corporate leadership professionals who have the required experience and expertise at a reasonable cost. the market for these and other personnel is competitive. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise, and in the timeframe, demanded by our clients, or to replace such personnel when needed in a timely manner. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel. furthermore, some of our personnel hold government granted clearance that may be required to obtain government projects. if we were to lose some or all of these personnel, they would be difficult to replace. loss of the services of, or failure to recruit, qualified technical and leadership personnel could limit our ability to successfully complete existing projects and compete for new projects.
in addition, in the event that any of our key personnel retire or otherwise leave the company, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans, which requires devoting time and resources toward identifying and integrating new personnel into leadership roles and other key positions. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the cost of providing our services, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. for example, the uncertainty of contract award timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contracts. if an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur costs resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancy of facilities that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business strategy relies in part on acquisitions to sustain our growth. acquisitions of other companies present certain risks and uncertainties.
our business strategy involves growth through, among other things, the acquisition of other companies. acquiring companies, including ch2m hill companies, ltd., which we acquired in december 2017 and keyw, which we acquired in june 2019, presents a number of risks, including:
•   assumption of liabilities of an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time the acquisition was negotiated;
•   failure of the acquired business to comply with u.s. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations and/or contractual requirements with government clients;
•   valuation methodologies may not accurately capture the value of the acquired business;
•   failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth opportunities;
•   the loss of key customers or suppliers, including as a result of any actual or perceived conflicts of interest;
•   difficulties or delays in obtaining regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;
•   difficulties relating to combining previously separate entities into a single, integrated, and efficient business;
•   the effects of diverting leadership's attention from day-to-day operations to matters involving the integration of acquired companies;
•   potentially substantial transaction costs associated with business combinations;
•   potential impairment resulting from the overpayment for an acquisition or post-acquisition deterioration in an acquired business;
•   difficulties relating to assimilating the leadership, personnel, benefits, services, and systems of an acquired business and to assimilating marketing and other operational capabilities;
•   difficulties retaining key personnel of an acquired business;
•   increased burdens on our staff and on our administrative, internal control and operating systems, which may hinder our legal and regulatory compliance activities;
•   difficulties in applying and integrating our system of internal controls to an acquired business;
page 36
•   increased financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, financial reporting and internal controls;
•   the potential requirement for additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available, or if available, may not have favorable terms; and
•   the risks discussed in this item 1a. risk factors that may relate to the activities of the acquired business prior to the acquisition.
while we may obtain indemnification rights from the sellers of acquired businesses and/or insurance that could mitigate certain of these risks, such rights may be difficult to enforce, the losses may exceed any dedicated escrow funds and the indemnitors may not have the ability to financially support the indemnity, or the insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover all losses.
if our leadership is unable to successfully integrate acquired companies or implement our growth strategy, our operating results could be harmed. in addition, even if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of an acquisition, including the synergies, cost savings, or sales or growth opportunities that we expect. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. moreover, we cannot assure that we will continue to successfully expand or that growth or expansion will result in profitability.
in addition, there is no assurance that we will continue to locate suitable acquisition targets or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us. existing cash balances and cash flow from operations, together with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, may be insufficient to make acquisitions. future acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on attractive terms, or at all. acquisitions may also bring us into businesses we have not previously conducted and expose us to additional business risks that are different than those we have traditionally experienced.
acquisitions and divestitures create various business risks and uncertainties during the pendency of the transaction.
consummation of any merger or divestiture is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including one or more of the following: (i) due diligence and its associated time and cost commitments, (ii) board and shareholder approval, (iii) regulatory approvals, (iv) the absence of any legal restraint that would prevent the consummation of the transaction, (v) the absence of material adverse conditions which can prevent the consummation of the transaction, and (vi) compliance with covenants and the accuracy of representations and warranties contained in the transaction agreement, among others. one or more of these conditions may not be fulfilled and, accordingly, the transaction may not be consummated or may be significantly delayed. in such case, our ongoing business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the market price of our common stock may decline, particularly to the extent that the market price reflects a market assumption that the transaction will be consummated or will be consummated within a particular timeframe.
furthermore, most transactions require the company to incur substantial expense associated with closing and if the transaction is not consummated, we will incur these expenses without realizing the expected benefits. the pursuit of the transaction will also require management attention and use of internal resources that would otherwise be focused on general business operations. in addition, customers' uncertainty about the effect of the transaction may have an adverse effect on the ability to win customer contracts, or could cause existing clients to seek to change existing business relationships. employee morale due to the uncertainties associated with the transaction could also be negatively affected. any of the foregoing, or other risks arising in connection with a failure or delay in consummating a transaction, including the diversion of management attention or loss of other opportunities during the pendency of the transaction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the event we issue stock as consideration for certain acquisitions we may make, we could dilute share ownership, and if we receive stock in connection with a divestiture, the value of stock is subject to fluctuation.
one method of acquiring companies or otherwise funding our corporate activities is through the issuance of additional equity securities. if we issue additional equity securities, such issuances could have the effect of diluting our earnings per share as well as our existing shareholders' individual ownership percentages in the company.
page 37
in addition, if we receive stock or other equity securities in connection with a sale or divestiture of a business, the value of such stock will fluctuate and/or be subject to trading restrictions. stock price changes may result from, among other things, changes in the business, operations or prospects of the issuer prior to or following the transaction, litigation or regulatory considerations, general business, market, industry or economic conditions, the ability to sell all or a portion of the stock based on current market conditions, and other factors both within and beyond the control of the company. in addition, if the stock received is valued in a currency other than u.s. dollars, the value of such stock will also fluctuate based on foreign currency rates. for example, in connection with the ecr sale, the company received 58.2 million ordinary shares of worley as a portion of the purchase price. approximately 51.3 million of such shares are subject to a lock-up period that expires in december 2019. the value of such shares will fluctuate based on the trading price of the worley shares on the australian securities exchange and the exchange rate of the australian dollar.
we may be held liable to worley under the ecr sale agreement if we fail to perform certain services under the transition services agreement, and the performance of such services may negatively impact our business and operations.
we have entered into a transition services agreement ("tsa") with worley in connection with the sale of our ecr business pursuant to which we will provide worley, on an interim, transitional basis, various services, including, but not limited to, executive consultation services, employee benefits administration, human resources and payroll services, tax services, financial and accounting services, information technology services, regulatory services, project management services for certain client contracts, general administrative services and other support services. if we do not satisfactorily perform our obligations under the agreement, we may be required to re-perform such services at no additional cost. in addition, during the transition services period, our leadership and employees may be required to divert their attention away from our business in order to provide services to worley, which could adversely affect our business.
delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control.
we are a delaware corporation. certain anti-takeover provisions of the delaware general corporation law impose restrictions on the ability of others to acquire control of us. in addition, certain provisions of our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover. for example:
•   only our board of directors can fill vacancies on the board;
•   there are various restrictions on the ability of a shareholder to nominate a director for election; and
•   our board of directors can authorize the issuance of preferred shares.
these types of provisions, as well as our ability to adopt a shareholder rights agreement in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. accordingly, shareholders may be limited in the ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates in order to better understand the changes that occur to key elements of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, a reader of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results page 43
of operations ("md&a") should be aware of the critical accounting policies we apply in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
the consolidated financial statements contained in this report were prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and the financial statements of any business performing long-term professional services, engineering and construction-type contracts requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect both the entity's results of operations and the carrying values of its assets and liabilities. although our significant accounting policies are described in note 2 - significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k, the following discussion is intended to highlight and describe those accounting policies that are especially critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue accounting for contracts engineering, procurement & construction contracts and service contracts on september 29, 2018, the company adopted asc topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers, including the subsequent asus that amended and clarified the related guidance. the company recognizes engineering, procurement, and construction contract revenue over time, as performance obligations are satisfied, due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer. upon adoption of asc topic 606, contracts which include engineering, procurement and construction services are generally accounted for as a single deliverable (a single performance obligation) and are no longer segmented between types of services. in some instances, the company's services associated with a construction activity are limited only to specific tasks such as customer support, consulting or supervisory services. in these instances, the services are typically identified as separate performance obligations.
the company recognizes revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, based primarily on contract costs incurred to date compared to total estimated contract costs. estimated contract costs include the company's latest estimates using judgments with respect to labor hours and costs, materials, and subcontractor costs. the percentage-of-completion method (an input method) is the most representative depiction of the company's performance because it directly measures the value of the services transferred to the customer. subcontractor materials, labor and equipment and, in certain cases, customer-furnished materials and labor and equipment are included in revenue and cost of revenue when management believes that the company is acting as a principal rather than as an agent (e.g., the company integrates the materials, labor and equipment into the deliverables promised to the customer or is otherwise primarily responsible for fulfillment and acceptability of the materials, labor and/or equipment). the company recognizes revenue, but not profit, on certain uninstalled materials that are not specifically produced, fabricated, or constructed for a project. revenue on these uninstalled materials is recognized when control is transferred. changes to total estimated contract cost or losses, if any, are recognized in the period in which they are determined as assessed at the contract level. pre-contract costs are expensed as incurred unless they are expected to be recovered from the client. project mobilization costs are generally charged to project costs as incurred when they are an integrated part of the performance obligation being transferred to the client. under the typical payment terms of our engineering, procurement and construction contracts, amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms at periodic intervals (e.g., biweekly or monthly) and customer payments on are typically due within 30 to 60 days of billing, depending on the contract.
for service contracts, the company recognizes revenue over time using the cost-to-cost percentage-of-completion method. service contracts that include multiple performance obligations are segmented between types of services. for contracts with multiple performance obligations, the company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation using an estimate of the stand-alone selling price of each distinct service in the contract. in some instances where the company is standing ready to provide services, the company recognizes revenue ratably over the service period. under the typical payment terms of our service contracts, amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, and customer payments are typically due within 30 to 60 days of billing, depending on the contract.
direct costs of contracts include all costs incurred in connection with and directly for the benefit of client contracts, including depreciation and amortization relating to assets used in providing the services required by the related projects. the level of direct costs of contracts may fluctuate between reporting periods due to a variety of factors, including the amount of pass-through costs we incur during a period. on those projects where we are acting as principal for subcontract labor or third-party materials and equipment, we reflect the amounts of such items in both revenues and costs (and we refer to such costs as "pass-through costs").
page 44
variable consideration the nature of the company's contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims and unpriced change orders; awards and incentive fees; and liquidated damages and penalties. the company recognizes revenue for variable consideration when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. the company estimates the amount of revenue to be recognized on variable consideration using the expected value (i.e., the sum of a probability-weighted amount) or the most likely amount method, whichever is expected to better predict the amount. factors considered in determining whether revenue associated with claims (including change orders in dispute and unapproved change orders in regard to both scope and price) should be recognized include the following: (a) the contract or other evidence provides a legal basis for the claim, (b) additional costs were caused by circumstances that were unforeseen at the contract date and not the result of deficiencies in the company's performance, (c) claim-related costs are identifiable and considered reasonable in view of the work performed, and (d) evidence supporting the claim is objective and verifiable. if the requirements for recognizing revenue for claims or unapproved change orders are met, revenue is recorded only when the costs associated with the claims or unapproved change orders have been incurred and only up to the amount of cost incurred. back charges to suppliers or subcontractors are recognized as a reduction of cost when it is determined that recovery of such cost is probable and the amounts can be reliably estimated. disputed back charges are recognized when the same requirements described above for claims accounting have been satisfied.
the company generally provides limited warranties for work performed under its engineering and construction contracts. the warranty periods typically extend for a limited duration following substantial completion of the company's work on the project. historically, warranty claims have not resulted in material costs incurred for which the company was not compensated for by the customer.
practical expedient if the company has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of the company's performance completed to date (a service contract in which the company bills a fixed amount for each hour of service provided), the company recognizes revenue in the amount to which it has a right to invoice for services performed.
the company does not adjust the contract price for the effects of a significant financing component if the company expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the company transfers a service to a customer and when the customer pays for that service will be one year or less.
joint ventures and vies as is common to the industry, we execute certain contracts jointly with third parties through various forms of joint ventures. although the joint ventures own and hold the contracts with the clients, the services required by the contracts are typically performed by us and our joint venture partners, or by other subcontractors under subcontracting agreements with the joint ventures. many of these joint ventures are formed for a specific project. the assets of our joint ventures generally consist almost entirely of cash and receivables (representing amounts due from clients), and the liabilities of our joint ventures generally consist almost entirely of amounts due to the joint venture partners (for services provided by the partners to the joint ventures under their individual subcontracts) and other subcontractors. in general, at any given time, the equity of our joint ventures represents the undistributed profits earned on contracts the joint ventures hold with clients. very few of our joint ventures have employees or third-party debt or credit facilities. the debt held by the joint ventures is non-recourse to the general credit of jacobs.
the assets of a joint venture are restricted for use to the obligations of the particular joint venture and are not available for general operations of the company. our risk of loss on these arrangements is usually shared with our partners. the liability of each partner is usually joint and several, which means that each partner may become liable for the entire risk of loss on the project. furthermore, on some of our projects, the company has granted guarantees which may encumber both our contracting subsidiary company and the company for the entire risk of loss on the project. the company is unable to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under outstanding performance guarantees related to joint venture projects due to a number of factors, including but not limited to, the nature and extent of any contractual defaults by our joint venture partners, resource availability, potential performance delays caused by the defaults, the location of the projects, and the terms of the related contracts. see note 17- contractual guarantees, litigation, investigations and insurance for further discussion.
page 45
many of the joint ventures are deemed to be variable interest entities ("vie") because they lack sufficient equity to finance the activities of the joint venture. the company uses a qualitative approach to determine if the company is the primary beneficiary of the vie, which considers factors that indicate a party has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the joint venture's economic performance. these factors include the composition of the governing board, how board decisions are approved, the powers granted to the operational manager(s) and partner that holds that position(s), and to a certain extent, the partner's economic interest in the joint venture. the company analyzes each joint venture initially to determine if it should be consolidated or unconsolidated.
•   consolidated if the company is the primary beneficiary of a vie, or holds the majority of voting interests of a non-vie (and no significant participative rights are available to the other partners).
•   unconsolidated if the company is not the primary beneficiary of a vie, or does not hold the majority of voting interest of a non-vie.
share-based payments we measure the value of services received from employees and directors in exchange for an award of an equity instrument based on the grant-date fair value of the award. the computed value is recognized as a non-cash cost on a straight-line basis over the period the individual provides services, which is typically the vesting period of the award with the exception of the value of awards containing an internal performance measure, such as eps growth and roic, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period subject to the probability of meeting the performance requirements and adjusted for the number of shares expected to be earned.
accounting for pension plans the accounting for pension plans requires the use of assumptions and estimates in order to calculate periodic pension cost and the value of the plans' assets and liabilities. these assumptions include discount rates, investment returns and projected salary increases, among others. the actuarial assumptions used in determining the funded statuses of the plans are provided in note 12 - pension and other postretirement benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the expected rates of return on plan assets range from 2.3% to 7.5% for fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020. we believe the range of rates selected for fiscal 2019 reflects the long-term returns expected on the plans' assets, considering recent market conditions, projected rates of inflation, the diversification of the plans' assets, and the expected real rates of market returns. the discount rates used to compute plan liabilities remained consistent year over year with a range of 1.3% to 8.1% in both fiscal 2018 and 2019. these assumptions represent the company's best estimate of the rates at which its pension obligations could be effectively settled.
changes in the actuarial assumptions often have a material effect on the values assigned to plan assets and liabilities, and the associated pension expense. for example, if the discount rate used to value the net pension benefit obligation ("pbo") at september 27, 2019 was higher by 0.5%, the pbo would have been lower at that date by approximately $197.6 million for non-u.s. plans, and by approximately $22.5 million for u.s. plans. if the expected return on plan assets was higher by 1.0%, the net periodic pension cost for fiscal 2019 would be lower by approximately $19.0 million for non-u.s. plans, and by approximately $3.6 million for u.s. plans. differences between actuarial assumptions and actual performance (i.e., actuarial gains and losses) that are not recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost in the period in which such differences arise are recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized as part of net periodic pension cost in future periods in accordance with u.s. gaap. management monitors trends in the marketplace within which our pension plans operate in an effort to assure the fairness of the actuarial assumptions used.
page 46
contractual guarantees, litigation, investigations, and insurance in the normal course of business, we make contractual commitments, some of which are supported by separate guarantees; and on occasion we are a party in a litigation or arbitration proceeding. the litigation in which we are involved primarily includes personal injury claims, professional liability claims, and breach of contract claims. where we provide a separate guarantee, it is strictly in support of the underlying contractual commitment. guarantees take various forms including surety bonds required by law, or standby letters of credit ("loc") (also referred to as "bank guarantees") or corporate guarantees given to induce a party to enter into a contract with a subsidiary. standby locs are also used as security for advance payments or in various other transactions. the guarantees have various expiration dates ranging from an arbitrary date to completion of our work (e.g., engineering only) to completion of the overall project. we record in the consolidated balance sheets amounts representing our estimated liability relating to such guarantees, litigation and insurance claims. guarantees are accounted for in accordance with asc 460-10, guarantees, at fair value at the inception of the guarantee.
we maintain insurance coverage for most insurable aspects of our business and operations. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits depending upon the type of insurance, and include certain conditions and exclusions which insurance companies may raise in response to any claim that the company brings. we have also elected to retain a portion of losses and liabilities that occur through the use of various deductibles, limits, and retentions under our insurance programs. as a result, we may be subject to a future liability for which we are only partially insured or completely uninsured. we intend to mitigate any such future liability by continuing to exercise prudent business judgment in negotiating the terms and conditions of the contracts which the company enters with its clients. our insurers are also subject to business risk and, as a result, one or more of them may be unable to fulfill their insurance obligations due to insolvency or otherwise.
additionally, as a contractor providing services to the u.s. federal government we are subject to many types of audits, investigations, and claims by, or on behalf of, the government including with respect to contract performance, pricing, cost allocations, procurement practices, labor practices, and socioeconomic obligations. furthermore, our income, franchise, and similar tax returns and filings are also subject to audit and investigation by the internal revenue service, most states within the united states, as well as by various government agencies representing jurisdictions outside the united states.
our consolidated balance sheets include amounts representing our probable estimated liability relating to such claims, guarantees, litigation, audits, and investigations. our estimates of probable liabilities require us to make assumptions related to potential losses regarding our determination of amounts considered probable and estimable. we perform an analysis to determine the level of reserves to establish for insurance-related claims that are known and have been asserted against us, as well as for insurance-related claims that are believed to have been incurred based on actuarial analysis, but have not yet been reported to our claims administrators as of the respective balance sheet dates. we include any adjustments to such insurance reserves in our consolidated results of operations. insurance recoveries are recorded as assets if recovery is probable and estimated liabilities are not reduced by expected insurance recoveries.
the company believes, after consultation with counsel, that such guarantees, litigation, u.s. government contract-related audits, investigations and claims, and income tax audits and investigations should not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements, beyond amounts currently accrued.
testing goodwill for possible impairment the goodwill carried on our consolidated balance sheets is tested annually for possible impairment, and on an interim basis if indicators of possible impairment exist. for purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is assigned to the applicable reporting units based on the current reporting structure. in performing the annual impairment test, we evaluate our goodwill at the reporting unit level. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment test for the reporting units at the beginning of the fourth quarter of its fiscal year.
u.s. gaap does not prescribe a specific valuation method for estimating the fair value of reporting units. any valuation technique used to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount rates and future market conditions, among others.
page 47
we used an income approach to test our goodwill for possible impairment which requires us to make estimates and judgments. under the income approach, fair value is determined by using the discounted cash flows of our reporting units. the company's discount rate reflects a weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") for a peer group of companies representative of the company's respective reporting units.
it is possible that changes in market conditions, economy, facts and circumstances, judgments and assumptions used in estimating the fair value could change, resulting in possible impairment of goodwill in the future. the fair values resulting from the valuation techniques used are not necessarily representative of the values we might obtain in a sale of the reporting units to willing third parties.
we have determined that the fair value of our reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values for the consolidated balance sheets presented.
page 48
jacobs engineering group inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal years ended september 27, 2019, september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017
(in thousands, except per share information)
september 27, 2019         september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017
revenues                                                                                        $12,737,868                $10,579,773                     $6,330,126
direct cost of contracts                                                                        (10,260,840        )        (8,421,223        )            (5,070,091        )
gross profit                                                                                      2,477,028                  2,158,550                      1,260,035
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                     (2,072,177        )        (1,771,107        )            (1,015,893        )
operating profit                                                                                    404,851                    387,443                        244,142
other income (expense):
interest income                                                                                       9,487                      8,984                          8,748
interest expense                                                                                    (83,847        )           (76,760        )               (12,035        )
miscellaneous income (expense), net                                                                  20,468                     11,314                          2,299
total other (expense) income, net                                                                   (53,892        )           (56,462        )                  (988        )
earnings from continuing operations before taxes                                                    350,959                    330,981                        243,154
income tax benefit (expense) for continuing operations                                              (36,954        )          (325,632        )               (73,103        )
net earnings of the group from continuing operations                                                314,005                      5,349                        170,051
net earnings of the group from discontinued operations                                              559,214                    167,793                        117,324
net earnings of the group                                                                           873,219                    173,142                        287,375
net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests from continuing operations             (23,045        )            (9,534        )   116
net earnings (loss) attributable to jacobs from continuing operations                               290,960                     (4,185        )               170,167
net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests from discontinued operations            (2,195        )              (177        )                 6,236
net earnings attributable to jacobs from discontinued operations                                    557,019                    167,616                        123,560
net earnings attributable to jacobs                                                                $847,979                   $163,431                       $293,727
net earnings (loss) per share:
basic net earnings (loss) from continuing operations per share                                        $2.11                     $(0.03        )                 $1.41
basic net earnings from discontinued operations per share                                             $4.03                      $1.21                          $1.02
basic earnings per share                                                                              $6.14                      $1.18                          $2.43
diluted net earnings (loss) from continuing operations per share                                      $2.09                     $(0.03        )                 $1.40
diluted net earnings from discontinued operations per share                                           $4.00                      $1.21                          $1.02
diluted earnings per share                                                                            $6.08                      $1.18                          $2.42
page 49
2019 overview net earnings attributable to jacobs from continuing operations for fiscal 2019 were $291.0 million (or $2.09 per diluted share), an increase of $295.1 million, or 7,052.4%, from $(4.2) million (or $(0.03) per diluted share) for the corresponding period last year. included in the company's operating results for the current year were $243.7 million (or $1.75 per share) in after tax restructuring and other charges and $16.1 million in keyw, ch2m and other transaction costs. also included in fiscal 2019 net earnings from continuing operations are $64.8 million in fair value losses associated with our investment in worley stock, partly offset by dividend income from this investment and certain foreign currency revaluations relating to ecr sale proceeds. our fiscal 2018 results included $112.8 million (or $0.81 per share) in after tax restructuring and other charges, $60.7 million in ch2m transaction costs and $259.2 million in income tax charges associated with the tax cuts and jobs act ("the act") enacted on december 22, 2017. income tax expense for continuing operations for fiscal 2019 was $37.0 million, a decrease of $288.7 million, or 88.7%, from $325.6 million due mainly to the impacts from the provisional remeasurement of the deferred tax items and other impacts from u.s. tax reform in the prior year.
net earnings attributable to jacobs from discontinued operations for fiscal 2019 were $557.0 million (or $4.00 per diluted share), an increase of $389.4 million, or 232.3%, from $167.6 million (or $1.21 per diluted share) for the corresponding period last year. included in the current year results from discontinued operations is the pre-tax gain on sale of the ecr business of $935.1 million, see note 7- sale of energy, chemicals and resources ("ecr") business.
on june 12, 2019, we acquired the keyw holding corporation ("keyw"), a u.s. based national security solutions provider to the intelligence, cyber, and counterterrorism communities. on december 15, 2017, we acquired ch2m hill companies, ltd ("ch2m"), a provider of international engineering, construction and technical services. on august 20, 2019, jacobs announced that it had entered into an agreement to acquire john wood group's nuclear business for an enterprise value of £250 million (approx. $300 million) on a debt-free, cash-free basis. the transaction is expected to close by the end of fiscal 2020 second quarter.
backlog at september 27, 2019 was $22.6 billion, up $2.6 billion, from $20.0 billion for the corresponding period last year. new prospects and new sales remain strong and the company continues to have a positive outlook for many of the industry groups and sectors in which our clients operate.
results of operations fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
revenues for the year ended september 27, 2019 were $12.74 billion, an increase of $2.16 billion, or 20.4%, from $10.58 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in revenues was due primarily to the ch2m acquisition included in fiscal 2019 for the full period, the keyw acquisition included in the current year results since closing in mid-june and growth in our legacy critical mission solutions and people & places solutions businesses.
pass-through costs included in revenues for the year ended september 27, 2019 were $2.54 billion in comparison to $2.25 billion in the prior year. these year-over-year increases are due primarily to impacts from the ch2m acquisition included for the full year 2019. in general, pass-through costs are more significant on projects that have a higher content of field services activities. pass-through costs are generally incurred at specific points during the life cycle of a project and are highly dependent on the needs of our individual clients and the nature of the clients' projects. however, because we have hundreds of projects which start at various times within a fiscal year, the effect of pass-through costs on the level of direct costs of contracts can vary between fiscal years without there being a fundamental or significant change to the underlying business.
gross profit for the year ended september 27, 2019 was $2.48 billion, up $0.32 billion, or 14.8%, from $2.16 billion for the corresponding period in 2018. our gross profit margins were 19.4% and 20.4% for the years ended september 27, 2019 and september 28, 2018, respectively. revenue mix primarily drove the lower gross profit and margin for the year over year periods.
page 50
selling, general & administrative expenses for the year ended september 27, 2019 were $2.07 billion, an increase of $0.30 billion, or 17.0%, from $1.77 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in sg&a expenses is due mainly to incremental sg&a expense from the ch2m and keyw businesses acquired. also, included in the current year results were $332.1 million of restructuring and other charges and $18.2 million of transaction costs, as well as higher personnel related costs year over year due in part to costs to service the transition services agreement ("tsa") with worley. in comparison, the prior year included $150.1 million of restructuring and other charges and $80.4 million of transaction costs.
net interest expense for the year ended september 27, 2019 was $74.4 million, an increase of $6.6 million from $67.8 million for the corresponding period last year. the increase in net interest expense as compared to the corresponding period last year was due primarily to higher levels of debt outstanding in the current year and our fixed rate notes having been outstanding for the full year of fiscal 2019 and only five months in the prior year.
miscellaneous income (expense), net for the year ended september 27, 2019 was $20.5 million, an increase of $9.2 million as compared to $11.3 million for the corresponding period last year. the increase was due primarily to the gain on the settlement of the ch2m retiree medical plan of $35.0 million, income from the tsa with worley of $35.4 million, offset by $64.8 million, net, relating to ecr related fair value adjustments (unrealized losses) and dividend income related to our investment in worley stock and certain foreign currency revaluations relating to ecr sale proceeds.
net earnings of the group from discontinued operations was $559.2 million for the year ended september 27, 2019, an increase of $391.4 million from $167.8 million for the corresponding period last year. included in the current year amount was the pre-tax gain on the sale of the ecr business of $935.1 million, offset in part by a charge for the final settlement of the nui phao legal matter. the prior fiscal year included a $21.0 million loss associated with the disposal of the company's equity investment in its guimar joint venture.
page 51
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate is lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 21.0% primarily due to a $29.1 million benefit from foreign valuation allowance releases in the current year, $15.7 million of foreign tax and other credits generated in the current year and a reduction in the tax contingency reserves of $6.9 million. the decreases in tax expense were offset by a $36.7 million charge from the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets and other miscellaneous u.s. tax reform changes. the following table reconciles total income tax expense on continuing operations using the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate to the consolidated income tax expense on continuing operations shown in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended september 27, 2019 and september 28, 2018 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended september 27, 2019                 %             september 28, 2018                %
statutory amount                                           $73,701                  21.0    %               $81,421                 24.6    %
state taxes, net of the federal benefit                     10,183                   2.9    %                15,772                  4.8    %
exclusion of tax on non-controlling interests              (4,839)                  (1.4   )%                (2,389        )        (0.7   )%
foreign:
difference in tax rates of foreign operations                1,083                   0.3    %                 2,815                  0.9    %
benefit from foreign valuation allowance release          (29,125)                  (8.3   )%                (5,088        )        (1.5   )%
nontaxable income from foreign affiliate                         -                     -    %                     -                    -    %
u.s. tax cost (benefit) of foreign operations              (17,760        )         (5.1   )%                 4,030                  1.2    %
tax differential on foreign earnings                       (45,802        )        (13.1   )%                 1,757                  0.6    %
foreign tax credits                                       (15,682)                  (4.5   )%               (21,735        )        (6.6   )%
tax reform                                                  36,674                  10.4    %               155,756                 47.1    %
valuation allowance                                          (207)                  (0.1   )%               104,221                 31.5    %
uncertain tax positions                                    (6,883)                  (2.0   )%                (1,402        )        (0.4   )%
other items:
irs §179d deduction                                        (2,957)                  (0.8   )%                (4,557        )        (1.4   )%
irs §199d deduction                                              -                     -                          -                    -    %
disallowed officer compensation                              5,568                   1.6    %                 1,510                  0.5    %
stock compensation                                         (7,864)                  (2.2   )%                (2,158        )        (0.7   )%
foreign partnership income/(loss)                                -                     -    %                (3,678        )        (1.1   )%
other items - net                                          (4,938)                  (1.4   )%                 1,114                  0.3    %
total other items                                         (10,191)                  (2.8   )%                (7,769        )        (2.4   )%
taxes on income from continuing operations                 $36,954                  10.5    %              $325,632                 98.4    %
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate for the year ended september 27, 2019 decreased to 10.5% from 98.4% for fiscal 2018. key drivers for this year over year decrease in the effective tax rate include a reduction of $119.1 million associated with remeasurement of u.s. deferred tax items due to tax reform and a decrease in the amount charged for valuation allowance related to foreign tax credits of $104.4 million.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
revenues for the year ended september 28, 2018, were $10.58 billion, an increase of $4.25 billion, or 67.1%, from $6.33 billion for the corresponding period in 2017. the increase in revenues was due primarily to the ch2m acquisition, along with higher volumes in our legacy cms and pps businesses.
pass-through costs included in revenues for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $2.25 billion in comparison to $1.50 billion in the corresponding period in 2017. in general, pass-through costs are more significant on projects that have a higher content of field services activities. pass-through costs are generally incurred at specific points during the life cycle of a project and are highly dependent on the needs of our individual clients and the nature of the clients' projects. however, because we have hundreds of projects which start at various times within a fiscal year, the effect of pass-through costs on the level of direct costs of contracts can vary between fiscal years without there being a fundamental or significant change to the underlying business.
page 52
gross profit for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $2.16 billion, an increase of $898.5 million, or 71.3% from $1.26 billion for the corresponding period in 2017. our gross profit margins were 20.4% and 19.9% for the years ended september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017, respectively. our continuing strategic focus on realigning our portfolio to higher margin businesses and project execution, along with incremental benefits of the ch2m businesses acquired, drove improved gross profit and margins for the year over year periods.
selling, general & administrative expenses for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $1.77 billion, an increase of $755.2 million, or 74.3%, from $1.02 billion for the corresponding period in 2017. the increase in sg&a expenses for the comparative annual periods was due mainly to the ch2m acquisition. also, included in the 2018 results were $150.1 million of restructuring and other charges and $80.4 million of transaction costs compared to $97.5 million of restructuring and other charges and $17.1 million of transaction costs for fiscal 2017.
net interest expense for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $67.8 million, an increase of $64.5 million from $3.3 million for the corresponding period in 2017. the increase in interest expense for the year ended september 28, 2018 as compared to the corresponding period in 2017 was due primarily to higher levels of average debt balances outstanding related to financing activities for the acquisition of ch2m, which was partially funded with term loan financing of $1.5 billion and revolving credit line borrowings of $850 million.
miscellaneous income (expense), net for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $11.3 million, an increase as compared to $2.3 million for the corresponding period in 2017. the increases were due primarily to unfavorable year over year impacts from unrealized gains and losses from foreign exchange.
net earnings of the group from discontinued operations was $167.8 million for the year ended september 28, 2018, an increase of $50.5 million from $117.3 million for the corresponding period in 2017. included in fiscal 2018 was the $21.0 million loss associated with the disposal of the company's equity investment in its guimar joint venture and in fiscal 2017, $10.9 million associated mainly with the company's divestiture of its equity investment in neste jacobs oy.
page 53
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate was generally higher than the u.s. statutory rate of 24.6% primarily due to the impacts related to u.s. tax reform and the integration of ch2m's tax attributes. the following table reconciles total income tax expense on continuing operations using the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate to the consolidated income tax expense on continuing operations shown in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended september 28, 2018                %             september 29, 2017                %
statutory amount                                           $81,421                 24.6    %               $85,104                 35.0    %
state taxes, net of the federal benefit                     15,772                  4.8    %                 6,983                  2.9    %
exclusion of tax on non-controlling interests               (2,389        )        (0.7   )%                 2,223                  0.9    %
foreign:
difference in tax rates of foreign operations                2,815                  0.9    %                  (880        )        (0.4   )%
benefit from foreign valuation allowance release            (5,088        )        (1.5   )%                (3,085        )        (1.3   )%
nontaxable income from foreign affiliate                         -                    -    %                (1,320        )        (0.5   )%
u.s. tax cost (benefit) of foreign operations                4,030                  1.2    %                10,147                  4.2    %
tax differential on foreign earnings                         1,757                  0.6    %                 4,862                  2.0    %
foreign tax credits                                        (21,735        )        (6.6   )%               (16,337        )        (6.7   )%
tax reform                                                 155,756                 47.1    %                     -                    -
valuation allowance                                        104,221                 31.5    %                     -                    -
uncertain tax positions                                     (1,402        )        (0.4   )%                (5,624        )        (2.3   )%
other items:
irs §179d deduction                                         (4,557        )        (1.4   )%                (2,613        )        (1.1   )%
irs §199d deduction                                              -                    -    %                (1,647        )        (0.7   )%
disallowed officer compensation                              1,510                  0.5    %                 1,255                  0.5    %
stock compensation                                          (2,158        )        (0.7   )%                (1,783        )        (0.7   )%
foreign partnership income/(loss)                           (3,678        )        (1.1   )%                  (725        )        (0.3   )%
other items - net                                            1,114                  0.3    %                 1,405                  0.6    %
total other items                                           (7,769        )        (2.4   )%                (4,108        )        (1.7   )%
taxes on income from continuing operations                $325,632                 98.4    %               $73,103                 30.1    %
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate for continuing operations for the year ended september 28, 2018 increased to 98.4% from 30.1% for fiscal 2017. key drivers for this year over year increase include the reduction in the u.s. statutory tax rate in fiscal year 2018 causing a detriment for provisional remeasurement of the deferred tax items in the u.s. of $139.8 million, as well as a charge for valuation allowance related to foreign tax credits of $104.2 million. in addition, there was an increase due to the difference in foreign tax rates compared to the new u.s. statutory rate of $19.8 million. these detriments were partially offset by a $4.5 million benefit related to internal revenue service code section 179d, a nonrecurring benefit of $2.8 million related to tax accounting method changes and a $5.7 million federal hurricane credit.
page 54
segment financial information the following tables present total revenues and segment operating profit for each reportable segment (in thousands) and includes a reconciliation of segment operating profit to total u.s. gaap operating profit by including certain corporate-level expenses and restructuring and other charges and transaction and integration costs (in thousands). prior period information has been recast to reflect the current period presentation.
for the years ended september 27, 2019             september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017
revenues from external customers:
critical mission solutions               $4,551,162                     $3,725,365                     $2,467,501
people &amp; places solutions             8,186,706                      6,854,408                      3,862,625
total                                   $12,737,868                    $10,579,773                     $6,330,126
for the years ended september 27, 2019             september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017
segment operating profit:
critical mission solutions (1)                            $310,043                       $255,718                       $197,196
people &amp; places solutions (2)                          714,394                        527,900                        265,928
total segment operating profit                           1,024,437                        783,618                        463,124
other corporate expenses (3)                              (264,351        )              (161,788        )              (110,234        )
restructuring and other charges                           (337,066        )              (153,951        )               (91,648        )
transaction costs                                          (18,169        )               (80,436        )               (17,100        )
total u.s. gaap operating profit                           404,851                        387,443                        244,142
total other (expense) income, net (4)                      (53,892        )               (56,462        )                  (988        )
earnings from continuing operations before taxes          $350,959                       $330,981                       $243,154
(1)   includes $15.0 million in charges during the year ended september 28, 2018 associated with a legal matter.
(2)   includes $25.0 million in charges associated with a certain project for the year ended september 27, 2019. excludes $23.8 in restructuring and other charges for the year ended september 29, 2017. see note 9, restructuring and other charges.
(3)   other corporate expenses include costs that were previously allocated to the ecr segment prior to discontinued operations presentation in connection with the ecr sale in the approximate amount of $14.8 million, $25.6 million and $29.1 million for the years ended september 27, 2019, september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017, respectively. other corporate expenses also include intangibles amortization of $79.1 million, $68.1 million and $46.1 million for the years ended september 27, 2019, september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017, respectively.
(4)   includes gain on the settlement of the ch2m retiree medical plans of $35.0 million and the amortization of deferred financing fees related to the ch2m acquisition of $3.2 million and $1.8 million for the years ended september 27, 2019 and september 28, 2018 respectively. also includes revenues under the company's tsa agreement with worley of $35.4 million offset by $64.8 million for fair value adjustments (unrealized losses) and dividend income related to our investment in worley stock and certain foreign currency revaluations relating to ecr sale proceeds for the year ended september 27, 2019.
in evaluating the company's performance by operating segment, the codm reviews various metrics and statistical data for each line of business ("lob") but focuses primarily on revenues and operating profit. as discussed above, segment operating profit includes not only local sg&a expenses but the sg&a expenses of the company's support groups that have been allocated to the segments. in addition, the company attributes each lob's specific incentive compensation plan costs to the lobs. the revenues of the people & places solutions lob are more affected by pass-through revenues than the critical mission solutions lob. the methods for recognizing revenue, incentive fees, project losses and change orders are consistent among the lobs.
page 55
critical mission solutions for the years ended september 27, 2019             september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017
revenue            $4,551,162                     $3,725,365                     $2,467,501
operating profit   $310,043                       $255,718                       $197,196
fiscal 2019 vs. 2018
critical mission solutions (cms) segment revenues for the year ended september 27, 2019 were $4.55 billion, up $825.8 million, or 22.2%, from $3.73 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in revenues were due in large part to nuclear services sector revenue resulting from the ch2m acquisition included for the full year of fiscal 2019 and also incremental revenues from the keyw acquisition. also, our cms revenues were positively impacted by year over year revenue volume growth across the legacy portfolio, highlighted by increased spending by customers in the u.s. government business. impacts on revenues from unfavorable foreign currency were approximately $29.7 million for fiscal year 2019.
operating profit for the segment was $310.0 million for the year ended september 27, 2019, up $54.3 million, or 21.2%, from $255.7 million for the corresponding period last year. in addition to incremental operating profit benefits from the ch2m and keyw acquisitions, the increase from the prior year was primarily attributable to continued growth in profits from our u.s. governmental business. sg&a for the cms segment increased for fiscal 2019 attributable mainly to incremental sg&a associated with the ch2m and keyw acquisitions. fiscal 2018 included charges of $15.0 million associated with a legal matter.
fiscal 2018 vs. 2017
cms segment revenues for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $3.73 billion, up $1.26 billion, or 51.0%, from $2.47 billion for the corresponding period in 2017. the increase in revenues were due in large part to nuclear services revenue resulting from the ch2m acquisition. also, our cms revenues were positively impacted by year over year revenue volume growth across the legacy portfolio, highlighted by increased spending by customers in the u.s. government business and cms' nuclear and defense unit in the u.k. impacts on revenues from favorable foreign currency were approximately $23.8 million for fiscal year 2018.
operating profit for the cms segment was $255.7 million for the year ended september 28, 2018, up $58.5 million, or 29.7%, from $197.2 million for the corresponding period in 2017. in addition to incremental operating profit benefits from the ch2m acquisition, the increase from the prior year was primarily attributable to continued growth in profits from our u.s. governmental business sector and improvements in our nuclear and defense unit in the u.k. and fee income with our u.k. joint venture. sg&a for the cms segment increased for fiscal 2018 attributable mainly to incremental sg&a associated with the ch2m acquisition during the fiscal 2018 and additional charges of $15.0 million associated with a legal matter incurred during fiscal 2018.
people & places solutions for the years ended september 27, 2019             september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017
revenue            $8,186,706                     $6,854,408                     $3,862,625
operating profit   $714,394                       $527,900                       $265,928
fiscal 2019 vs. 2018
revenues for the people & places solutions (pps) segment for the year ended september 27, 2019 were $8.19 billion, up $1.34 billion, or 19.6%, from $6.85 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in revenues was due in part to favorable impacts resulting from the ch2m acquisition included for the full year of fiscal 2019 together with revenue increases across all our businesses given the strong investment by customers in life sciences, electronics, water and transport infrastructure sectors. impacts on revenues from unfavorable foreign currency were approximately $57.8 million for fiscal 2019.
page 56
operating profit for the segment for the year ended september 27, 2019 was $714.4 million, an increase of $186.5 million, or 35.3%, from $527.9 million for the comparative period in 2018. the increase in operating profit was in part due to favorable impacts from the ch2m acquisition, together with positive impacts from the higher year over year revenues for the segment. included in fiscal 2019 results was a $25.0 million charge associated with a project. sg&a for the pps segment increased for fiscal 2019, with this increase being attributable mainly to incremental sg&a associated with the ch2m acquisition in december of fiscal 2018.
fiscal 2018 vs. 2017
revenues for the pps segment for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $6.85 billion, an increase of $2.99 billion, or 77.5%, from $3.86 billion for the corresponding period in 2017. the increase in revenues was due in part to favorable impacts from the ch2m acquisition of approximately $2.22 billion together with revenue increases across all our businesses with strong investment in life sciences, electronics, water and transport infrastructure sectors. impacts on revenues from favorable foreign currency were approximately $59.6 million for fiscal 2018.
operating profit for the segment for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $527.9 million, up $262.0 million, or 98.5%, compared to $265.9 million for the corresponding period in 2017. the increase in operating profit was in part due to favorable impacts from the ch2m acquisition, together with positive impacts from the higher year over year revenues for the segment. sg&a for the pps segment increased for fiscal 2018, with this increase being attributable mainly to incremental sg&a associated with the ch2m acquisition in december of fiscal 2018.
other corporate expenses other corporate expenses were $264.4 million, $161.8 million and $110.2 million for the years ended september 27, 2019, september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017. these increases were due primarily to higher professional service fees, personnel related costs, amortization of intangible assets acquired and approximately $70.2 million of year-to-date other current year cost allocation realignments that occurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 in conjunction with the ch2m acquisition, partially offset by savings in other corporate expenses, including those associated with the ch2m restructuring. prior periods have not been restated for the cost allocation realignments.
included in other corporate expenses in the above table are costs and expenses which relate to general corporate activities as well as corporate-managed benefit and insurance programs. such costs and expenses include: (i) those elements of sg&a expenses relating to the business as a whole; (ii) those elements of our incentive compensation plans relating to corporate personnel whose other compensation costs are not allocated to the lobs; (iii) the amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of business combinations; (iv) the quarterly variances between the company's actual costs of certain of its self-insured integrated risk and employee benefit programs and amounts charged to the lobs; and (v) certain adjustments relating to costs associated with the company's international defined benefit pension plans. in addition, other corporate expenses may also include from time to time certain adjustments to contract margins (both positive and negative) associated with projects where it has been determined, in the opinion of management, that such adjustments are not indicative of the performance of the related lob.
restructuring and other charges for discussion regarding restructuring and other charges, see note 9- restructuring and other charges to the consolidated financial statements.
backlog information we include in backlog the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. our policy with respect to o&m contracts, however, is to include in backlog the amount of revenues we expect to receive for one succeeding year, regardless of the remaining life of the contract. for national government programs (other than national government o&m contracts, which are subject to the same policy applicable to all other o&m contracts), our policy is to include in backlog the full contract award, whether funded or unfunded, excluding option periods. because of variations in the nature, size, expected duration, funding commitments and the scope of services required by our contracts, the timing of when backlog will be recognized as revenues can vary greatly between individual contracts.
page 57
consistent with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation or termination at the option of the client, including our u.s. government work. while management uses all information available to it to determine backlog, at any given time our backlog is subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as increases or decreases in costs relating to the contracts included therein. backlog is not necessarily an indicator of future revenues.
certain contracts (e.g., contracts relating to large epc projects as well as national government programs) can cause large increases to backlog in the fiscal period in which we recognize the award, and because many of our contracts require us to provide services that span over a number of fiscal quarters (and sometimes over fiscal years).
please refer to item 1a- risk factors, above, for a discussion of other factors that may cause backlog to ultimately convert into revenues at different amounts.
the following table summarizes our backlog for the years ended september 27, 2019, september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017 (in millions):
september 27, 2019         september 28, 2018         september 29, 2017
critical mission solutions               $8,460                     $7,130                     $5,557
people &amp; places solutions            14,109                     12,825                      7,590
total                                   $22,569                    $19,955                    $13,147
the increase in backlog in critical mission solutions for the years presented were primarily the result of new awards from the u.s. federal government and the keyw acquisition in fiscal year 2019.
the increase in backlog in people & places solutions for the years presented were primarily the result of new awards in australia and the u.s., in addition to the ch2m acquisition in fiscal 2018.
backlog relating to work to be performed either directly or indirectly for the u.s. federal government and its agencies totaled approximately $8.8 billion (or 39.1% of total backlog), $6.8 billion (or 34.1% of total backlog) and $4.6 billion (or 34.9% of total backlog) at september 27, 2019, september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017, respectively. most of our federal government contracts require that services be provided beyond one year. in general, these contracts must be funded annually (i.e., the amounts to be spent under the contract must be appropriated by the u.s. congress to the procuring agency, and then the agency must allot these sums to the specific contracts).
we estimate that approximately $8.66 billion, or 38.4%, of total backlog at september 27, 2019 will be realized as revenues within the next fiscal year.
consolidated backlog differs from the company's remaining performance obligations as defined by asc 606 primarily because of our national government contracts (other than national government o&m contracts). our policy is to include in backlog the full contract award, whether funded or unfunded excluding the option periods while our remaining performance obligations represent a measure of the total dollar value of work to be performed on contracts awarded and in progress. additionally, the company includes our proportionate share of backlog related to unconsolidated joint ventures which is not included in our remaining performance obligations.
liquidity and capital resources at september 27, 2019, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of $631.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, $1.94 billion of available borrowing capacity under our $2.25 billion restated revolving credit agreement (the "new credit agreement") and cash flows from operating activities. additional information regarding the new credit agreement is set forth in note 10 - borrowings in notes to consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k. we finance much of our operations and growth through cash generated by our operations.
at september 27, 2019, our cash and cash equivalents were $631.1 million, a decrease of $3.8 million from $634.9 million at september 28, 2018. this decrease was due to cash flows provided by investing activities of $2.2 billion and exchange rate effects on cash of $20.8 million, offset by unfavorable cash flows from financing activities of $2.0 billion and cash used for operations of $366.4 million.
page 58
our cash flow used for operations of $366.4 million during fiscal 2019 was comparatively lower than the $481.2 million in cash flow from operations for the corresponding period in fiscal 2018, due primarily to higher uses of cash in working capital (including cash paid for taxes relating to the ecr sale) compared to the previous period, offset in part by higher net earnings after add back of non-cash adjustments (including those related to the ecr sale) compared to the prior period. also, the current fiscal year included acquisition costs related to keyw and the prior fiscal year included acquisition costs incurred in connection with the ch2m acquisition.
our cash provided by investing activities for fiscal 2019 of $2.2 billion was comparatively higher than the $1.6 billion cash used in investing activities for the corresponding period in fiscal 2018. the change is primarily attributable to cash provided by the ecr sale offset slightly by the cash used for the keyw acquisition in the current year and cash used for the ch2m acquisition in the prior year. also, additions to property and equipment increased from the comparative period and in the current period we received $64.7 million in proceeds from the sale of a portion of our worley stock investment.
our cash used for financing activities of $2.0 billion in fiscal 2019 resulted mainly from net repayments of borrowings of $1.0 billion, primarily related to repayments with cash received from the ecr sale, and common stock repurchases of $853.7 million. cash provided by financing activities was $1.14 billion for the prior fiscal year, provided mainly from the proceeds on borrowings to fund the ch2m acquisition. additionally, the company paid $106.4 million in dividends to shareholders and noncontrolling interests during the current fiscal year, compared to $86.6 million in dividends paid in the prior fiscal year period.
at september 27, 2019, the company had approximately $224.9 million in cash and cash equivalents held in the u.s. and $406.2 million held outside of the u.s. (primarily in the u.k., the eurozone, australia, india and the united arab emirates), which is used primarily for funding operations in those regions. other than the tax cost of repatriating funds to the u.s. (see note 15- income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k), there are no material impediments to repatriating these funds to the u.s.
the company had $262.2 million in letters of credit outstanding at september 27, 2019. of this amount, $2.3 million was issued under the new credit agreement and $259.9 million was issued under separate, committed and uncommitted letter-of-credit facilities.
on april 26, 2019, jacobs completed the sale of its ecr business to worley for a purchase price of $3.4 billion consisting of (i) $2.8 billion in cash plus (ii) 58.2 million ordinary shares of worley, subject to adjustments for changes in working capital and certain other items.
in 2019, the company repurchased $853.6 million in shares. at the end of fiscal 2019, the company has $393.7 million remaining under its $1.0 billion share repurchase authorization.
on june 12, 2019, jacobs completed the acquisition of the keyw holding corporation ("keyw"), a u.s. based innovative national security solutions provider to the intelligence, cyber, and counterterrorism communities by acquiring 100% of the outstanding shares of keyw common stock. the company paid total consideration of $902.6 million which was comprised of approximately $604.2 million in cash to the former stockholders and certain equity award holders of keyw and the assumption of keyw's convertible debt of $22.6 million and first and second lien notes which totaled approximately $275.8 million. immediately following the effective time of the acquisition, the company repaid keyw's first and second lien notes. in july, the company repaid keyw's outstanding convertible debt of $22.6 million. the company has recorded its preliminary purchase accounting associated with the acquisition, which is summarized in note 5- business combinations.
we believe we have adequate liquidity and capital resources to fund our projected cash requirements for the next twelve months based on the liquidity provided by our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our borrowing capacity and our continuing cash from operations. we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants at september 27, 2019.
contractual obligations the following table sets forth certain information about our contractual obligations as of september 27, 2019 (in thousands):
page 59
payments due by fiscal period total             1 year or less               1 - 3 years             3 - 5 years           more than 5 years debt obligations                                                    $1,403,780                $200,000                   $400,000                $303,780                  $500,000
interest (1)                                                           224,119                  50,230                     63,357                  54,011                    56,521
operating leases                                                     1,113,581                 190,287                    323,469                 247,631                   352,194
unfunded portion of defined benefit pension plans (2)                  399,822                  32,619                     69,204                  74,852                   223,147
obligations under nonqualified deferred compensation plans (3)         204,635                  38,752                     82,217                  83,666                         -
purchase obligations (4)                                             3,070,634               2,245,609                    825,025                       -                         -
total                                                               $6,416,571              $2,757,497                 $1,763,272                $763,940                $1,131,862
(1)   determined based on borrowings outstanding at the end of fiscal 2019 using the interest rates in effect at that time and, for our outstanding long-term debt, concluding with the expiration date of the debt facilities, as defined below.
(2)   assumes that future contributions will be consistent with amounts contributed in fiscal 2019, allowing for certain growth based on rates of inflation and salary increases, but limited to the amount recorded as of september 27, 2019. actual contributions will depend on a variety of factors, including amounts required by local laws and regulations, and other funding requirements.
(3)   assumes that future payments will be consistent with amounts paid in fiscal 2019. due to the non-qualified nature of the plans, and the fact that benefits are based in part on years of service, the payments included in the schedule were limited to the amount recorded as of september 27, 2019.
(4)   represents those liabilities estimated to be under firm contractual commitments as of september 27, 2019; primarily accounts payable, accrued payroll and accrued dividends.
effects of inflation and changing prices the effects of inflation and changing prices on our business is discussed in item 1a- risk factors, and is incorporated herein by reference.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the form of guarantees not reflected in our balance sheet that arise in the normal course of business. however, such off-balance sheet arrangements are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or resources. see note 16- commitments and contingencies and derivative financial instruments of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting pronouncements lease accounting in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02 leases. asu 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for most leases. asu 2016-02 is effective for public entity financial statements for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods. early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. the new guidance currently requires a modified retrospective transition approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. asu 2016-02 was further clarified and amended within asu 2017-13, asu 2018-01, asu 2018-10 and asu 2018-11 which included provisions that would provide us with the option to adopt the provisions of the new guidance using a modified retrospective transition approach, without adjusting the comparative periods presented. the company is evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and expects to use the modified retrospective transition approach without adjusting the comparative periods presented and expects a significant increase to the balance sheet in its assets for the lease right of use asset and a significant increase to the balance sheet in its liabilities for the lease obligation.
other pronouncements in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, the company adopted asu 2016-01, financial instruments - overall - recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. this asu requires entities to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity method at fair value and to page 60
recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless the investments qualify for a practicability exception. the adoption of asu 2016-01 in the first quarter did not impact the company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. however, as described in note 7- sale of energy, chemicals and resources ("ecr") business, the company received ordinary shares of worley during the third quarter of 2019 which are measured at fair value through net income in accordance with asu 2016-01.
in august 2017, the fasb issued asu no. 2017-12, derivatives and hedging (topic 815): targeted improvements to accounting for hedging activities. asu 2017-12 provides financial reporting improvements related to hedging relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity's risk management activities in its financial statements. additionally, asu no. 2017-12 makes certain targeted improvements to simplify the application of the hedge accounting guidance. the revised guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. the company is evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. it is not expected that the updated guidance will have a significant impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
asu 2017-04, simplifying the test for goodwill impairment, is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. asu 2017-04 removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. an entity will now recognize a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. management does not expect the adoption of asu 2017-04 to have any impact on the company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
asu no. 2016-13, financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments requires entities to use a current lifetime expected credit loss methodology to measure impairments of certain financial assets. using this methodology will result in earlier recognition of losses than under the current incurred loss approach, which requires waiting to recognize a loss until it is probable of having been incurred. there are other provisions within the standard that affect how impairments of other financial assets may be recorded and presented, and that expand disclosures. this standard will be effective for our interim and annual periods beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2021, and must be applied on a modified retrospective basis. we are currently evaluating the potential impact of this standard.
