item 1a. risk factors risks relating to us following the dps merger optimizing our operations may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the dps merger may not be realized.
prior to the dps merger, dps and keurig operated independently. during 2019, we significantly completed the integration of these legacy companies into kdp.
the success of the dps merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, depends, in part, on our ability to optimize our operations. the optimization of our operations following the dps merger is a complex, costly and time-consuming process which began in july 2018 upon the closing of the dps merger and remains ongoing. if we experience difficulties in this process, the anticipated benefits of the dps merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have an adverse effect on us for an undetermined period after completion of the dps merger. there can be no assurances that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the dps merger.
we are also incurring costs related to the optimization of our operations, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the optimization of our operations.
the unaudited historical pro forma combined financial statements are presented for illustrative purposes only and our actual financial condition and results of operations following the dps merger may differ materially.
the unaudited historical pro forma combined financial statements are presented for illustrative purposes only; are based on various adjustments, assumptions and preliminary estimates; and may not be an indication of our financial condition or results of operations for several reasons. our actual financial condition and results of operations following the completion of the integration of the businesses may not be consistent with, or evident from, these unaudited historical pro forma combined financial statements. in addition, the assumptions used in preparing the unaudited historical pro forma combined financial statements may not be realized, and other factors may affect our financial condition or results of operations. any potential decline in our financial condition or results of operations may cause significant variations in the unaudited historical pro forma financial statements and our stock price.
risks relating to our business we operate in intensely competitive categories.
the industries in which we operate are highly competitive and continue to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. competition is generally based upon brand recognition and perception, taste, quality, price, availability, product selection, performance and convenience. brand recognition and perception may be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and marketing programs, as well as our use of social media and online ratings and reviews of its products, including our appliances. in addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brands' image will depend on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including an increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns and marketing programs. within the lrb category, we compete with multinational corporations with significant financial resources.
our two largest competitors in the lrb category are coca-cola and pepsico, each of which has a significantly higher share of the u.s. lrb category than us. we also compete in the lrb category against other large companies, including nestlé and kraft heinz. these competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities. within the lrb category, we also compete with a number of smaller brands and a variety of smaller, regional and private label manufacturers, such as refresco group. smaller companies may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market and better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets. we also compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. in canada, mexico and the caribbean, we compete with many of these same international companies as well as a number of regional competitors.
a significant percentage of the coffee systems segment's financial performance is attributable to sales of k-cup pods for use with keurig brewing systems. for the year ended december 31, 2019, revenue from k-cup pods represented approximately 80% of the net sales of the coffee systems segment. we compete for sales of k-cup pods against local and regional brands, as well as against private label brands developed by retailers. our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the countries in which we operate or in various local marketplaces or maintain or enhance our relationships with our partners and customers may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, including as a result of increased consolidation in the food and beverage industry and a significant increase in the number of competitive pod contract manufacturers.
continued acceptance of keurig brewing systems and sales of k-cup pods to an increasing installed customer base are significant factors in our coffee systems' growth plans. any substantial or sustained decline in the sale of keurig brewing systems, failure to continue to reduce the cost of keurig brewing systems, or substantial or sustained decline in the sales of k-cup pods could materially and adversely affect our business. keurig brewing systems compete against all sellers and types of coffeemakers. if we do not succeed in continuing to reduce the costs of manufacturing keurig brewing systems or differentiating keurig brewing systems from our competitors in the coffeemaker category, based on technology, quality of products, desired brands or otherwise, or our competitors adopt their respective strategies, our competitive position may be weakened.
if we are unable to compete effectively against our competitors, our sales, volume, growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.
we may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns and other factors, which could impact our financial results.
consumers' preferences can change due to a variety of factors, including the age and ethnic demographics of the population, social trends, changes in consumer lifestyles, negative publicity, competitive product and pricing pressures, economic downturn or other factors.
for example, in the lrb industry, consumers are increasingly concerned about health and wellness, focusing on the caloric intake associated with regular csds, the use of artificial sweeteners in diet csds, and the use of natural, organic or simple ingredients in lrb products. the demand for csds has therefore decreased as consumers have shifted towards ncbs, such as water, ready-to-drink coffee and teas, and sports drinks. a key component of our growth strategy is continuing to develop, partner with or acquire products to cater to the next wave of consumer preferences, including ncbs and other growing beverage categories. if we do not effectively anticipate these trends and changing consumer beverage preferences and quickly develop new products or partner with a current or new brand partner in that category in response, our sales could suffer. developing and launching new products can be risky and expensive.
consumers are also increasingly focused on sustainability, with particular attention to the recyclability of product packaging, reducing consumption of single-use plastics and non-recyclable materials, and the environmental impact of manufacturing operations. if we do not meet consumer demands by providing recyclable packaging options and focusing on sustainability throughout our manufacturing operations, our sales could suffer.
if we are not successful in timely responding to changing markets and consumer preferences, and/or some of our competitors are better able to respond to these changes, our business and financial performance will be negatively affected.
our use of information technology and third party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us.
we use information technology and third party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations; communicating with our suppliers, customers and employees; maintaining financial information and effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; engaging in mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. global shared service centers managed by third parties provide an increasing amount of services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, internal control, human resources and computing functions.
continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware. our continuity of business applications and operations has been, and may in the future be, also disrupted by other cybersecurity attacks; issues with or errors in systems' maintenance or security; migration of applications to the cloud; power outages; hardware or software failures; denial of service; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; and other catastrophic occurrences. further, cybersecurity breaches of our or third party systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyberattacks, hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions may cause confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities to be misused or breached. when risks such as these materialize, the need for us to coordinate with various third party service providers and for third party service providers to coordinate amongst themselves might make it more challenging to resolve the related issues. additionally, in the event of a cybersecurity breach of confidential information that we process and maintain about our employees or consumers through our e-commerce platform could be potentially exposed. if our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans or those of our third party providers do not effectively respond to or resolve the issues related to any such disruptions in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we might experience delays in reporting our financial results, loss of intellectual property, breach of confidential information and damage to our reputation or brands.
we continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data; we are also in the process of enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment. however, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. in addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of security threats, we cannot predict the form and impact of any future incident, and the cost and operational expense of implementing, maintaining and enhancing protective measures to guard against increasingly complex and sophisticated cyber threats could increase significantly. although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of a breach or disruption, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.
we regularly move data across national borders to conduct our operations and consequently are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations.
we could lose key personnel or may be unable to recruit qualified personnel.
our future success depends upon the continued contributions of senior management and other key personnel and the ability to retain and motivate them. if we are unable to retain and motivate the senior management team and other key personnel sufficiently to support the projected growth and initiatives of our business, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected.
we depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales.
food and beverage retailers in the u.s. have been consolidating, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with increased buying power. they are in a better position to resist our price increases and demand lower prices and more favorable trade terms. to the extent we provide concessions or trade terms that are favorable to retailers, our respective margins would be reduced. retailers also have leverage to require us to provide increased marketing and promotional expenditures, including larger, more tailored promotional and product delivery programs. if we and our partners, including bottlers, distributors and licensees, do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing and service to these retailers, our product availability, sales and margins could suffer. in addition, certain retailers make up a significant percentage of our products' retail volume, including volume sold by our bottlers and distributors. some retailers also offer their own private label products that compete with some of our brands. accordingly, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail customers, such as walmart and costco, key e-commerce retailers such as amazon.com, and grocery customers.
if we are unable to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers, or such customers determine that they need fewer inventories to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from competitors, which would harm our sales and profitability. furthermore, the loss of sales from a major retailer could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
we depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a significant portion of our business.
net sales from our beverage concentrates segment represent sales of beverage concentrates to third-party bottling companies that we do not own. the beverage concentrates segment's operations generate a significant portion of our overall income from operations. some of these bottlers, such as pepsico, are also our competitors, or also bottle and distribute a competitor's products, such as pepsico and coca-cola affiliated bottlers. the majority of these bottlers' business comes from selling either their own products or our competitors' products. in addition, some of the products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. as independent companies, these bottlers and distributors make their own business decisions. they may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our products, our competitors' products and their own products. they may devote more resources to other products or take other actions detrimental to our brands. in most cases, they are able to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with us without cause. we may need to increase support for our brands in their territories and may not be able to pass price increases through to them. their financial condition could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond their control, and their business could suffer as a result. deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third-party bottlers.
failure to maintain strategic relationships with well-recognized brands/brand owners and private label brands could adversely impact our future growth and business.
we have entered into strategic relationships for the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of k-cup pods with well-regarded beverage companies such as starbucks corporation, dunkin' brands group, inc., the j.m. smucker company, kraft heinz, newman's own organics, mcdonald's, peet's coffee & tea, and tim hortons, as well as with retailers such as costco, the kroger co. and walmart for their private label brands. as independent companies, our strategic partners make their own business decisions which may not align with our interests. if we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our strategic partners through a combination of premium performance and service, pricing, and marketing and advertising support, or if these strategic partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and technological or other development efforts, they may take actions, including entering into agreements with competing pod contract manufacturers or vertically integrating to manufacture their own k-cup pods. increasing competition among k-cup pod manufacturers and the move to vertical integration may result in price compression, which could have an adverse effect on our gross margins. the loss of strategic partners could also adversely impact our future profitability and growth, awareness of keurig brewing systems, our ability to attract additional branded or private label parties to do business with us or our ability to attract new consumers to buy keurig brewing systems.
our agreements with our allied brands could be terminated.
approximately 95% of our 2019 packaged beverages net sales come from the manufacturing and distribution of our own brands and the manufacturing of certain private label beverages, with the remaining from the distribution of allied brands, which include, but are not limited to, vita coco coconut water, evian water, neuro drinks, high brew rtd coffee, forto coffee shots, a shoc energy drinks, peet's rtd coffee and runa energy drinks.
we are subject to a risk of our allied brands terminating their agreements with us, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. within each distribution agreement, we have certain protections in case the allied brands terminate their agreements, including a one-time termination payment.
u.s. and international laws and regulations could adversely affect our business.
our products are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the u.s., canada, mexico and other countries in which we conduct business. these laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business including the manufacture, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, marketing, advertising, distribution and sale of our products. other laws and regulations that may impact our business relate to the environment, relations with distributors and retailers, employment, privacy, health and trade practices. our expanding international business will also expose us to economic factors, regulatory requirements, increasing competition and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries. our international business is also subject to u.s. laws, regulations and policies, including anti-corruption and export laws and regulations.
violations of these laws or regulations in the manufacture, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, advertising, distribution and sale of our products could damage our reputation and/or result in criminal, civil or administrative actions with substantial financial penalties and operational limitations. in addition, any significant change in such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, could result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures or significant challenges to our ability to continue to produce and sell products that generate a significant portion of our sales and profits. for example, changes in recycling and bottle deposit laws or special taxes on soft drinks or ingredients could increase our costs. in addition, changes in legislation imposing tariffs on or restricting the importation of our products or raw materials required to make our products, restricting the sale of k-cup pods, requiring compostability of k-cup pods, limiting the ability of consumers to put k-cup pods into municipal waste or recycling streams or requiring manufacturers of k-cup pods to pay responsible producer or other fees to local or other governmental entities in connection with the collection, recycling or disposition of k-cup pods could increase costs for us or, at least for some period of time, cut off a significant source of our sales and profits. regulatory focus on the health, safety and marketing of food products is increasing. certain federal or state regulations or laws affecting the labeling of our products, such as california's "proposition 65," which requires warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially causing cancer or birth defects, are or could become applicable to our products.
substantial disruption to production at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur.
a disruption in production at our beverage concentrates manufacturing facility, which manufactures almost all of our concentrates, or at our other facilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, a disruption could occur at any of our other facilities or those of our suppliers, bottlers, contract manufacturers or distributors. the disruption could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, epidemics, strikes, transportation or supply interruption, contractual dispute, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. moreover, if demand increases more than we forecast, we will need to either expand our capabilities internally or acquire additional capacity. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more than existing facilities or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
costs and supply for commodities, such as raw materials and energy, may change substantially and shortages may occur.
price increases for our raw materials could exert pressure on our costs and we may not be able to effectively hedge or pass along any such increases to our customers or consumers. furthermore, any price increases passed along to our customers or consumers could reduce demand for our products. such increases could negatively affect our business and financial performance. furthermore, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments.
the principal raw materials we use in our cold business include pet bottles and caps, aluminum cans and ends, sweeteners, paper products, fruit, glass bottles and enclosures, juices, teas, and water. these raw materials are sourced from industries characterized by a limited supply base and their cost can fluctuate substantially. under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs, such as aluminum in the case of cans, natural gas in the case of glass bottles, resin in the case of pet bottles and caps, corn in the case of sweeteners and pulp in the case of paperboard packaging.
our principal raw materials in our hot business include coffee beans and k-cup pod raw materials (including cups, filter paper and other ingredients) used in the manufacturing of our k-cup pods. we purchase, roast and sell high-quality whole bean arabica coffee and related coffee products. the arabica coffee of the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the "c" price of coffee. this premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase, and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. increases in the "c" coffee commodity price do increase the price of high-quality arabica coffee and also impacts our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. we frequently enter into supply contracts whereby the quality, quantity, delivery period and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base "c" coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. these are known as price-to-be-fixed contracts. the supply and price of coffee we purchase can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather, natural disasters, crop disease (such as coffee rust), general cost increases in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels and political and economic conditions, as well as the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. speculative trading in coffee commodities can also influence coffee prices. if we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of green coffee due to any of the factors described herein or a worldwide or regional shortage, we may not be able to fulfill the demand for our coffee, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
we also have a limited number of suppliers for certain strategic raw materials critical for the manufacture of k-cup pods and the processing of certain key ingredients in our k-cup pods, particularly for cups and filter paper. in addition, in order to ensure a continuous supply of high-quality raw materials some of our inventory purchase obligations include long-term purchase commitments for certain strategic raw materials critical for the manufacture of k-cup pods and appliances. the timing of these may not always coincide with the period in which we need the supplies to fulfill customer demand. this could lead to higher and more variable inventory levels and/or higher raw material costs for us.
if our suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, we could suffer shortages or substantial cost increases. changing suppliers can require long lead times. the failure of our suppliers to meet our needs could occur for many reasons, including fires, natural disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, crop failure, strikes, transportation interruption, government regulation, political instability, cybersecurity attacks and terrorism. a failure of supply could also occur due to suppliers' financial difficulties, including bankruptcy. some of these risks may be more acute where the supplier or its plant is located in riskier or less-developed countries or regions. any significant interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm our business and financial performance.
in addition, we use a significant amount of energy in our business, and therefore may be significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution business and our use of third-party carriers. additionally, conversion of raw materials into our products for sale uses electricity and natural gas.
if we do not successfully manage our investments in new business strategies or integrate and manage our acquired businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected.
we expect to acquire businesses or brands to expand our product portfolio and distribution rights and may invest in new business strategies and/or joint ventures. in evaluating such endeavors, we will be required to make difficult judgments regarding the value of business strategies, opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and cost of potential liabilities. furthermore, we may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with any of our completed acquisitions and any future acquisitions, including in connection with the integration or management of the acquired businesses or brands and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in integrating them into our operating and internal control structures. we may also experience delays in extending our respective internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in our financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. additionally, new ventures and investments are inherently risky and may not be successful, and we may face challenges in achieving strategic objectives and other benefits expected from such investments or ventures. any acquisitions, investments or ventures may also result in the diversion of management attention and resources from other initiatives and operations. our financial performance will depend in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and the success of our other investments and ventures. we may not achieve the strategic and financial objectives for such transactions. if we are unable to achieve such objectives, our consolidated results could be negatively affected.
our financial results may be negatively impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions.
changes in economic and financial conditions in the u.s., canada, mexico, the caribbean or other geographies where we do business may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. we may be impacted by consumer price sensitivity associated with many of our products. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets worldwide may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to supply materials timely. additionally, these disruptions could have a negative effect on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of unsecured commercial paper or senior notes.
we also face counterparty risk for our cash investments and derivative instruments. declines in the securities and credit markets could also affect our marketable securities and pension fund, which in turn could increase funding requirements.
product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products, including beverage products and our brewing systems. we have various quality, environmental, health and safety supply chain standards. a failure or perceived failure to meet our quality or safety standards, including product contamination or tampering, or allegations of mislabeling, whether actual or perceived, could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers, manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. this could result in time consuming and expensive production interruptions, recalls, market withdrawals, product liability claims, and negative publicity. it could also result in the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, fines from applicable regulatory agencies, and higher-than-anticipated rates of warranty returns and other returns of goods. moreover, negative publicity also could be generated from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or limited recalls.
any or all of these events may lead to a loss of consumer confidence and trust, could damage the goodwill associated with our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products and could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
we have incurred significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect us, including decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense.
in connection with the dps merger, we incurred significant additional indebtedness, which could adversely affect us, including decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense. the amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels following completion of the dps merger, and thus the demands on our cash resources, is greater than the amount of cash flows required to service dps's and maple's respective indebtedness prior to the dps merger. the increased levels of indebtedness could also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness as it becomes due and other general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. if we do not achieve the expected benefits and cost savings from the dps merger, or if our financial performance does not meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
additionally, in assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as our results of operations and financial position at the time. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength, the credit agencies' perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our current or future results of operations and financial position or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. furthermore, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could limit a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. in addition, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings may reduce flexibility of our business to engage in certain transactions, such as the execution and renewal of certain leases.
moreover, in the future we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, the repayment or refinancing of its indebtedness, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all.
determinations in the future that a significant impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $49,518 million of total assets, of which $20,172 million were goodwill and $24,117 million were other intangible assets. intangible assets include both definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets in connection with brands, trade names, acquired technology, customer relationships, contractual arrangements and favorable leases. we conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that all or a portion of the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. if the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. for additional information about these intangible assets, see "critical accounting estimates - goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets" in item 7 and note 3 and note 5 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," in this annual report on form 10-k.
the impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets. an impairment could be recorded as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products and/or the product category resulting in diminished long-term revenue growth; (ii) higher commodity or transportation prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; (iv) not achieving forecasted synergies from the dps merger; (v) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events; and (vi) changes in our discount rates, which could change due to factors such as movement in risk free interest rates, changes in general market interest rate and market beta volatility, among others. since a number of factors may influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangibles will occur in the future. any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our consolidated statements of income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and increase our effective tax rate.
increases in our cost of benefits in the future could reduce our profitability.
our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs and other benefits. in recent years, these costs have increased significantly due to factors such as increases in health care costs, declines in investment returns on pension assets and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. these factors will continue to put pressure on our business and financial performance. although we will actively seek to control increases in costs, there can be no assurance that it will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward cost pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
the agreements that govern the indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us and may affect our ability to operate our business.
the agreements that govern the indebtedness, including the indentures governing the $11,975 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, and the kdp credit agreements governing the $2,000 million 2019 kdp term loan, the $2,400 million kdp revolver and the $750 million 364-day credit agreement, contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to incur debt and our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person, and engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations.
deterioration of general macro-economic conditions could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity due to impacts on our suppliers, customers and operating costs.
our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability and willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. many factors outside our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. such factors include a general decline in the economy and economic conditions and prolonged recessionary conditions. these events could negatively affect our suppliers' operations and make it difficult for them to obtain the credit lines or loans necessary to finance their operations in the short-term or long-term and meet our product requirements.
financial or operational difficulties that some of our suppliers may face, including their ability to access working capital, could also increase the cost of the products we purchase from them, the timing of settlement for our obligation to the supplier or our ability to source product from them. we might not be able to pass our increased costs onto our customers and, to the extent these difficulties impact the timing of settlement for our obligation to the supplier, we may have a decrease in our cash flow from operations and may have to use our various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity needs.
fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our financial results.
we are subject to income taxes and non-income-based taxes in many u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions. income tax expense includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. at any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. as these audits and negotiations progress, events may occur that change our expectation about how the audit will ultimately be resolved. as a result, there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly and/or annual tax rates as events occur that cause a change in our provision for uncertain tax positions. in addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial statement period may be significantly impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules, tax regulations or interpretations of existing law. in addition, tax legislation may be enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our effective tax rate. among other things, a number of countries are considering changes to their tax laws applicable to multinational corporate groups, such as the tcja. some foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to the tcja that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and operating results. moreover, many of the new provisions of the tcja will need to be implemented through u.s. department of treasury regulations and other guidance that could impact the interpretation and effect of these provisions. changes in tax laws, regulations, related interpretations, and tax accounting standards in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect our financial results.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in mexico and canada may adversely affect our operating results.
while our operations are predominately in the u.s., we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in the mexican peso, the canadian dollar as well as other foreign currencies in which we transact business. we may continue to hedge a small portion of our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations by utilizing derivative instruments for certain transactions. however, we are not protected against most foreign currency fluctuations.
as a result, our financial performance may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. moreover, any favorable or unfavorable impacts to gross profit, gross margin and income from operations from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be inconsistent year over year.
we continue to be exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk that we may not be able to manage through derivative instruments and may incur material losses from such transactions utilizing derivative instruments.
our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property, including termination of distribution rights, could harm our business.
we possess intellectual property that is important to our business. this intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. we and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights. litigation could disrupt our business, divert management attention and cost a substantial amount to protect our rights or defend against claims. we cannot be certain that the steps it takes to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products and business could be harmed.
we will continue to license various trademarks from third parties and license our trademarks to third parties. in some countries, third parties own a particular trademark or other intellectual property that we own in the u.s., canada or mexico. for example, the dr pepper trademark and formula is owned by coca-cola outside north america. adverse events affecting those third parties or their products could negatively impact our brands.
in some cases, we license rights to distribute third-party products. the licensor may be able to terminate the license arrangement upon an agreed period of notice, in some cases without payment to us of any termination fee. the termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
weather, natural disasters, water availability, and climate change or related legislation could adversely affect our business.
unseasonable or unusual weather, natural disasters or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the price or availability of raw materials, energy and fuel, our ability to produce and demand for our products. unusually cool weather during the summer months or unusually warm weather during the winter months may result in reduced demand for our products and have a negative effect on our business and financial performance.
global climate change poses a serious threat to communities, businesses, farmers and ecosystems across the world. climate change is already affecting the agricultural sector, and disruptions to crop growing conditions are expected to increase with extreme weather events, increasing temperatures, and changing water availability. water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products. climate change may cause water scarcity and a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain operations. the competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in the countries where we operate, and as water becomes scarcer or the quality of the water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations.
we are also faced with the impact of disruptions to crop growing conditions as a result of changing weather patterns, which can cause changes in geographical ranges of crops, as well as weeds, diseases and pests that affect those crops. these impacts may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as coffee, corn and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products.
concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting greenhouse gas emissions. for example, proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions continue to be considered by policy makers in the countries in which we will operate. laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect our production, distribution, packaging (including k-cup pods and the disposal of k-cup pods), cost of raw materials, fuel, ingredients and water could all negatively impact our business and financial results.
we rely on independent certification for a number of products. loss of certification within our supply chain or as related to manufacturing processes could harm our business.
we rely on independent certification, such as certifications of products as "organic" or "responsibly sourced," to differentiate some products from others. we must comply with the requirements of independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as certified. the loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our marketplace position, which could harm our business.
we rely on the performance of a limited number of suppliers, manufacturers and order fulfillment companies.
a small number of companies manufacture the vast majority of our brewing systems, with a majority of the brewing systems we sell procured from one third-party brewing system manufacturer. if these manufacturers are not able to scale their manufacturing operations to match increasing consumer demand for our brewing systems at competitive costs, our overall results will be negatively affected. our reliance on third-party manufacturers also exposes us to increased risk that certain minerals and metals, known as "conflict minerals", that are contained in our brewing systems have originated from "covered countries" (as defined in section 1502 of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010) but cannot be determined to be "conflict free". as a result of the passage of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010, the sec adopted disclosure requirements for public companies whose products contain conflict minerals that are necessary to the functionality or production of such products. under these rules, we are required to obtain sourcing data from suppliers, perform supply chain due diligence, and file annually with the sec a specialized disclosure report on form sd covering the prior calendar year. we have incurred and expect to incur additional costs to comply with the rules, including costs related to the determination of the origin, source and chain of custody of the conflict minerals used in our products and the adoption of conflict minerals-related governance policies, processes and controls. moreover, the implementation of these compliance measures could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of materials used in the manufacture of our products to the extent that there may be only a limited number of suppliers that are able to meet our sourcing requirements. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such materials in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. we may also encounter customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free. if we are not able to meet customer requirements, such customers may choose to not purchase our products, which could impact our sales and the value of portions of our inventory.
in addition, we rely on a limited number of key suppliers and distribution and fulfillment partners for material aspects of our business. as a result, we may have limited negotiation leverage with regards to these suppliers, which could negatively affect the business and financial performance of our business.
we may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity including labor disputes or work stoppages.
approximately 8,000 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. these agreements typically expire every three to four years at various dates. we may not be able to renew our collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. this could result in labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales. the terms of existing, renewed or expanded agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency.
we depend on key information systems and third-party service providers.
we depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. we rely on third-party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting, collecting, storing and transmitting our primary data center and processing various accounting and transactional services. an offshore shared service center managed by third parties provides lower cost services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, tax, and computing functions. if any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance (including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements), we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, our reputation could be harmed or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. in addition, the management of multiple third-party service providers increases operational complexity and decreases our control.
our information systems contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. these systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
in addition, because we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the pci standard, issued by the payment card industry security standards council. the pci standard contains compliance guidelines with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. we are not fully compliant with the pci standard and there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to operate our facilities and our customer service and sales operations in accordance with pci or other industry recommended or contractually required practices. we are in the process to be in compliance with the pci standard. however, complying with the pci standard and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention. costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology such as those necessary to achieve compliance with the pci standard or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. even if we are compliant with pci standard, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches. any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
in addition, some of our commercial partners may receive or store information provided by us or our users through their websites, including information entrusted to them by customers. if we or these third-party commercial partners fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or fail to comply with their respective online policies, or in the event of a breach of our networks, our users' data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed.
as cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and increase, our information systems could also be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes or corrupting information. these risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider personnel. such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, regulatory actions or investigations, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business.
litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
from time to time we may be a party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings that may include employment, tort, real estate, antitrust, environmental, recycling/sustainability, intellectual property, commercial, securities, false advertising, packaging, product labeling, consumer protection and other claims. from time to time we may be a defendant in class action litigation, including litigation regarding employment practices, product labeling, including under california's "proposition 65," public statements and disclosures under securities laws, antitrust, advertising, consumer protection and wage and hour laws. plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts that are large and may be indeterminable for some period of time. we evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. we will establish a reserve as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies. we will base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost and any required actions arising out of actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations.
our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading.
we have programs of investment and upgrading in our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities. we may continue to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. additionally, we rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. if our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated, our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, or third parties fail to complete the construction or renovation of facilities or production equipment in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected.
due to the seasonality of many of our products and other factors, our operating results are subject to fluctuations.
historically, we have experienced increased consumer retail and e-commerce sales of the keurig brewing systems in the second half of the year due to the holiday season. if sales of keurig brewing systems during the holiday season do not meet expectations, sales of our k-cup pods throughout the year will be negatively impacted. the impact on sales volume and operating results due to the timing and extent of these factors can significantly impact our business. in addition, our operating results can be impacted by seasonal fluctuation. as a result, our quarterly operating results are subject to these same seasonality factors.
failure to comply with applicable transfer pricing and similar regulations could harm our business and financial results.
in many countries, including the u.s., we are subject to transfer pricing and other tax regulations designed to ensure that appropriate levels of income are reported as earned and are taxed accordingly.
although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with all applicable regulations and restrictions, we are subject to the risk that governmental authorities could audit our transfer pricing and related practices and assert that additional taxes are owed.
in the event that the audits or assessments are concluded adversely to our positions, we may or may not be able to offset or mitigate the consolidated effect of foreign income tax assessments through the use of u.s. foreign tax credits. because the laws and regulations governing u.s. foreign tax credits are complex and subject to periodic legislative amendment, we cannot be sure that we will in fact be able to take advantage of any foreign tax credits in the future.
risks relating to our capital structure jab, through its affiliate, is our largest stockholder and owns approximately 66% of the fully diluted shares of our common stock, and has the ability to exercise significant influence over decisions requiring our stockholders' approval.
we are controlled by jab, through its affiliate, maple holdings b.v., which owns approximately 66% of the fully diluted shares of our common stock, which gives them the ability to exercise significant influence over decisions requiring approval of our stockholders including the election of directors, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of us or our assets.
this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of us and may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. also, jab and its affiliates are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete with us. jab or its affiliates may also pursue acquisition opportunities that are complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us.
we meet the requirements to be a "controlled company" within the meaning of the rules of the nyse and, as a result, we qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance standards, which limit the presence of independent directors on our board of directors and board committees.
as discussed above, approximately 66% of the outstanding shares of our common stock are held by jab and its affiliates. as a result, we are a "controlled company" for purposes of section 303a of the nyse listed company manual and are exempt from certain governance requirements otherwise required by the nyse. under section 303a, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a "controlled company" and is exempt from certain corporate governance requirements, including requirements that (1) a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors, (2) compensation of officers be determined or recommended to the board of directors by a majority of its independent directors or by a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and (3) director nominees be selected or recommended for selection by a majority of the independent directors or by a nominating/corporate governance committee composed solely of independent directors. we continue to have an audit committee that is composed entirely of independent directors.
as a result of relying on the controlled company exemptions, the procedures for approving significant corporate decisions could be determined by directors who have a direct or indirect interest in such decisions, and our stockholders do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of other companies that are required to comply with all of the independence rules of the nyse.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this section of this annual report on form 10-k generally discusses the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 and year-over-year comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. discussions of the periods prior to the year ended december 31, 2018 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k are found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018.
this annual report on form 10-k contains the names of some of our owned or licensed trademarks, trade names and service marks, which we refer to as our brands. all of the product names included in this annual report on form 10-k are either our registered trademarks or those of our licensors.
dr pepper snapple group, inc. merger on january 29, 2018, dps entered into a merger agreement by and among dps, maple and merger sub, whereby merger sub would be merged with and into maple, with maple surviving the dps merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of dps. the dps merger was consummated on july 9, 2018, at which time dps changed its name to "keurig dr pepper inc.".
maple owns keurig, a leader in specialty coffee and innovative single serve brewing systems. the combined businesses created kdp, a new beverage company of scale with a portfolio of iconic consumer brands and expanded distribution capability to reach virtually every point-of-sale in north america.
see note 1 and note 3 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information related to the dps merger.
overview kdp is a leading beverage company in north america, with a diverse portfolio of flavored (non-cola) csds, ncbs, including water (enhanced and flavored), ready-to-drink tea and coffee, juice, juice drinks, mixers and specialty coffee, and is a leading producer of innovative single serve brewing systems. with a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, kdp key brands include keurig, dr pepper, canada dry, snapple, bai, mott's, core, green mountain and the original donut shop. kdp has some of the most recognized beverage brands in north america, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. kdp offers more than 125 owned, licensed, partner and allied brands, including the top ten best-selling coffee brands and dr pepper as a leading flavored csd in the u.s. according to iri, available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages.
kdp operates as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor. we believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our dsd system and our wd delivery system. kdp markets and sells its products to retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, pure-play e-commerce retailers, and office superstores; to restaurants, hotel chains, office product and coffee distributors, and partner brand owners; and directly to consumers through its websites. our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage.
uncertainties and trends affecting our business we believe the north american beverage market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. some of these items, such as increased health consciousness and changes in consumer preferences and economic factors, have previously created and may continue in the future to create category headwinds for a number of our products. refer to item 1a, risk factors, of this annual report on form 10-k for information about risks and uncertainties facing us.
we expect net sales growth for the year ending december 31, 2020 to accelerate to 3.0% to 4.0%, versus our merger target of 2.0% to 3.0%. this momentum is expected to be fueled by investments we are planning across the business, including in the areas of innovation, new partnerships, in-store execution, marketing and research and development.
adjusted diluted eps growth for the year ending december 31, 2020 is expected to be in the range of 13% to 15%, or $1.38 to $1.40 per diluted share, reflecting the opportunities we are pursuing and the investments it is planning to make to drive accelerated top-line growth. over the three-year period ending december 31, 2021, we continue to expect to deliver adjusted diluted eps growth in the range of 15% to 17%, in line with our merger target.
supporting this guidance are the following expectations:
•   merger synergies of $200 million for the year ending december 31, 2020, consistent with our long-term merger target for $200 million per year over the 2019-2021 period.
•   adjusted interest expense is expected to be in the range of $530 million to $545 million, reflecting ongoing deleveraging and some benefit from unwinding interest rate swap contracts.
•   the adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 24.5% to 25.0%.
•   diluted weighted average shares outstanding are estimated to be approximately 1,425 million.
•   management leverage ratio is expected to be in the range of 3.5x to 3.8x as of december 31, 2020.
seasonality the beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations. our cold beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months, while hot beverage sales are generally higher during the cooler months. overall beverage sales can also be influenced by the timing of holidays and weather fluctuations. sales of brewing systems and related accessories are generally higher during the second half of the year due to the holiday shopping season.
segments as of december 31, 2019, we report our business in four operating segments:
•   the coffee systems segment reflects sales in the u.s. and canada of the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to the company's single-serve brewing system, k-cup pods and other coffee products.
•   the packaged beverages segment reflects sales in the u.s. and canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished beverages and other products, including sales of the company's own brands and third-party brands, through our dsd and wd systems.
•   the beverage concentrates segment reflects sales of the company's branded concentrates and syrup to third-party bottlers, primarily in the u.s. and canada. most of the brands in this segment are csds.
•   the latin america beverages segment reflects sales in mexico, the caribbean, and other international markets from the manufacture and distribution of concentrates, syrup and finished beverages.
volume in evaluating our performance, we consider different volume measures depending on whether we sell beverage concentrates, finished beverages, pods or brewers.
coffee systems k-cup pod and appliance sales volume in our coffee systems segments, we measure our sales volume as the number of appliances and the number of individual k-cup pods sold to our customers.
packaged beverages and latin america beverages sales volume in our packaged beverages and latin america beverages segments, we measure volume as case sales to customers. a case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us.
beverage concentrates sales volume in our beverage concentrates segment, we measure our sales volume as concentrate case sales. the unit of measurement for concentrate case sales equals 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings.
concentrate case sales represent units of measurement for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. a concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage. it does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate. our net sales in our concentrate businesses are based on our sales of concentrate cases.
comparable results of operations as a result of the dps merger, in order for management to discuss our historical results on a comparable basis, we prepared unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information to illustrate the estimated effects of the dps merger, which was consummated on july 9, 2018, based on the historical results of operations of dps and maple. see supplemental unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information section at the end of management's discussion and analysis for further information on the assumptions used in the preparation of the financial information.
furthermore, management believes that there are certain non-gaap financial measures that allow management to evaluate our results, trends and ongoing performance on a comparable basis. in order to derive the adjusted financial information for the year ended december 31, 2019, we adjusted certain financial statement captions and metrics for certain items affecting comparability. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we adjusted certain financial statement captions and metrics prepared on a pro forma basis for certain items affecting comparability. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on the certain items affecting comparability used in the preparation of the financial information.
presentation of these adjusted financial statement captions and metrics in the tables below compare adjusted financial information for the year ended december 31, 2019 to adjusted pro forma financial information for the year ended december 31, 2018 to provide more meaningful comparisons between years as a result of the dps merger.
executive summary
2019 financial overview the following table details our net income and diluted eps for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
for the year ended december 31,             dollar          percent
(in millions, except per share data)                 2019                        2018             change           change net income attributable to kdp              $1,254                        $586                 $668           114.0     %
adjusted net income                          1,727                       1,458                  269            18.4     %
diluted eps                                   0.88                        0.53                 0.35            66.0     %
adjusted diluted eps                          1.22                        1.04                 0.18            17.3     %
net income attributable to kdp increased $668 million to $1,254 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $586 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily driven by the incremental impact in the current year of the dps merger completed in 2018, including the favorable comparison to the $158 million of transaction costs and the $131 million impact of the inventory step-up associated with the dps merger recorded in the year ended december 31, 2018. diluted eps increased 66.0% to $0.88 as compared to $0.53 in the prior year.
adjusted net income increased $269 million, or 18.4%, to $1,727 million, compared to adjusted pro forma net income of $1,458 million in the prior year. this change primarily reflected the growth in adjusted income from operations, lower adjusted interest expense, driven by deleveraging and the benefit of unwinding several interest rate swap contracts, and a lower effective tax rate due to the tcja. additionally, adjusted net income was impacted by the year ago comparison of the non-operating benefits of a cash distribution from bodyarmor in connection with our unit-holder interest and a gain on our prior equity interest in core as a result of the core acquisition and an increase in our share of losses from our investments in unconsolidated affiliates driven by bedford. adjusted diluted eps increased 17.3% to $1.22, as compared to adjusted pro form diluted eps of $1.04 in the prior year.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we made net repayments of approximately $1,286 million related to our senior notes, our term loans, and commercial paper notes. we additionally made repayments of approximately $531 million of structured payables.
27
results of operations our results of operations include the following periods, which reflect the results of operations of kdp for:
•   the year ended december 31, 2019, and
•   the year ended december 31, 2018, which also includes 176 days of the results of operations of dps subsequent to the dps merger, which was completed on july 9, 2018.
we eliminate from our financial results all intercompany transactions between entities included in our consolidated financial statements and the intercompany transactions with our investments in unconsolidated affiliates.
references in the financial tables to percentage changes that are not meaningful are denoted by "nm."
consolidated operations the following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
for the year ended december 31,               dollar            percentage
(in millions, except per share amounts)                                                                                   2019                        2018               change                change net sales                                                                                                       $11,120                      $7,442                 $3,678               49.4       %
cost of sales                                                                                                     4,778                       3,560                  1,218               34.2
gross profit                                                                                                      6,342                       3,882                  2,460               63.4
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                      3,962                       2,635                  1,327               50.4
other operating expense (income), net                                                                                 2                          10                     (8    )            nm income from operations                                                                                            2,378                       1,237                  1,141               92.2
interest expense                                                                                                    654                         401                    253               63.1
interest expense - related party                                                                                      -                          51                    (51    )        (100.0       )
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                                                 11                          13                     (2    )         (15.4       )
other expense (income), net                                                                                          19                         (19      )              38                 nm income before provision (benefit) for income taxes                                                                1,694                         791                    903              114.2
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                                                                440                         202                    238              117.8
net income                                                                                                        1,254                         589                    665              112.9
less: net income attributable to employee redeemable non-controlling interest and mezzanine equity awards             -                           3                     (3    )        (100.0       )
net income attributable to kdp                                                                                   $1,254                        $586                   $668              114.0       %
earnings per common share:
basic                                                                                                             $0.89                       $0.54
diluted                                                                                                            0.88                        0.53
gross margin                                                                                                       57.0      %                 52.2      %
operating margin                                                                                                   21.4      %                 16.6      %
effective tax rate                                                                                                 26.0      %                 25.5      %
net sales. net sales for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $3,678 million to $11,120 million compared with net sales of $7,442 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily driven by the incremental impact in the current year of the dps merger completed in 2018.
gross profit. gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $6,342 million, or 57.0% of net sales as compared to $3,882 million, or 52.2% of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2018. the primary driver of the change in gross profit was the incremental impact in the current year of the dps merger completed in 2018 including the favorable comparison to the $131 million impact of the inventory step-up associated with the dps merger in the third quarter of 2018.
selling, general and administrative expenses. sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased $1,327 million to $3,962 million compared with the year ended december 31, 2018. the primary driver of the increase in sg&a expenses was the incremental impact in the current year of the dps merger completed in 2018, including acquired operating costs, transaction costs and restructuring expenses associated with the integration of dps and maple.
28
other operating expense (income), net. other operating expense (income), net had a favorable change of $8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the year ended december 31, 2018. during 2019, the impairment of real estate and equipment was partially offset by a network optimization program gain of $30 million related to the asset sale-leaseback of three manufacturing facilities as compared to unfavorable fair value adjustments on real estate assets held for sale in 2018.
income from operations. income from operations increased $1,141 million to $2,378 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by the incremental impact in the current year of the dps merger completed in 2018, with the increase in gross profit, partially offset by an increase in sg&a expenses.
interest expense. interest expense increased $253 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily due to the full year impact of the increased borrowings and the assumption of existing senior unsecured notes as a result of the dps merger, as well as the impact of our interest rate derivative instruments, partially offset by the impact of net repayments to our 2019 notes, our term loans and our commercial paper notes.
interest expense - related party. interest expense - related party decreased $51 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 as a result of the capitalization of the related party term loans into additional paid-in capital during the dps merger completed in 2018.
loss on early extinguishment of debt. we recognized $11 million of loss on early extinguishment of debt during the year ended december 31, 2019, related to our prepayments on our term loans, compared to $13 million of loss on early extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2018 as we paid off the term loan a upon the consummation of the dps merger in 2018.
other expense (income), net. other expense (income), net had an unfavorable change of $38 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the year ended december 31, 2018, driven primarily by an increase in our share of losses from our investments in unconsolidated affiliates, driven by bedford, as well as the unfavorable comparison to the gain on a cash distribution from bodyarmor in the prior year.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 were 26.0% and 25.5%, respectively.
adjusted results of operations the following table sets forth certain consolidated adjusted results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
for the year ended december 31,             dollar              percentage
(in millions, except per share amounts)                 2019                        2018             change                  change adjusted net sales                            $11,120                     $11,024                  $96                  0.9   %
adjusted income from operations                 2,890                       2,620                  270                 10.3
adjusted interest expense                         553                         635                  (82    )           (12.9   )
adjusted provision for income taxes               591                         524                   67                 12.8
adjusted operating margin                        26.0      %                 23.8      %                            220 bps adjusted effective tax rate                      25.5      %                 26.4      %                           (90 bps)
adjusted net sales. adjusted net sales increased $96 million, or 0.9%, to $11,120 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to adjusted pro forma net sales of $11,024 million in the prior year. this performance reflected strong underlying net sales growth of 3.2%, driven by higher volume/mix of 2.6% and net price realization of 0.6%, which was partially offset by the expected unfavorable impact related to changes in our allied brands portfolio of 2.1%. unfavorable foreign currency translation also impacted the year by 0.2%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $270 million, or 10.3%, to $2,890 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to adjusted pro forma income from operations of $2,620 million in the prior year. this performance primarily reflected the strong productivity and merger synergies, both of which benefitted sg&a and cost of sales, and growth in underlying net sales, partially offset by inflation in input costs, led by packaging, and logistics and the comparison to a $22 million gain from the remeasurement of our equity investment in big red. unfavorable foreign currency translation also impacted the year by 0.2%. adjusted operating margin grew 220 bps to 26.0% in the year ended december 31, 2019.
adjusted interest expense.adjusted interest expense decreased $82 million, or 12.9%, to $553 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to adjusted pro forma interest expense of $635 million in the prior year. this change primarily reflected the benefits of lower indebtedness due to continued deleveraging, realized gains associated with the termination of certain interest rate swaps and the benefit of lower interest rates as a result of our existing interest rate swaps.
29
adjusted effective tax rate. the adjusted effective tax rate decreased 90 bps to 25.5% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to adjusted pro forma effective tax rate of 26.4% in the prior year. this decrease in our adjusted effective tax rate was primarily due to a reduction in the u.s. federal tax rate from 24.5% to 21.0%, partially offset by the loss of tax benefits associated with the u.s. domestic manufacturing deduction in 2019.
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and income from operations for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
(in millions)                                             for the year ended december 31, segment results - net sales                              2019                        2018
coffee systems                                  $4,233                      $4,114
packaged beverages                               4,945                       2,415
beverage concentrates                            1,414                         669
latin america beverages                            528                         244
net sales                                      $11,120                      $7,442
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                            2019                        2018
segment results - income from operations coffee systems                                  $1,219                      $1,163
packaged beverages                                 757                         257
beverage concentrates                              955                         430
latin america beverages                             85                          29
unallocated corporate costs                       (638      )                 (642      )
income from operations                          $2,378                      $1,237
coffee systems the following table provides certain results of operations for our coffee systems segment for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
for the year ended december 31,             dollar           percentage
(in millions)                                   2019                        2018             change               change net sales                              $4,233                      $4,114                 $119               2.9   %
income from operations                  1,219                       1,163                   56               4.8   %
operating margin                         28.8      %                 28.3      %                          50 bps adjusted net sales                      4,233                       4,118                  115               2.8   %
adjusted income from operations         1,403                       1,327                   76               5.7   %
adjusted operating margin                33.1      %                 32.2      %                          90 bps sales volume. the coffee systems segment recorded strong volume growth reflecting a 9.0% increase in k-cup pod volume and an 8.2% increase in brewer volume in the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year.
net sales. net sales increased $119 million, or 2.9%, to $4,233 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $4,114 million in the prior year due to volume/mix growth of 6.1%, which was driven by strong sales volume growth partially offset by unfavorable pod sales mix. this growth was partially offset by lower net price realization of 2.8%. unfavorable foreign currency translation also impacted the year by 0.4%.
adjusted net sales. adjusted net sales increased $115 million, or 2.8%, to $4,233 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $4,118 million in the prior year due to volume/mix growth of 6.1%, which was driven by strong sales volume growth partially offset by unfavorable pod sales mix. this growth was partially offset by lower net price realization of 2.9%. unfavorable foreign currency translation also impacted the year by 0.4%.
30
income from operations.  income from operations was $1,219 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $1,163 million in the prior year, driven by the benefits of pod volume growth and strong productivity and merger synergies which were partially offset by lower net price realization, unfavorable pod mix, inflation in input costs, led by packaging, as well as logistics and people costs, expenses associated with productivity projects, and increased marketing investments. operating margin grew 50 bps to 28.8%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $76 million, or 5.7%, to $1,403 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared with adjusted pro forma income from operations of $1,327 million in the prior year, primarily reflecting strong productivity and merger synergies and strong volume/mix growth, partially offset by lower net price realization, inflation in input costs, led by packaging, as well as logistics and people costs, and increased marketing investments. adjusted operating margin grew 90 bps to 33.1%.
packaged beverages the following table provides certain results of operations for our packaged beverages segment for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
for the year ended december 31,               dollar        percentage
(in millions)                                   2019                        2018               change        change net sales                              $4,945                      $2,415                 $2,530             nm income from operations                    757                         257                    500             nm operating margin                         15.3      %                 10.6      %                             470 bps adjusted net sales                      4,945                       5,069                   (124    )        (2.4      )%
adjusted income from operations           783                         691                     92                13.3   %
adjusted operating margin                15.8      %                 13.6      %                             220 bps sales volume. sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased significantly primarily driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year.
adjusted sales volume. adjusted sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2019 declined 2.9% due to the net unfavorable impact of changes in our allied brands portfolio and lower csd volume, partially offset by the growth of core hydration and contract manufacturing.
net sales. net sales increased $2,530 million to $4,945 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $2,415 million in the prior year, driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year.
adjusted net sales. adjusted net sales decreased $124 million, or 2.4%, to $4,945 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to $5,069 million in the prior year, reflecting underlying net sales growth of 2.3%, driven by higher net price realization of 1.8% from pricing actions taken late in 2018 and higher volume/mix of 0.5%. more than offsetting the underlying net sales growth was the expected unfavorable impact from changes in the allied brands portfolio totaling 4.7%.
income from operations.  income from operations was $757 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $257 million in the prior year, driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year, the favorable comparison to the $105 million impact of the inventory step-up associated with the dps merger in the prior year, and strong productivity and merger savings.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $92 million, or 13.3%, to $783 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to adjusted pro forma income from operations of $691 million in the prior year. this performance primarily reflected strong productivity and merger synergies, the incremental margin from core and big red in their first year as owned brands, a network optimization program gain of $30 million related to the asset sale-leaseback of three manufacturing facilities and the growth in underlying net sales. partially offsetting these growth drivers were inflation in input costs and logistics and the comparison to a $22 million gain from the remeasurement of our equity investment in big red. adjusted operating margin grew 220 bps to 15.8%.
31
beverage concentrates the following table provides certain results of operations for our beverage concentrates segment for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
for the year ended december 31,             dollar        percentage
(in millions)                                   2019                        2018             change        change net sales                              $1,414                        $669                 $745             nm income from operations                    955                         430                  525             nm operating margin                         67.5      %                 64.3      %                           320 bps adjusted net sales                      1,414                       1,331                   83                 6.2   %
adjusted income from operations           957                         861                   96                11.1   %
adjusted operating margin                67.7      %                 64.7      %                           300 bps sales volume. sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased significantly primarily driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year.
adjusted sales volume. adjusted sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased 0.2% driven by dr pepper, canada dry and big red, partially offset by crush, 7up and schweppes.
net sales. net sales increased $745 million to $1,414 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $669 million in the prior year, driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year.
adjusted net sales. adjusted net sales increased $83 million, or 6.2%, to $1,414 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to adjusted pro forma net sales of $1,331 million in the prior year, driven by higher net price realization of 5.3% and higher volume/mix of 1.1%. unfavorable foreign currency translation also impacted the period by 0.2%.
income from operations.  income from operations was $955 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $430 million in the prior year, driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year and the favorable comparison to the $17 million impact of the inventory step-up associated with the dps merger in the prior year.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $96 million, or 11.1%, to $957 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with adjusted pro forma income from operations of $861 million in the prior year. this performance primarily reflected the growth in adjusted net sales as well as productivity and merger synergies. partially offsetting these growth drivers were inflation in input costs and logistics. adjusted operating margin grew 300 bps versus the year ago period to 67.7%.
latin america beverages the following table provides certain results of operations for our latin america beverages segment for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
for the year ended december 31,            dollar       percentage
(in millions)                                   2019                        2018            change       change net sales                                $528                        $244                $284            nm income from operations                     85                          29                  56            nm operating margin                         16.1      %                 11.9      %                         420 bps adjusted net sales                        528                         506                  22                 4.3   %
adjusted income from operations                                                            (1    )       (1.2       )%
adjusted operating margin                15.5      %                 16.4      %                         (90 bps)
sales volume. sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2019 increased significantly primarily driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year.
adjusted sales volume. adjusted sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2019 declined 3.7%, as aguafiel decreased 4.3% primarily due to the exit of our low margin bulk water business, partially offset by a 0.6% increase in the balance of the portfolio.
net sales. net sales increased $284 million to $528 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $244 million in the prior year, driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year.
adjusted net sales. adjusted net sales increased $22 million, or 4.3%, to $528 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to adjusted pro forma net sales of $506 million in the prior year, driven by higher net price realization of 4.5%. unfavorable foreign currency translation also impacted the period by 0.2%.
income from operations.  income from operations was $85 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $29 million in the prior year, driven by the incremental impact in the current year from the dps merger in the prior year including the favorable comparison to the $9 million impact of the inventory step-up associated with the dps merger in the prior year and productivity savings.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations decreased $1 million, or 1.2%, to $82 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to adjusted pro forma income from operations of $83 million in the prior year. this performance reflected net sales growth and productivity savings, partially offset by inflation in input costs, energy and logistics, higher general and administrative expenses and unfavorable foreign currency transaction. additionally, the change reflected the unfavorable comparison to a $6 million benefit related to a previous reimbursement by a resin supplier in the prior year. adjusted operating margin declined 90 bps from the prior year to 15.5%.
liquidity and capital resources trends and uncertainties affecting liquidity customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by all risk factors discussed in item 1a, "risk factors" that could have a material effect on production, delivery and consumption of our products in the u.s., mexico and the caribbean or canada, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.
we believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity:
•   our intention to drive significant cash flow generation to enable rapid deleveraging within two to three years from the dps merger;
•   our ability to issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $2,400 million;
•   our ability to access our other financing arrangements, including the kdp revolver and 364-day credit agreement, which have availability of $3,150 million as of december 31, 2019;
•   our continued optimization of our operations;
•   a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could impact our accounts payable program and may reduce flexibility of our business to engage in certain transactions, such as the execution and renewal of certain leases;
•   our continued capital expenditures;
•   our continued payment of dividends;
•   seasonality of our operating cash flows, which could impact short-term liquidity;
•   fluctuations in our tax obligations;
•   future equity investments; and
•   future mergers or acquisitions of brand ownership companies, regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage.
financing arrangements refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for management's discussion of financing arrangements.
libor considerations in 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that libor will no longer be published after 2021. in the u.s., the alternative reference rates committee selected the secured overnight financing rate as the preferred alternative reference rate to libor.
we have a number of financing arrangements which incorporate libor as a benchmark rate and which extend past 2021, including the 2019 kdp term loan agreement and the kdp revolver. the agreements related to such financing arrangements contain provisions for alternative reference rates, and we do not expect a significant change to our cost of debt as a result of the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate.
liquidity based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary.
the following table summarizes our cash activity for the periods:
year ended december 31,            three months ended december 31,            fiscal year ended september 30,
(in millions)                                                    2019   2018                    2017                                                                           2017
net cash provided by operating activities                $2,474                  $1,613                                $385                                     $1,749
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities        (150     )           (19,131     )                           (18            )                           180
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities      (2,364     )            17,577                                (620            )                        (2,026            )
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $861 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to year ended december 31, 2018, primarily due to additional cash flows from operations generated as a result of the dps merger. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was driven by the increase in net income adjusted for non-cash items and the improvement in working capital primarily driven by extended payment terms with our suppliers, partially offset by the payment and deferral of customer incentives.
as of december 31, 2019, the company deferred estimated tax payments of $59 million, which were paid in january 2020, as compared to no deferral of estimated tax payments as of december 31, 2018.
cash conversion cycle our cash conversion cycle is defined as dio and dso less dpo. the calculation of each component of the cash conversion cycle is provided below:
component   calculation (on a trailing twelve month basis)
dio         (average inventory divided by cost of sales) * number of days in the period dso         (accounts receivable divided by net sales) * number of days in the period dpo         (accounts payable * number of days in the period) divided by cost of sales and sg&amp;a expenses our cash conversion cycle increased 1 day to approximately (46) days as of december 31, 2019 as compared to (47) days as of december 31, 2018. the following table summarizes our cash conversion cycle:
december 31,
2019            2018
dio                          52              52
dso                          35              37
dpo                         133             136
cash conversion cycle       (46   )         (47   )
in future periods, dpo is expected to have a positive impact on our cash conversion cycle as a result of our supplier terms initiative, which has set our customary terms as we integrate our legacy businesses.
accounts payable program as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. we also entered into an agreement with a third party administrator to allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us, and if voluntarily elected by the supplier, sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. suppliers can sell one or more of our payment obligations at their sole discretion and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, $2,097 million and $1,438 million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations were voluntarily elected by the supplier and sold to financial institutions. the amounts settled through the program and paid to the financial institutions were $1,745 million and $1,477 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
net cash used in investing activities cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily driven by our purchases of property, plant and equipment of $330 million partially offset by proceeds of $247 million from sales of property, plant and equipment, primarily driven by our asset sale-leaseback transactions. other drivers of cash used investing activities included $35 million for purchases of intangible assets, primarily the reacquisition of distribution rights, and advances of $32 million to bedford under its line of credit with us.
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2018 consisted primarily of our business acquisitions of the dps merger, the big red acquisition and the core acquisition of $19,114 million, net of cash acquired of $169 million, and purchases of property, plant and equipment of $180 million.
net cash used in (provided by) financing activities cash used in financing activities for year ended december 31, 2019 consisted primarily of the voluntary and mandatory repayments on the 2018 kdp term loan and 2019 kdp term loan of $1,203 million, dividend payments of $844 million, repayments of structured payables of $531 million and the repayment of the 2019 notes of $250 million. these cash outflows from financing activities were partially offset by net issuance of commercial paper notes of $167 million and proceeds from structured payables of $330 million.
net cash provided by financing activities for year ended december 31, 2018 consisted primarily of proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $9,000 million, issuance of unsecured notes of $8,000 million, proceeds from the 2018 kdp term loan of $2,700 million and net issuance of commercial paper notes of $1,080 million. these cash inflows from financing activities were partially offset by repayments on the 2018 kdp term loan of $3,447 million. these activities were used to accommodate the dps merger and reflect subsequent repayments since the dps merger.
debt ratings as of december 31, 2019, our credit ratings were as follows:
rating agency   long-term debt rating   commercial paper rating   outlook    date of last change moody's         baa2                    p-2                       negative   may 11, 2018
s&amp;p         bbb                     a-2                       stable     may 14, 2018
these debt and commercial paper ratings impact the interest we pay on our financing arrangements. a downgrade of one or both of our debt and commercial paper ratings could increase our interest expense and decrease the cash available to fund anticipated obligations.
capital expenditures capital expenditures were $330 million and $180 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily related to manufacturing equipment, our continued investment in the construction of our new spartanburg facility in south carolina and information technology infrastructure.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2018 were primarily related to machinery and equipment, information technology infrastructure, logistics equipment and replacement of existing cold drink equipment.
cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents decreased $28 million to $111 million as of december 31, 2019 compared to $139 million as of december 31, 2018.
our cash balances are used to fund working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, capital expenditures, income tax obligations, dividend payments and business combinations. cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the u.s. periodically as working capital funding requirements in those jurisdictions allow. foreign cash balances were $70 million and $59 million as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively. we accrue tax costs for repatriation, as applicable, as cash is generated in those foreign jurisdictions.
contractual commitments and obligations we enter into various contractual obligations that impact, or could impact, our liquidity. based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our proceeds from operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary.
the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and contingencies as of december 31, 2019:
payments due in year
(in millions)                      total                2020                2021              2022                2023              2024            after 2024
long-term obligations(1)     $13,355                $350              $2,350              $350              $3,580                $-              $6,725
interest payments              4,731                 508                 472               425                 353               294               2,679
finance leases(2)                335                  55                  46                41                  37                34                 122
operating leases(3)              627                  77                  74                63                  55                52                 306
purchase obligations(4)        1,683               1,194                 125               105                  91                83                  85
total                        $20,731              $2,184              $3,067              $984              $4,116              $463              $9,917
(1)   amounts represent payments for the senior unsecured notes issued by us and the term loan credit agreement. please refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2)   amounts represent our contractual payment obligations for our lease arrangements classified as finance leases. these amounts exclude renewal options, which were not yet executed but were included in the lease term to determine finance lease obligation as the lease imposes a penalty on us in such amount that the renewal appeared reasonably assured at lease inception. refer to note 4 for additional information.
(3)   amounts represent minimum rental commitments under our non-cancelable operating leases. refer to note 4 for additional information
(4)   amounts represent payments under agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including capital obligations and long-term contractual obligations.
amounts excluded from our table as of december 31, 2019, we had $56 million of non-current unrecognized tax benefits, related interest and penalties classified as a long-term liability. the table above does not reflect any payments related to these amounts as it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the amount or timing of the payment. refer to note 7 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
the total accrued benefit liability representing the underfunded position for pension recognized as of december 31, 2019 was approximately $22 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan assumptions and the investment return on plan assets. we did not include estimated payments related to our total accrued benefit liability in the table above.the pension protection act of 2006 was enacted in august 2006 and established, among other things, new standards for funding of u.s. defined benefit pension plans. we generally expect to fund all future contributions with cash flows from operating activities. our international pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and income tax regulations. we did not include our estimated contributions to our various single employer plans in the table above.
we have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and the corresponding liability related to the plan is recorded in other non-current liabilities. we did not include estimated payments related to the deferred compensation liability as the timing and payment of these amounts are determined by the participants and outside our control.
in general, we are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims. our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs are estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claim history. as of december 31, 2019, our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs totaled approximately $105 million.
36
critical accounting estimates the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. these estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. we have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. see note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                effect if actual results differ from assumptions goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we conduct tests for impairment annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. if the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. for purposes of impairment testing we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination and also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units. we define our six reporting units (in italics below) as the following:                       for our detailed impairment analysis, we used an income based approach to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and our enterprise value. these types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. these assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.                            the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets as of december 31, 2019, were $20,172 million and $22,565 million, respectively.
packaged beverages- dsd- wdcoffee systems- us- canadabeverage concentrates latin america beverages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      critical assumptions for quantitative analyses include revenue growth and profit performance, including the achievability of synergies, over the next six year period, as well as an appropriate discount rate, long term growth rate and royalty rates, as applicable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    we have not identified any impairments in goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets during the periods presented.
for both goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of either the reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset is not "more likely than not" less than its carrying value ("step 0").                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. for 2019, such discount rates ranged from 7.25% to 13.00%.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            for goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2019 would not change our conclusion.
if a quantitative analysis is required, the following would be required:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                long term growth rates are based on the long-term inflation forecast, industry growth and the long-term economic growth potential. for 2019, the long term growth rates ranged from 0.0% to 2.5%.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          for the indefinite-lived brands, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our brands as of october 1, 2019 would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of our brands as follows (in millions):
- the impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           royalty rates are based on observable market participant information. for 2019, such royalty rate used in the impairment analysis of trade names ranged from 7.5% to 10.0%.
- the impairment tests for goodwill include comparing a fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges.
fair value                                                                                                                                                                                              carrying value headroom percentage                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        result                                                                                              +0.50%                                                                                              result                                                                                              +0.50%
potential impairment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $-                                                                                                  $1,100                                                                                              $-                                                                                                  $1,110
0 - 25%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    7,251                                                                                               10,522                                                                                              6,356                                                                                               9,253
26 - 50%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   17,303                                                                                              11,412                                                                                              12,319                                                                                              8,532
in excess of 50%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1,988                                                                                               1,554                                                                                               1,188                                                                      968
$26,542                                                                                             $24,588                                                                                             $19,863                                                                                             $19,863
for the indefinite-lived trade names, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our trade names as of october 1, 2019 would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of our trade names as follows (in millions):
fair value                                                                                                                                                                                              carrying value headroom percentage                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        result                                                                                              +0.50%                                                                                              result                                                                                              +0.50%
0 - 25%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $-                                                                                                  $-                                                                                                  $-                                                                                                  $-
26 - 50%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   -                                                                                                   -                                                                                                   -                                                                                                   -
in excess of 50%                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           6,650                                                                                               6,110                                                                                               2,479                                                                                               2,479
$6,650                                                                                              $6,110                                                                                              $2,479                                                                                              $2,479
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              effect if actual results differ from assumptions revenue recognition we recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     our customer incentives, sales returns and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding our contractual terms in order to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. our estimates are based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experiences. differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized to earnings in the period differences are determined.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              a 10% change in the accrual for our customer incentives, sales returns and marketing programs as of december 31, 2019, would have affected our income from operations by $36 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
accruals for customer incentives, sales returns and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics and/or historical trends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            further judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense, which is a component of our sg&amp;a expenses.
income taxes we establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained , but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken.             our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. as these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions.
we assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets. valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    we base our judgment of the recoverability of our deferred tax assets primarily on historical earnings, our estimate of current and expected future earnings and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.
if results differ from our assumptions, a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets may be increased or decreased which would impact our effective tax rate.
business combinations we record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.                                                                                                                                                                the application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized from goodwill. the fair value assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management's estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. significant assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset, if applicable.   if the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the financial statements may be exposed to potential impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, as discussed in the goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets critical accounting estimate section.
off-balance sheet arrangements we currently participate in three multi-employer pension plans. in the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, the plan will ultimately assess us a withdrawal liability for exiting the plan, and u.s. gaap would require us to record the withdrawal charge as an expense in our consolidated statements of income and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets once the multi-employer pension withdrawal charge is probable and estimable. refer to note 8 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our multi-employer pension plans.
there are no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources other than letters of credit outstanding. refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding outstanding letters of credit.
effect of recent accounting pronouncements refer to note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and recently adopted provisions of u.s. gaap.
supplemental unaudited pro forma combined financial information and non-gaap financial measures supplemental unaudited pro forma combined financial information the following unaudited pro forma combined financial information is presented to illustrate the estimated effects of the dps merger, which was consummated on july 9, 2018, for the year ended december 31, 2018 based on the historical results of operations of dps and maple. see notes 1 and 3 of our notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the dps merger.
the following unaudited pro forma combined statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2018 are based on the historical financial statements of dps and maple after giving effect to the dps merger, related equity investments, and the assumptions and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to these unaudited pro forma combined statements of income. the kdp (maple) statement of income information for the year ended december 31, 2018 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
the unaudited pro forma combined statements of income set forth below primarily give effect to the following assumptions and adjustments:
•   application of the acquisition method of accounting;
•   the issuance of maple common stock to jab in connection with the equity investments;
•   the conversion of maple parent corporation into kdp shares in accordance with the merger agreement;
•   the pre-closing maple share conversion;
•   the exchange of one share of kdp common stock for each share of dps common stock;
•   the change in year-end for maple; and
•   the alignment of accounting policies.
the unaudited pro forma combined financial information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination be recognized at their fair values as of the completion of the acquisition. we utilized estimated fair values at the merger date for the preliminary allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
the unaudited pro forma combined financial information has been prepared and presented in a form consistent with sec regulation s-x article 11 and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been realized had the transactions been completed as of the dates indicated, nor are they meant to be indicative of our anticipated combined future results. in addition, the accompanying unaudited pro forma combined statements of income do not reflect any anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies, cost savings or any integration costs that may result from the dps merger.
the historical consolidated financial information has been adjusted in the accompanying unaudited pro forma combined statements of income to give effect to unaudited pro forma events that are (1) directly attributable to the dps merger, (2) factually supportable and (3) are expected to have a continuing impact on the results of operations of kdp. as a result, under sec regulation s-x article 11, certain expenses such as transaction costs and costs associated with the impact of the step-up of inventory related to the dps merger are eliminated from pro forma results in all periods presented. in contrast, under the u.s. gaap presentation in note 3, acquisitions and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, these expenses are required to be included in prior year pro forma results. see note 3 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the unaudited pro forma combined financial information, including the related notes, should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes of dps, and with our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
keurig dr pepper inc.
pro forma condensed combined statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2018
(unaudited)
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                        reported kdp(1)            dps january 1 - july 8, 2018(2)             pro forma adjustments(3)             pro forma combined net sales                                                                                                    $7,442                                $3,605                                   $(27          )               $11,020
cost of sales                                                                                                 3,560                                 1,529                                   (156          )                 4,933
gross profit                                                                                                  3,882                                 2,076                                    129                            6,087
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                  2,635                                 1,639                                   (361          )                 3,913
other operating expense (income), net                                                                            10                                   (14            )                         2                               (2        )
income from operations                                                                                        1,237                                   451                                    488                            2,176
interest expense                                                                                                401                                    88                                    182                              671
interest expense - related party                                                                                 51                                     -                                    (51          )                     -
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                                             13                                     -                                      -                               13
other expense (income), net                                                                                     (19       )                             5                                     14                                -
income before provision for income taxes                                                                        791                                   358                                    343                            1,492
provision for income taxes                                                                                      202                                    82                                    109                              393
net income                                                                                                      589                                   276                                    234                            1,099
net income attributable to employee redeemable non-controlling interest and mezzanine equity awards               3                                     -                                     (3          )                     -
net income attributable to kdp                                                                                 $586                                  $276                                   $237                           $1,099
earnings per common share:
basic                                                                                                         $0.54                                                                                                         $0.79
diluted                                                                                                        0.53                                                                                                          0.78
weighted average common shares outstanding:
basic                                                                                                       1,086.3                                                                        303.5                          1,389.8
diluted                                                                                                     1,097.6                                                                        303.5                          1,401.1
(1)   refer to the statements of income, which includes dps activity subsequent to the merger date.
(2)   refers to dps activity during the year ended december 31, 2018 prior to the merger date.
(3)   refer to summary of pro forma adjustments.
41
keurig dr pepper inc.
reconciliation of pro forma segment information
(unaudited)
(in millions)                                reported kdp(1)            dps january 1 - july 8, 2018(2)       pro forma adjustments(3)                   pro forma combined for the year ended december 31, 2018
net sales coffee systems                                $4,114                                    $-                    $-                                            $4,114
packaged beverages                             2,415                                 2,654                    -                                              5,069
beverage concentrates                            669                                   689                    (27                   )                        1,331
latin america beverages                          244                                   262                    -                                                506
total net sales                               $7,442                                $3,605                    $(27                  )                      $11,020
income from operations coffee systems                                $1,163                                    $-                    $(2                   )                       $1,161
packaged beverages                               257                                   299                                    124                              680
beverage concentrates                            430                                   436                    (10                   )                          856
latin america beverages                           29                                    42                                      9                               80
unallocated corporate                           (642       )                          (326            )                       367                             (601        )
total income from operations                  $1,237                                  $451                    $488                                          $2,176
(1)   refer to the statements of income, which includes dps activity subsequent to the merger date.
(2)   refers to dps activity during the year ended december 31, 2018 prior to the merger date.
(3)   refer to summary of pro forma adjustments.
summary of pro forma adjustments pro forma adjustments included in the pro forma combined statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2018 are as follows:
a.   a decrease in net sales to remove the historical deferred revenue associated with dps' arrangements with pepsico and coca-cola, which were eliminated in the fair value adjustments for dps as part of purchase price accounting.
b.   an increase in net sales to remove the historical amortization of certain capitalized upfront customer incentive program payments. these were eliminated in the fair value adjustments for dps as these upfront payments were revalued within the customer relationship intangible assets recorded in purchase price accounting.
c.   adjustment to remove the impact of the step-up of inventory recorded in purchase price accounting.
d.   adjustments to sg&amp;a expenses due to changes in amortization as a result of the fair value adjustments for dps' intangible assets with definite lives as part of purchase price accounting.
e.   adjustments to sg&amp;a expenses due to changes in depreciation as a result of the fair value adjustments for dps' property, plant and equipment as part of purchase price accounting.
f.   a decrease to sg&amp;a expenses for both dps and maple to remove non-recurring transaction costs as a result of the dps merger.
g.   removal of the interest expense - related party caption for maple, as the related party debt was capitalized into additional paid-in capital immediately prior to the dps merger.
h.   adjustments to interest expense to remove the historical amortization of deferred debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums and to record incremental amortization as a result of the fair value adjustments for dps' senior unsecured notes as part of purchase price accounting.
i.   adjustments to interest expense to record incremental interest expense and amortization of deferred debt issuance costs for borrowings related to the dps merger.
j.   removal of the net income attributable to employee redeemable nci and mezzanine equity awards caption as the maple non-controlling interest was eliminated to reflect the capital structure of kdp.
non-gaap financial measures to supplement the consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with u.s. gaap, we have presented in this report selected unaudited pro forma combined financial information for the year ended december 31, 2018. we also present (i) adjusted pro forma net sales, (ii) adjusted pro forma income from operations, (iii) adjusted pro forma net income and (iv) adjusted pro forma diluted eps, which are considered non-gaap financial measures. this pro forma financial information and non-gaap financial measures provided should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, results prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the non-gaap financial measures presented may differ from similarly titled non-gaap financial measures presented by other companies, and other companies may not define these non-gaap financial measures in the same way. the adjusted measures are not substitutes for their comparable u.s. gaap financial measures, such as net sales, income from operations, net income, diluted eps, or other measures prescribed by u.s. gaap, and there are limitations to using non-gaap financial measures.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, we define our adjusted non-gaap financial measures as certain financial statement captions and metrics adjusted for certain items affecting comparability, while for the year ended december 31, 2018, we define our adjusted non-gaap financial measures as certain pro forma financial statement captions and metrics adjusted for certain items affecting comparability. the items affecting comparability are defined below.
items affecting comparability: defined as certain items that are excluded for comparison to prior year periods, adjusted for the tax impact as applicable. tax impact is determined based upon an approximate rate for each item. for each period, management adjusts for (i) the unrealized mark-to-market impact of derivative instruments not designated as hedges in accordance with u.s. gaap and do not have an offsetting risk reflected within the financial results; (ii) the amortization associated with definite-lived intangible assets; (iii) the amortization of the deferred financing costs associated with the dps merger and the keurig acquisition; (iv) the amortization of the fair value adjustment of the senior unsecured notes obtained as a result of the dps merger; (v) stock compensation expense attributable to the matching awards made to employees who made an initial investment in the eop or the keurig dr pepper omnibus incentive plan of 2009; and (vi) other certain items that are excluded for comparison purposes to prior year periods.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, the other certain items excluded for comparison purposes include (i) restructuring and integration expenses related to the dps merger and the keurig acquisition; (ii) productivity expenses; (iii) transaction costs for significant business combinations (completed or abandoned) excluding the dps merger; (iv) provision for legal settlements; (v) the impact of the step-up of acquired inventory not associated with the dps merger (vi) the loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of debt and (vii) the loss related to the february 2019 organized malware attack on our business operation networks in the coffee systems segment, as discussed in our 2018 annual report on form 10-k.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, the other certain items excluded for comparison purposes include (i) restructuring and integration expenses related to the dps merger and the keurig acquisition; (ii) productivity expenses; (iii) provisions for legal settlements; (iv) the loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of debt; and (v) tax reform associated with the tcja.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, the supplemental financial data set forth below includes reconciliations of adjusted net sales, adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps to the applicable financial measure presented in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statement for the same period. for the year ended december 31, 2018, the supplemental financial data set forth below includes reconciliations of adjusted pro forma net sales, adjusted pro forma income from operations, adjusted pro forma net income and adjusted pro forma diluted eps to the applicable financial measure presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements for the same period. for a reconciliation of the applicable financial measure presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statement for the year ended december 31, 2018 to the applicable historical financial measure presented in accordance with u.s. gaap, please see "supplemental unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information" above.
keurig dr pepper inc.
reconciliation of certain reported items to certain non-gaap adjusted items for the year ended december 31, 2019
(unaudited, in millions, except per share data)
cost of sales            gross profit           gross margin          selling, general and administrative expenses   other operating expense (income), net                 income from operations           operating margin reported                                   $4,778                  $6,342                 57.0        %                               $3,962                    $2                                                          $2,378                      21.4          %
items affecting comparability:
mark to market                                 35                     (35      )                          10                                                    -                                                              (45         )
amortization of intangibles                     -                       -                                                               (126                )   -                                                              126
stock compensation                              -                       -                                                                (24                )   -                                                               24
restructuring and integration costs            (1      )                1                                                               (216                )   (25                           )                                242
productivity                                  (15      )               15                                                                (60                )   (22                           )                                 97
transaction costs                               -                       -                                                                 (9                )   -                                                                9
inventory step-up                              (3      )                3                                                                  -                    -                                                                3
provision for legal settlements                 -                       -                                                                (48                )   -                                                               48
malware incident                               (2      )                2                                                                 (6                )   -                                                                8
adjusted gaap                              $4,792                  $6,328                 57.0        %                               $3,483                    $(45                          )                             $2,890                      26.0          %
interest expense        loss on early extinguishment of debt                  income before provision for income taxes          provision for income taxes           effective tax rate            net income   weighted average diluted shares           diluted earnings per share reported                                     $654                    $11                                                                     $1,694                                     $440                        26.0           %          $1,254                                 1,419.1                     $0.88
items affecting comparability:
mark to market                               (47             )       -                                                                                                                    (1          )                                                                                                              -
amortization of intangibles                  -                       -                                                                          126                                       34                                                      92                                                              0.06
amortization of deferred financing costs     (13             )       -                                                                           13                                        4                                                       9                                                              0.01
amortization of fair value debt adjustment   (26             )       -                                                                           26                                        6                                                      20                                                              0.01
stock compensation                           -                       -                                                                           24                                        6                                                      18                                                              0.01
restructuring and integration costs          1                       -                                                                          241                                       55                                                     186                                                              0.13
productivity                                 -                       -                                                                           97                                       24                                                      73                                                              0.05
transaction costs                            (16             )       -                                                                           25                                        7                                                      18                                                              0.01
loss on early extinguishment of debt         -                       (11                           )                                             11                                        2                                                       9                                                              0.01
inventory step-up                            -                       -                                                                            3                                                                                                                                                                  -
provision for legal settlements              -                       -                                                                           48                                       11                                                      37                                                              0.02
malware incident                             -                       -                                                                            8                                        2                                                       6                                                                 -
adjusted gaap                                $553                    $-                                                                      $2,318                                     $591                        25.5           %          $1,727                                 1,419.1                     $1.22
diluted eps may not foot due to rounding.
45
keurig dr pepper inc.
reconciliation of certain reported items to certain non-gaap adjusted items for the year ended december 31, 2018
(unaudited, in millions, except per share data)
net sales              cost of sales            gross profit           gross margin       selling, general and administrative expenses   other operating expense (income), net                 income from operations           operating margin pro forma                             $11,020                $4,933                  $6,087                 55.2        %                            $3,913                    $(2                           )                             $2,176                      19.7          %
items affecting comparability:
mark to market                        -                         (53      )               53                                                             (19                )   -                                                               72
amortization of intangibles           -                           -                       -                                                            (121                )   -                                                              121
stock compensation                    -                           -                       -                                                             (21                )   -                                                               21
restructuring and integration costs   -                          (2      )                2                                                            (160                )   (8                            )                                170
productivity                          -                         (12      )               12                                                             (14                )   (6                            )                                 32
transaction costs                     -                           -                       -                                                              (4                )   -                                                                4
provision for legal settlements       4                           -                       4                                                             (18                )   -                                                               22
inventory step-up                     -                          (2      )                2                                                               -                    -                                                                2
adjusted pro forma                    $11,024                $4,864                  $6,160                 55.9        %                            $3,556                    $(16                          )                             $2,620                      23.8          %
interest expense        loss on early extinguishment of debt            other expense (income), net                  income before provision for income taxes          provision for income taxes           effective tax rate            net income   weighted average diluted shares           diluted earnings per share pro forma                                    $671                    $13                                             $-                                                             $1,492                                     $393                        26.3           %          $1,099                                 1,401.1                     $0.78
items affecting comparability:
mark to market                               (3              )       -                                            3                                                                     72                                       16                                                      56                                                              0.04
amortization of intangibles                  -                       -                                               -                                                                 121                                       31                                                      90                                                              0.06
amortization of deferred financing costs     (9              )       -                                               -                                                                   9                                        3                                                       6                                                                 -
amortization of fair value debt adjustment   (22             )       -                                               -                                                                  22                                        6                                                      16                                                              0.01
stock compensation                           -                       -                                               -                                                                  21                                        4                                                      17                                                              0.01
restructuring and integration costs          -                       -                                               -                                                                 170                                       43                                                     127                                                              0.09
productivity                                 2                       -                                               -                                                                  30                                        9                                                      21                                                              0.01
transaction costs                            (4              )       -                                               -                                                                   8                                        3                                                       5                                                                 -
loss on early extinguishment of debt         -                       (13                           )                 -                                                                  13                                        3                                                      10                                                              0.01
provision for legal settlements              -                       -                                               -                                                                  22                                        6                                                      16                                                              0.01
inventory step-up                            -                       -                                               -                                                                   2                                        -                                                       2                                                                 -
tax reform                                   -                       -                                               -                                                                   -                                        7                                                      (7     )                                                           -
adjusted pro forma                           $635                    $-                                              $3                                                             $1,982                                     $524                        26.4           %          $1,458                                 1,401.1                     $1.04
numbers may not foot due to rounding.
46
keurig dr pepper inc.
reconciliation of segment items to certain non-gaap adjusted segment items
(unaudited)
(in millions)                                reported       items affecting comparability                adjusted gaap for the year ended december 31, 2019
net sales coffee systems                            $4,233            $-                                           $4,233
packaged beverages                         4,945            -                                             4,945
beverage concentrates                      1,414            -                                             1,414
latin america beverages                      528            -                                               528
total net sales                          $11,120            $-                                          $11,120
income from operations coffee systems                            $1,219            $184                                         $1,403
packaged beverages                           757                               26                           783
beverage concentrates                        955                                2                           957
latin america beverages                       85            (3                      )                        82
unallocated corporate costs                 (638    )                         303                          (335      )
total income from operations              $2,378            $512                                         $2,890
(in millions)                                pro forma           items affecting comparability             adjusted pro forma for the year ended december 31, 2018
net sales coffee systems                            $4,114                                $4                            $4,118
packaged beverages                         5,069                                 -                             5,069
beverage concentrates                      1,331                                 -                             1,331
latin america beverages                      506                                 -                               506
total net sales                          $11,020                                $4                           $11,024
income from operations coffee systems                            $1,161                              $166                            $1,327
packaged beverages                           680                                11                               691
beverage concentrates                        856                                 5                               861
latin america beverages                       80                                 3                                83
unallocated corporate costs                 (601     )                         259                              (342        )
total income from operations              $2,176                              $444                            $2,620
47
