item 1a.  risk factors in addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. the risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.
obesity and other health-related concerns may reduce demand for some of our products.
there is growing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems associated with obesity. increasing public concern about obesity; other health-related public concerns surrounding consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages; possible new or increased taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages by government entities to reduce consumption or to raise revenue; additional governmental regulations concerning the advertising, marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of our sugar-sweetened beverages; and negative publicity resulting from actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry relating to the marketing, labeling or sale of sugar-sweetened beverages may reduce demand for, or increase the cost of, our sugar-sweetened beverages, which could adversely affect our profitability.
if we do not address evolving consumer product and shopping preferences, our business could suffer.
consumer product preferences have evolved and continue to evolve as a result of, among other things, health, wellness and nutrition considerations, including concerns regarding caloric intake associated with sugar-sweetened beverages and the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients; shifting consumer demographics; changes in consumer tastes and needs coupled with a rapid expansion of beverage options and potential delivery methods; changes in consumer lifestyles; concerns regarding location of origin or source of ingredients and raw materials and the environmental and sustainability impact of ingredient sources and the product manufacturing process; consumer emphasis on transparency related to ingredients we use in our products and collection and recyclability of, and amount of recycled content contained by, our packaging containers and other materials; concerns about the health and welfare of animals in our dairy supply chain; dramatic shifts in consumer shopping patterns as a result of the rapidly evolving digital landscape; and competitive product and pricing pressures. in addition, in many of our markets, shopping patterns are being affected by the digital evolution, with consumers rapidly embracing shopping by way of mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms. if we fail to address past changes in consumer product and shopping preferences, do not successfully anticipate and prepare for future changes in such preferences, or are ineffective or slow in developing and implementing appropriate digital transformation initiatives, our share of sales, revenue growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.
increased competition could hurt our business.
we operate in the highly competitive nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry. for additional information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, including the names of certain of our significant competitors, refer to the heading "competition" set forth in part i, "item 1. business" of this report. our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global market or in various local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. competitive pressures may cause us and our bottling partners to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our and our bottlers' ability to increase such prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. such pressures may also increase marketing costs and in-store placement and slotting fees. in addition, the rapid growth of e‐commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues. if we do not continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other profitable categories in the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected.
water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact the coca-cola system's costs and capacity.
water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies and is needed in our manufacturing process. it also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve. water is a limited resource in many parts of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing demand for food and other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water, increasing pollution and emerging awareness of potential contaminants, poor management, lack of physical or financial access to water, sociopolitical tensions due to lack of public infrastructure in certain areas of the world and the effects of climate change. as the demand for water continues to increase around the world, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, the coca-cola system may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints and the possibility of reputational damage, which could adversely affect our profitability or net operating revenues in the long run.
increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity may negatively affect our business.
we and our bottling partners use in the manufacture of our beverage products a number of key ingredients that are derived from agricultural commodities such as sugarcane, corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea. increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns and other factors may limit the availability or increase the cost of such agricultural commodities and could impact the food security of communities around the world. if we are unable to implement programs focused on economic opportunity and environmental sustainability to address these agricultural challenges and fail to make a strategic impact on food security through joint efforts with bottlers, farmers, communities, suppliers and key partners, as well as through our increased and continued investment in sustainable agriculture, our ability to source raw materials for use in our manufacturing processes and the affordability of our products and ultimately our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business.
our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products. we have rigorous product safety and quality standards, which we expect our operations as well as our bottling partners to meet. however, despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality, we or our bottling partners may not always meet these standards, particularly as we expand our product offerings through innovation or acquisitions into beverage categories, such as value-added dairy and plant-based beverages, that are beyond our traditional range of beverage products. if we or our bottling partners fail to comply with applicable product safety and quality standards, or if our beverage products taken to the market are or become contaminated or adulterated by any means, we may be required to conduct costly product recalls and may become subject to product liability claims and negative publicity, which could cause our business to suffer.
public debate and concern about perceived negative health consequences of certain ingredients, such as non-nutritive sweeteners and biotechnology-derived substances, and of other substances present in our beverage products or packaging materials, may reduce demand for our beverage products.
public debate and concern about perceived negative health consequences of certain ingredients in our beverage products, such as non-nutritive sweeteners and biotechnology-derived substances; substances that are present in our beverage products naturally or that occur as a result of the manufacturing process, such as 4-methylimidazole ("4-mei," a chemical compound that is formed during the manufacturing of certain types of caramel coloring used in cola-type beverages); or substances used in packaging materials, such as bisphenol a ("bpa," an odorless, tasteless food-grade chemical commonly used in the food and beverage industries as a component in the coating of the interior of cans), may affect consumers' preferences and cause them to shift away from some of our beverage products. in addition, increasing public concern about actual or perceived health consequences of the presence of such ingredients or substances in our beverage products or in packaging materials, whether or not justified, could result in additional governmental regulations concerning the advertising, marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of our beverages; possible new or increased taxes on our beverages by government entities; and negative publicity, or actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry, all of which could damage the reputation of, and may reduce demand for, our beverage products.
if we are not successful in our innovation activities, our financial results may be negatively affected.
achieving our business growth objectives depends in part on our ability to evolve and improve our existing beverage products through innovation and to successfully develop, introduce and market new beverage products. the success of our innovation activities in turn depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance and trends; obtain, maintain and enforce necessary intellectual property protections; and avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. if we are not successful in our innovation activities, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives, which may have a negative impact on our financial results.
if we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data or breaches of security, our operations could be disrupted, we may suffer financial losses and our reputation may be damaged.
we rely on networks and information systems and other technology ("information systems"), including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, employee processes, consumer marketing, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. we use information systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting and legal and tax requirements. in addition, we depend on information systems for digital marketing activities and electronic communications among our locations around the world and between company personnel and our bottlers and other customers, suppliers and consumers. because information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions or security breaches. these incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or by user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social-activist (hacktivist) organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. in addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized or accidental disclosure of material confidential information or regulated individual personal data. if our information systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments for concentrate or finished products. unauthorized or accidental access to, or destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, falsification or unavailability of, information could result in violations of data privacy laws and regulations, damage to the reputation and credibility of the company, loss of opportunities to acquire or divest of businesses or brands and loss of ability to commercialize products developed through research and development efforts and, therefore, could have a negative impact on net operating revenues. in addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us, our current or former employees, our bottling partners, other customers or suppliers, or consumers or other data subjects, and may become exposed to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. the company could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems.
like most major corporations, the company's information systems are a target of attacks. in addition, third-party providers of data hosting or cloud services, as well as our bottling partners, distributors, joint venture partners or suppliers, may experience cybersecurity incidents that may involve data we share with them. although the incidents that we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, such incidents could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. in order to address risks to our information systems, we continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber insurance and training of company personnel. the company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. as part of this program, reports that include analysis of emerging risks as well as the company's plans and strategies to address them are regularly prepared and presented to senior management and the audit committee of the board of directors.
if we fail to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws, we could be subject to adverse publicity, government enforcement actions and/or private litigation, which could negatively affect our business and operating results.
in the ordinary course of our business, we receive, process, transmit and store information relating to identifiable individuals ("personal data"), primarily employees and former employees but also some consumers. as a result, we are subject to various u.s. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations relating to personal data. these laws have been subject to frequent changes, and new legislation in this area may be enacted in other jurisdictions at any time. in the european union ("eu"), the gdpr, which became effective on may 25, 2018 for all eu member states, includes operational requirements for companies receiving or processing personal data of eu residents and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. in the united states, the ccpa, which became effective on january 1, 2020, provides for a private right of action for data breaches and requires companies that process information about california residents to make disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices and to allow consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties. the changes introduced by the gdpr and the ccpa, as well as any other changes to existing personal data protection or privacy laws and the introduction of such laws in other jurisdictions, have subjected and may continue in the future to subject the company to, among other things, additional costs and expenses and have required and may in the future require costly changes to our business practices and security systems, policies, procedures and practices. our security controls over personal data, the training of employees and vendors on data privacy and data security, and the policies, procedures and practices we implemented or may implement in the future may not prevent the improper disclosure of personal data. improper disclosure of personal data in violation of the gdpr, the ccpa and/or of other personal data protection or privacy laws could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), or result in private litigation against us, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results.
if we are not successful in our efforts to digitize the coca-cola system, our financial performance will be negatively affected.
the digital evolution is affecting how we interact with consumers, customers, suppliers, bottlers and other business partners and stakeholders. we believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to adapt to and thrive in the digital environment. therefore, one of our top priorities is to digitize the coca-cola system by, among other things, creating more relevant and more personalized experiences wherever our system interacts with consumers, whether in a digital environment or through digital devices in an otherwise physical environment; finding ways to create more powerful digital tools and capabilities for the coca‐cola system's retail customers to enable them to grow their businesses; and digitizing operations through the use of data, artificial intelligence, automation, robotics and digital devices to increase efficiency and productivity. if we are not successful in our efforts to digitize the coca-cola system, our ability to increase sales and reduce costs may be negatively affected and the cost and expenses we have incurred or may incur in connection with our digitization initiatives may adversely impact our financial performance.
changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail or foodservice customers could adversely affect our financial performance.
our industry is being affected by the trend toward consolidation in and blurring of the lines between retail channels, particularly in europe and the united states. larger retailers may seek lower prices from us and our bottling partners, may demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures, and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private label brands, any of which could negatively affect the coca-cola system's profitability. in addition, in developed markets discounters and value stores are growing at a rapid pace, while in emerging and developing markets modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets. our industry is also being affected by the rapid growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services, which may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels. as we build the coca-cola system's e-commerce capabilities, we may not be able to develop and maintain successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers without experiencing a deterioration of our relationships with key customers operating physical retail channels. if we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, including the rapid growth in digital commerce, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. in addition, our success depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail and foodservice customers. the loss of one or more of our key retail or foodservice customers could have an adverse effect on our financial performance.
if we are unable to expand our operations in emerging and developing markets, our growth rate could be negatively affected.
our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in emerging and developing markets, which in turn depends on economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to work with local bottlers to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities, distribution networks, sales equipment and technology. additionally, we rely on local availability of talented management and employees to establish and manage our operations in these markets. scarcity of, or heavy competition for, talented employee resources could impede our abilities in such markets. moreover, the supply of our products in emerging and developing markets must match consumers' demand for those products. due to product price, limited purchasing power and cultural differences, our products may not be accepted in any particular emerging or developing market.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
we earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro, the japanese yen, the brazilian real and the mexican peso. in 2019, we used 70 functional currencies in addition to the u.s. dollar and derived $25.6 billion of net operating revenues from operations outside the united states. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against other currencies affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. for information regarding the estimated impact of currency fluctuations on our consolidated and operating segment net operating revenues for 2019 and 2018, refer to the heading "operations review - net operating revenues" set forth in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this report. because of the geographic diversity of our operations, weaknesses in some currencies may be offset by strengths in others over time. we also use derivative financial instruments to further reduce our net exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. however, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, could materially affect our financial results.
if interest rates increase, our net income could be negatively affected.
we maintain levels of debt that we consider prudent based on our cash flows, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. we use debt financing to lower our cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. this exposes us to adverse changes in interest rates. when and to the extent appropriate, we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to interest rate risks. however, our financial risk management program may not be successful in reducing the risks inherent in exposures to interest rate fluctuations. in addition, in july 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, the governing body responsible for regulating the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced that it will no longer compel or persuade financial institutions and panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. this decision is expected to result in the discontinuance of the use of libor as a reference rate for commercial loans and other indebtedness. although the impact of the possible discontinuance of libor publication and transition to alternative reference rates remains unclear, it is possible that these changes may have an adverse impact on our financing costs. our interest expense may also be affected by our credit ratings. in assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as the consolidated balance sheet and other financial information of the company. in addition, some credit rating agencies also consider financial information of certain of our major bottling partners. it is our expectation that the credit rating agencies will continue using this methodology. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure; our major bottling partners' financial performance; changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength; the credit agencies' perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our or our major bottling partners' current or future financial performance and financial condition; or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. additionally, if the credit ratings of certain bottling partners in which we have equity method investments were to be downgraded, such bottling partners' interest expense could increase, which would reduce our equity income.
we rely on our bottling partners for a significant portion of our business. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottling partners, our business could suffer.
we generate a significant portion of our net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to independent bottling partners. as independent companies, our bottling partners, some of which are publicly traded companies, make their own business decisions that may not always align with our interests. in addition, many of our bottling partners have the right to manufacture or distribute their own products or certain products of other beverage companies. if we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our bottling partners through a combination of pricing and marketing and advertising support, or if our bottling partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and development efforts, they may take actions that, while maximizing their own short-term profits, may be detrimental to our company or our brands, or they may devote more of their energy and resources to business opportunities or products other than those of the company. such actions could, in the long run, have an adverse effect on our profitability.
if our bottling partners' financial condition deteriorates, our business and financial results could be affected.
we derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups to independent bottling partners and, therefore, the success of our business depends on our bottling partners' financial strength and profitability. while under our agreements with our bottling partners we generally have the right to unilaterally change the prices we charge for our concentrates and syrups, our ability to do so may be materially limited by our bottling partners' financial condition and their ability to pass price increases along to their customers. in addition, we have investments in certain of our bottling partners, which we account for under the equity method, and our operating results include our proportionate share of such bottling partners' income or loss. our bottling partners' financial condition is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our and their control, including competitive and general market conditions in the territories in which they operate; the availability of capital and other financing resources on reasonable terms; loss of major customers; additional regulations; or disruptions of bottling operations that may be caused by strikes, work stoppages, labor unrest, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. a deterioration of the financial condition or results of operations of one or more of our major bottling partners could adversely affect our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups; and, if such deterioration involves one or more of our major equity investee bottling partners, could also result in a decrease in our equity income and/or impairments of our equity method investments.
increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
we are subject to income tax in the united states and numerous other jurisdictions in which we generate profits. our overall effective income tax rate is a function of applicable local tax rates and the geographic mix of our income before taxes, which is itself impacted by currency movements. consequently, the isolated or combined effects of unfavorable movements in tax rates, geographic mix, or foreign exchange rates could reduce our after-tax income.
our annual tax rate is based on our income and the tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. significant judgment is required in determining our annual income tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. the results of audits or related disputes could have a material effect on our financial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made and for periods for which the statute of limitations is open. for instance, the united states internal revenue service ("irs") is seeking to increase our u.s. taxable income for tax years 2007 through 2009 by an amount that creates a potential additional u.s. federal income tax liability of approximately $3.3 billion for that period, plus interest. if this income tax dispute were to be ultimately determined adversely to us, any additional taxes, interest and potential penalties in the litigated or subsequent years could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. any such adjustments related to years prior to 2018, either in the litigation period or later, may have an impact on the transition tax payable as part of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax reform act"). for additional information regarding this income tax dispute, refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in part ii, "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this report.
increased or new indirect taxes in the united states and throughout the world could negatively affect our business.
our business operations are subject to numerous duties or taxes that are not based on income, sometimes referred to as "indirect taxes," including import duties, tariffs, excise taxes, sales or value-added taxes, taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages, packaging taxes, property taxes and payroll taxes, in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including indirect taxes imposed by state and local governments. in addition, in the past, the u.s. congress considered imposing a federal excise tax on beverages sweetened with sugar, hfcs or other nutritive sweeteners and may consider similar proposals in the future. as federal, state and local governments in the united states and throughout the world experience significant budget deficits, some lawmakers have singled out beverages among a plethora of revenue-raising items and have imposed or increased, or proposed to impose or increase, sales or similar taxes on beverages, particularly sugar-sweetened beverages. increases in or the imposition of new indirect taxes on our business operations or products would increase the cost of products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make our products less affordable, which may negatively impact our net operating revenues and profitability.
if we do not successfully manage the possible negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected.
we believe that improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading priority of our company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business model possible. consequently, we continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business. some of the actions we may take from time to time in pursuing these opportunities may become a distraction for our managers and employees and may disrupt our ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in employee morale which may make it more difficult for us to retain or attract qualified managers and employees; disrupt or weaken the internal control structures of the affected business operations; and give rise to negative publicity which could affect our corporate reputation. if we are unable to successfully manage the possible negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to attract or retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, our business could be negatively affected.
the success of our business depends on our company's and the coca-cola system's ability to attract, develop, retain and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce as well as on our success in nurturing a culture that supports our growth and aligns employees around the company purpose and work that matters most. we may not be able to successfully compete for, attract and/or retain the high-quality and diverse employee talent we want and our future business needs may require, such as employees with e-commerce, social media and digital marketing and advertising skills, and/or digital and analytics capabilities. changes in immigration laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate highly skilled technical, professional and management personnel to meet our business needs. in addition, the unexpected loss of experienced and highly skilled associates due to an increase in aggressive recruiting for best-in-class talent could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. any of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business.
increase in the cost, disruption of supply or shortage of energy or fuel could affect our profitability.
our company-owned or -controlled bottlers operate a large fleet of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute and deliver beverage products to customers. in addition, we use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate our concentrate, syrup and juice production plants and the bottling plants and distribution facilities operated by our company-owned or -controlled bottlers. an increase in the price, disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy sources in countries in which we have concentrate plants, or in any of the major markets in which our company-owned or -controlled bottlers operate, which may be caused by increasing demand, by events such as natural disasters, power outages and the like, or by government regulations, taxes, policies or programs designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to address climate change, could increase our operating costs and negatively impact our profitability.
our independent bottling partners also operate large fleets of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute and deliver beverage products to their own customers and use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate their own bottling plants and distribution facilities. an increase in the price, disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy sources in any of the major markets in which our independent bottling partners operate could increase the affected independent bottling partners' operating costs and thus indirectly negatively impact our results of operations.
increase in the cost, disruption of supply or shortage of ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers could harm our business.
we and our bottling partners use various ingredients in our business, including hfcs, sucrose, aspartame, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, saccharin, cyclamate, steviol glycosides, ascorbic acid, citric acid, phosphoric acid, caffeine and caramel color; other raw materials such as orange and other fruit juice and juice concentrates; packaging materials such as pet, bio-based pet and recycled pet for bottles; and aluminum cans and other containers. for additional information regarding ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials and containers we use in our business, refer to the heading "raw materials" set forth in part i, "item 1. business" of this report. the prices of these ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers fluctuate depending on market conditions. substantial increases in the prices of our or our bottling partners' ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers to the extent they cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of finished beverage products, could increase our and our bottling partners' operating costs and reduce our profitability. increases in the prices of our finished products resulting from a higher cost of ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers could affect affordability in some markets and reduce coca-cola system sales. in addition, some of our ingredients, such as aspartame, acesulfame potassium, and saccharin, as well as some packaging containers, such as aluminum cans, are available from a limited number of suppliers, and certain other ingredients are available from only one source each. furthermore, some of our suppliers are located in countries experiencing political or other risks. we and our bottling partners may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with these suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective in preventing disruptions that may arise from shortages of any ingredient that is available from a limited number of suppliers or from only one source.
the citrus industry is impacted by the variability of weather conditions and by greening disease, which affect the supply of orange juice and orange juice concentrate, which are important raw materials for our business. in particular, freezing weather or hurricanes in central florida may result in shortages and higher prices for orange juice and orange juice concentrate throughout the industry. in addition, greening disease is reducing the number of citrus trees and increasing grower costs and prices. adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of other agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived. for example, drought conditions in certain parts of the united states or in other major corn-producing areas of the world may negatively affect the supply of corn, which in turn may result in shortages of and higher prices for hfcs.
an increase in the cost, a sustained interruption in the supply, or a shortage of some of these ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers that may be caused by changes in or the enactment of new laws and regulations; a deterioration of our or our bottling partners' relationships with suppliers; supplier quality and reliability issues; trade disruptions; changes in supply chain; and increases in tariffs that may be caused by the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit"; or events such as natural disasters, widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases (such as the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus covid-19), power outages, labor strikes, political uncertainties or governmental instability, or the like could negatively impact our net operating revenues and profits.
increasing concerns about the environmental impact of plastic bottles and other plastic packaging materials could result in reduced demand for our beverage products and increased production and distribution costs.
there are increasing concerns among consumers, governments and other stakeholders about the damaging impact of the proliferation and accumulation of plastic bottles and other packaging materials in the environment, particularly in the world's waterways, lakes and oceans. we and our bottling partners sell certain of our beverage products in plastic bottles and use other plastic packaging materials that are not biodegradable and, while largely recyclable, may not be regularly recovered and recycled due to low economic value or lack of collection and recycling infrastructure. if we and our bottling partners do not, or are perceived not to, act responsibly to address plastic materials recoverability and recycling concerns, our corporate image and brand reputation could be damaged, which may cause some consumers to reduce or discontinue consumption of some of our beverage products. in addition, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments to reduce the coca-cola system's impact on the environment by increasing our use of recycled plastic and other packaging materials; increasing our use of packaging materials that are made in part of plant-based renewable materials; participating in programs and initiatives to reclaim or recover plastic bottles and other packaging materials that are already in the environment; and taking other actions and participating in other programs and initiatives organized or sponsored by nongovernmental organizations and other groups. if we and our bottling partners fail to achieve or improperly report on our progress toward achieving our announced environmental goals and commitments, the resulting negative publicity could adversely affect consumer preference for our beverage products. in addition, in response to environmental concerns, governmental entities in the united states and in many other jurisdictions around the world have adopted or are considering adopting regulations and policies designed to mandate or encourage plastic packaging waste reduction and an increase of recycling rates or, in some cases, restricting or even prohibiting the use of plastic containers or packaging materials. these regulations and policies, whatever their scope or form, could increase the cost of our beverage products or otherwise put the company at a competitive disadvantage. in addition, our increased focus on reducing plastic containers and other packaging materials waste may require us to incur additional expenses and to increase our capital expenditures. a reduction in consumer demand for our beverage products and/or an increase in costs and expenditures relating to production and distribution as a result of these environmental concerns regarding plastic bottles and other packaging materials could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
changes in laws and regulations relating to beverage containers and packaging could increase our costs and reduce demand for our products.
we and our bottlers currently offer nonrefillable containers in the united states and in various other markets around the world. legal requirements have been enacted in various jurisdictions in the united states and overseas requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged in connection with the sale, marketing and use of certain beverage containers. other proposals relating to beverage container deposits, recycling, tethered bottle caps, ecotax and/or product stewardship or even prohibitions on certain types of plastic products, packages and cups have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the united states and overseas, and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local, state and federal levels, both in the united states and elsewhere. consumers' increased concerns and changing attitudes about solid waste streams and environmental responsibility and the related publicity could result in the adoption of additional such legislation or regulations in the future. if these types of requirements are adopted and implemented on a large scale in any of the major markets in which we operate, they could affect our costs or require changes in our distribution model, which could reduce our net operating revenues and profitability.
significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products may inhibit sales of affected products.
various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products as a result of what they contain or allegations that they cause adverse health effects. if these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products.
for example, under one such law in california, known as proposition 65, if the state has determined that a substance causes cancer or harms human reproduction, a warning must be provided for any product sold in the state that exposes consumers to that substance, unless the exposure falls under an established safe harbor level or another exemption is applicable. for additional information regarding proposition 65, refer to the heading "governmental regulation" set forth in part i, "item 1. business" of this report. if we were required to add proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our beverage products produced for sale in california, the resulting consumer reaction to the warnings and possible adverse publicity could negatively affect our sales both in california and in other markets.
unfavorable general economic conditions in the united states could negatively impact our financial performance.
in 2019, our net operating revenues in the united states were $11.7 billion, or 31 percent, of our total net operating revenues. unfavorable general economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown, in the united states could negatively affect the affordability of, and consumer demand for, our beverages in our flagship market. under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies, including private label brands. softer consumer demand for our beverages in the united states could reduce our profitability and could negatively affect our overall financial performance.
unfavorable economic and political conditions in international markets could hurt our business.
we derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of our products in international markets. in 2019, our operations outside the united states accounted for $25.6 billion, or 69 percent, of our total net operating revenues. unfavorable economic conditions and financial uncertainties in our major international markets, including uncertainties related to brexit implementation, and unstable political conditions, including civil unrest and governmental changes, in certain of our other international markets could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers' purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. product boycotts resulting from political activism could reduce demand for our products, while restrictions on our ability to transfer earnings or capital across borders, price controls, limitations on profits, retaliatory tariffs, import authorization requirements and other restrictions on business activities which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability, deterioration of economic relations between countries or otherwise, could impact our profitability. in addition, u.s. trade sanctions against countries designated by the u.s. government as state sponsors of terrorism and/or financial institutions accepting transactions for commerce within such countries could increase significantly, which could make it impossible for us to continue to make sales to bottlers in such countries. the imposition of retaliatory sanctions against u.s. multinational corporations by countries that are or may become subject to u.s. trade sanctions, or the delisting of our branded products by retailers in various countries in reaction to u.s. trade sanctions or other governmental action or policy, could also negatively affect our business.
litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
we are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including, but not limited to, litigation claims and legal proceedings arising out of our advertising and marketing practices, product claims and labels, intellectual property and commercial disputes, tax disputes, and environmental and employment matters. we evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. these assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates.
we conduct business in markets with high-risk legal compliance environments, which exposes us to increased legal and reputational risk.
we have bottling and other business operations in markets with high-risk legal compliance environments. our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our associates and agents with all united states and local laws and regulations and consent orders applicable to our business operations, including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. nonetheless, our policies, procedures and related training programs may not always ensure full compliance by our associates and agents with all applicable legal requirements. improper conduct by our associates or agents could damage our reputation in the united states and internationally or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines as well as disgorgement of profits.
if our third-party service providers and business partners do not satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, our financial results could suffer.
in the conduct of our business, we rely on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners and other external business partners, for certain functions or for services in support of key portions of our operations. these third-party service providers and business partners are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems and employee failures, and are subject to legal, regulatory and market risks of their own. our third-party service providers and business partners may not fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed upon terms. in addition, while we have procedures in place for selecting and managing our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk. if we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, or for any reason our third-party service providers or business partners fail to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, our financial results could suffer.
failure to adequately protect, or disputes relating to, trademarks, formulae and other intellectual property rights could harm our business.
our trademarks, formulae and other intellectual property rights (refer to the heading "patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks" in part i, "item 1. business" of this report) are essential to the success of our business. we cannot be certain that the legal steps we are taking around the world are sufficient to protect our intellectual property rights or that, notwithstanding legal protection, others do not or will not infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if changes in laws diminish or remove the current legal protections available to them, the competitiveness of our products may be eroded and our business could suffer. in addition, we could come into conflict with third parties over intellectual property rights, which could result in disruptive and expensive litigation. any of the foregoing could harm our business.
adverse weather conditions could reduce the demand for our products.
the sales of our products are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. unusually cold or rainy weather during the summer months may have a temporary effect on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for such periods.
climate change and legal or regulatory responses thereto may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
there is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as sugarcane, corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products, and could impact the food security of communities around the world. climate change may also exacerbate water scarcity and cause a further deterioration of water quality in affected regions, which could limit water availability for the coca-cola system's bottling operations. increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. increasing concern over climate change also may result in additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment. increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to increased legal or regulatory requirements may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the manufacturing and distribution of our beverage products. the effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. in addition, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments to reduce the coca-cola system's carbon footprint by increasing our use of recycled packaging materials and participating in environmental and sustainability programs and initiatives organized or sponsored by nongovernmental organizations and other groups to reduce greenhouse gas emissions industry-wide. if we and our bottling partners fail to achieve or improperly report on our progress toward achieving our carbon footprint reduction goals and commitments, the resulting negative publicity could adversely affect consumer preference for our beverage products.
if negative publicity, whether or not warranted, concerning product safety or quality, workplace and human rights, obesity or other issues damages our brand image, corporate reputation and social license to operate, our business may suffer.
our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the brand image of our existing products, build up brand image for new products and brand extensions, and maintain our corporate reputation and social license to operate. however, our continuing investment in advertising and marketing and our strong commitment to product safety and quality and human rights may not have the desired impact on our products' brand image and on consumer preferences. product safety or quality issues, actual or perceived, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. in some emerging markets, the production and sale of counterfeit or "spurious" products, which we and our bottling partners may not be able to fully combat, may damage the image and reputation of our products. in addition, from time to time, we and our executives engage in public policy endeavors that are either directly related to our products and packaging or to our business operations and the general economic climate affecting the company. these engagements in public policy debates can occasionally be the subject of backlash from advocacy groups that have a differing point of view and could result in adverse media and consumer reaction, including product boycotts. similarly, our sponsorship relationships could subject us to negative publicity as a result of actual or alleged misconduct by individuals or entities associated with organizations we sponsor or support financially or through in-kind contributions. likewise, campaigns by activists connecting us, or our bottling system or supply chain, with workplace and human rights issues, whether actual or perceived, could adversely impact our corporate image and reputation. additionally, negative postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the company or one of its brands, even if inaccurate or malicious, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the company. furthermore, in june 2011, the united nations human rights council endorsed the guiding principles on business and human rights, which outlines how businesses should implement the corporate responsibility to respect human rights principles included in the united nations "protect, respect and remedy" framework on human rights. through our human rights policy, code of business conduct and supplier guiding principles, and our participation in the united nations global compact, as well as our active participation in the global business initiative on human rights, we made a number of commitments to respect all human rights. allegations, even if untrue, that we are not respecting one or more of the 30 human rights found in the united nations universal declaration of human rights; actual or perceived failure by our suppliers or other business partners to comply with applicable workplace and labor laws, including child labor laws, or their actual or perceived abuse or misuse of migrant workers; and adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, water usage, environmental impact, labor relations or the like could negatively affect our company's overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products' acceptance by consumers. in addition, if we fail to protect our associates' and our supply chain employees' human rights, or inadvertently discriminate against any group of associates or hiring prospects, our ability to hire and retain the best talent will be diminished, which could have an adverse impact on our overall business.
changes in, or failure to comply with, the laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business operations could increase our costs or reduce our net operating revenues.
our company's business is subject to various laws and regulations in the numerous countries throughout the world in which we do business, including laws and regulations relating to competition, product safety, advertising and labeling, container deposits, recycling and product stewardship, the protection of the environment, occupational health and safety, employment and labor practices, personal data protection and privacy, and data security. for additional information regarding laws and regulations applicable to our business, refer to the heading "governmental regulation" set forth in part i, "item 1. business" of this report. changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof, including increased or additional regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change, to discourage the use of plastic materials, including regulations relating to recovery and/or disposal of plastic bottles and other packaging materials due to environmental concerns, or to limit or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us and our bottling partners, which could affect our profitability, or may impede the production, distribution, marketing and sale of our products, which could affect our net operating revenues. in addition, failure to comply with u.s. trade sanctions, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other applicable laws or regulations could result in litigation, the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, suspension of production or distribution, costly changes to equipment or processes due to required corrective action, or a cessation or interruption of operations at our or our bottling partners' facilities, as well as damage to our or our bottling partners' image and reputation, all of which could harm our or our bottling partners' profitability.
changes in accounting standards could affect our reported financial results.
new accounting standards or pronouncements that may become applicable to our company from time to time, or changes in the interpretation of existing standards and pronouncements, could have a significant effect on our reported financial results for the affected periods.
if we are not able to achieve our overall long-term growth objectives, the value of an investment in our company could be negatively affected.
we have established and publicly announced certain long-term growth objectives. these objectives were based on, among other things, our evaluation of our growth prospects, which are generally driven by the sales potential of our many beverage products, some of which are more profitable than others, and on an assessment of the potential price and product mix. we may not be able to realize the sales potential and the price and product mix necessary to achieve our long-term growth objectives.
if global credit market conditions deteriorate, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
the cost and availability of credit vary by market and are subject to changes in the global or regional economic environment. if conditions in major credit markets deteriorate, our and our bottling partners' ability to obtain debt financing on favorable terms may be negatively affected, which could affect our and our bottling partners' profitability as well as our share of the income of bottling partners in which we have equity method investments. a decrease in availability of consumer credit resulting from unfavorable credit market conditions, as well as general unfavorable economic conditions, may also cause consumers to reduce their discretionary spending, which could reduce the demand for our beverages and negatively affect our and our bottling partners' financial performance.
default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses.
as part of our hedging activities, we enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, including forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps, with various financial institutions. in addition, we have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the united states and abroad. as a result, we are exposed to the risk of default by or failure of counterparty financial institutions. the risk of counterparty default or failure may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets. if one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or to retrieve our assets that are deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. in the event of default by or failure of one or more of our counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we or our bottling partners experience strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest, our business could suffer.
many of our associates at our key manufacturing locations and bottling plants are covered by collective bargaining agreements. while we generally have been able to renegotiate collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire and regard our relations with associates and their representatives as generally satisfactory, negotiations may nevertheless be challenging, as the company must have competitive cost structures in each market while meeting the compensation and benefits needs of our associates. if we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, our labor costs could increase, which could affect our profit margins. in addition, many of our bottling partners' employees are represented by labor unions. strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest at any of our major manufacturing facilities or at our bottling operations' or our major bottlers' plants could impair our ability to supply concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners or our bottlers' ability to supply finished beverages to customers, which could reduce our net operating revenues and could expose us to customer claims. furthermore, from time to time we and our bottling partners restructure manufacturing and other operations to improve productivity. restructuring activities and the announcement of plans for future restructuring activities may result in a general increase in insecurity among some company associates and some employees in other parts of the coca-cola system, which may have negative impacts on employee morale and work performance, result in escalation of grievances and adversely affect the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements. if these labor relations are not effectively managed at the local level, they could escalate in the form of corporate campaigns supported by the labor organizations and could negatively affect our company's overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products' acceptance by consumers.
we may be required to recognize impairment charges that could materially affect our financial results.
we assess our noncurrent assets, including trademarks, bottler franchise rights, goodwill and other intangible assets, equity method investments and other long-lived assets, as and when required by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states to determine whether they are impaired and, if they are, we record appropriate impairment charges. our equity method investees also perform similar recoverability and impairment tests, and we record our proportionate share of impairment charges recorded by them adjusted, as appropriate, for the impact of items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains. it is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges or our proportionate share of significant impairment charges recorded by equity method investees in the future and, if we do so, our net income could be materially adversely affected.
we may incur multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities in the future, which could negatively impact our financial performance.
we currently participate, and have in the past participated, in certain multi-employer pension plans in the united states. the u.s. multi-employer pension plans in which we currently participate have contractual arrangements that extend into 2021. if in the future we choose to withdraw, or are deemed to have withdrawn, from any of the multi-employer pension plans in which we currently participate, or in which we have participated in the past, we would need to record the appropriate withdrawal liabilities, which could negatively impact our financial performance in the applicable periods.
if we do not successfully integrate and manage our company-owned or -controlled bottling operations or other acquired businesses or brands, our results could suffer.
from time to time we acquire or take control of bottling operations, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. in addition, we routinely evaluate opportunities to acquire other businesses or brands to expand our beverage portfolio and capabilities. we may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with acquiring, taking control of or managing acquired bottling operations, other businesses or brands and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in restructuring and integrating them into our company's operating and internal control structures. we may also experience delays in extending our company's internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired or controlled bottling operations or other newly acquired businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in their financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. in addition, our product quality and safety programs and controls may not be sufficiently robust to effectively cope with the expanded range of product offerings introduced through newly acquired businesses or brands, which may increase our costs or subject us to negative publicity. also, we may not be able to successfully manage the additional complexities involved with overseeing the various supply chain models as we expand our product offerings and seek to manage acquired businesses in a more independent, less integrated manner. our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of company-owned or -controlled bottling operations and other acquired businesses or brands. however, we may not be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for such bottling operations, businesses or brands. if we incur unforeseen liabilities, obligations and costs in connection with acquiring or integrating bottling operations or other businesses, experience internal control or product quality failures or are unable to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for company-owned or -controlled bottling operations and other acquired businesses or brands, our consolidated results could be negatively affected.
if we do not successfully manage our refranchising activities, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
as part of our strategic initiative to refocus on our core business of building brands and leading our system of bottling partners, we continue to seek opportunities to refranchise company-owned or -controlled bottling operations. our refranchising activities require significant attention and effort on the part of, and therefore may be a distraction for, senior management. if we are unable to complete future refranchising transactions on our expected timetable and on terms and conditions favorable to us; our refranchising partners are not efficient and aligned with our long-term vision for the coca-cola system; or we are unable to maintain good relationships with the refranchised bottling operations, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if we fail to realize a significant portion of the anticipated benefits of our strategic relationship with monster, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
in june 2015, we and monster entered into a long-term strategic relationship in the global energy drink category. if we are unable to successfully manage our complex relationship with monster, or if for any other reason we fail to realize all or a significant part of the benefits we expect from this strategic relationship and the related investment, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and financial results.
because of our global presence and worldwide operations, our business could be affected by large-scale terrorist acts, cyber-strikes and radiological attacks, especially those directed against the united states or other major industrialized countries; the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities; major natural disasters; or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases such as the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus covid-19. such events could impair our ability to manage our business around the world, could disrupt our supply of raw materials and ingredients, and could impact production, transportation and delivery of concentrates, syrups and finished products. in addition, such events could cause disruption of regional or global economic activity, which could affect consumers' purchasing power in the affected areas and, therefore, reduce demand for our products.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the coca-cola company, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to - and should be read in conjunction with - our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this report. this overview summarizes the md&a, which includes the following sections:
•   our business - a general description of our business and the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry; our platform for sustained performance; our core capabilities; and challenges and risks of our business.
•   critical accounting policies and estimates - a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates.
•   operations review - an analysis of our company's consolidated results of operations for the three years presented in our consolidated financial statements. except to the extent that differences among our operating segments are material to an understanding of our business as a whole, we present the discussion on a consolidated basis.
•   liquidity, capital resources and financial position - an analysis of cash flows; off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations; foreign exchange; and the impact of inflation and changing prices.
our business general the coca-cola company is the world's largest nonalcoholic beverage company. we own or license and market more than 500 nonalcoholic beverage brands, which we group into the following category clusters: sparkling soft drinks; water, enhanced water and sports drinks; juice, dairy and plant-based beverages; tea and coffee; and energy drinks. we own and market four of the world's top five nonalcoholic sparkling soft drink brands: coca-cola, diet coke, fanta and sprite. finished beverage products bearing our trademarks, sold in the united states since 1886, are now sold in more than 200 countries and territories.
we make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our independent network of bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers as well as company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations - the world's largest nonalcoholic beverage distribution system. beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to us account for 2.0 billion of the approximately 61 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day.
we believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage choices to meet their desires, needs and lifestyle choices. our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day.
our company markets, manufactures and sells:
•   beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as "beverage bases," and syrups, including fountain syrups (we refer to this part of our business as our "concentrate business" or "concentrate operations"); and
•   finished sparkling soft drinks and other nonalcoholic beverages (we refer to this part of our business as our "finished product business" or "finished product operations").
generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate operations.
in our domestic and international concentrate operations, we typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates, syrups and certain finished beverages to authorized bottling operations (to which we typically refer as our "bottlers" or our "bottling partners"). our bottling partners either combine concentrates with sweeteners (depending on the product), still water or sparkling water, or combine syrups with still or sparkling water, to produce finished beverages. the finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers, such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles, bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us and are then sold to retailers directly or, in some cases, through wholesalers or other bottlers. in addition, outside the united states, our bottling partners are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups, using our concentrate, which they sell to fountain retailers for use in producing beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. our concentrate operations are included in our geographic operating segments and our global ventures operating segment.
our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling soft drinks and a variety of other finished nonalcoholic beverages, such as water, enhanced water and sports drinks; juice, dairy and plant-based beverages; tea and coffee; and energy drinks, to retailers or to distributors and wholesalers who distribute them to retailers. these operations consist primarily of company-owned or -controlled bottling, sales and distribution operations, which are included in our bottling investments operating segment. in certain markets, the company also operates non-bottling finished product operations in which we sell finished beverages to distributors and wholesalers that are generally not one of the company's bottling partners. these operations are generally included in one of our geographic operating segments or our global ventures operating segment. in the united states, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers, who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. these fountain syrup sales are included in our north america operating segment.
32
the following table sets forth the percentage of total net operating revenues related to concentrate operations and finished product operations:
year ended december 31,       2019   2018       2017
concentrate operations          55   %     58   %     50   %
finished product operations     45   42         50
total                          100   %    100   %    100   %
the following table sets forth the percentage of total worldwide unit case volume related to concentrate operations and finished product operations:
year ended december 31,       2019   2018       2017
concentrate operations          83   %     82   %     77   %
finished product operations                     23
total                          100   %    100   %    100   %
the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry we operate in the highly competitive nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry. we face strong competition from numerous other general and specialty beverage companies. we, along with other beverage companies, are affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the cost to manufacture and distribute products, consumer spending, economic conditions, availability and quality of water, consumer preferences, inflation, political climate, local and national laws and regulations, foreign currency fluctuations, fuel prices and weather patterns.
our platform for sustained performance we have established a platform for sustained performance centered around disciplined portfolio growth; an aligned and engaged bottling system; and winning with our stakeholders - all supported by revenue growth management and brand-building initiatives.
disciplined portfolio growth
•   continuous innovation to offer consumers more personalized product solutions that match their tastes and lifestyles
•   leveraging the coca-cola system to lift, shift and scale leading brands and winning concepts quickly and efficiently around the world
•   utilizing mergers and acquisitions opportunities that strike the right balance between strategic rationale, financial returns and risk profile as an enabler to further our growth strategy an aligned and engaged bottling system
•   strategically aligned bottling partners with a sharper focus on value growth rather than volume growth
•   gaining efficiencies through scale and improved supply chains
•   strong marketplace execution across the bottling system
•   a winning culture winning with our stakeholders
•   succeeding as a company by empowering our employees, satisfying consumers with a wide variety of beverage options, and providing solutions to grow our customers' beverage businesses
•   making a positive difference in the communities where we operate
•   helping to create value for all of our stakeholders for a better shared future underpinning our platform for sustained performance are three enablers: digitizing the enterprise; fostering a growth culture; and growing sustainably.
digitizing the enterprise the digital evolution is changing consumers' behaviors, influencing the way consumers think, interact and ultimately how they shop. we believe this evolution impacts every aspect of the coca-cola system and creates an opportunity to partner in different ways with our customers and re-engineer our supply chain and route-to-market.
fostering a growth culture we believe that sustainable and profitable growth is the product of a strong culture, with a focus on our employees, customers and consumers worldwide. as we move our business into the future, we will continue to drive a growth culture centered around curiosity, empowerment, inclusion and agility. our belief is that focusing on these behaviors will enhance our associates' work performance and help us become a more growth-minded company.
growing sustainably we are focused on giving people the drinks they want while trying to improve the world we all share, turning our passion for consumers into brands people love and creating shared opportunities through growth. we act in ways which we believe will create a more sustainable and better shared future for all of our stakeholders. we attempt to make a positive difference in peoples' lives, communities and our planet by doing business the right way.
core capabilities to support our platform for sustained performance, we must continue to enhance our core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership and franchise leadership.
consumer marketing marketing investments are designed to enhance consumer awareness of, and increase consumer preference for, our brands. successful marketing investments produce long-term growth in unit case volume, per capita consumption and our share of worldwide nonalcoholic beverage sales. through our relationships with our bottling partners and those who sell our products in the marketplace, we create and implement integrated marketing programs, both globally and locally, that are designed to heighten consumer awareness of and product appeal for our brands. in developing a strategy for a company brand, we conduct product and packaging research, establish brand positioning, develop precise consumer communications and solicit consumer feedback. our integrated marketing activities include, but are not limited to, advertising, point-of-sale merchandising and sales promotions.
we are focusing on marketing strategies to drive volume growth in emerging markets, increase our brand value in developing markets and grow net operating revenues and profit in our developed markets. in emerging markets, we are investing in infrastructure programs that drive volume through increased access to consumers. in developing markets, where consumer access has largely been established, our focus is on differentiating our brands. in our developed markets, we continue to invest in brands and infrastructure programs but generally at a slower rate than gross profit growth.
commercial leadership the coca-cola system has millions of customers around the world who sell or serve our products directly to consumers. we focus on enhancing value for our customers and providing solutions to grow their beverage businesses. our approach includes understanding each customer's business and needs - whether that customer is a sophisticated retailer in a developed market or a kiosk owner in an emerging market. we focus on ensuring that our customers have the right product and package offerings and the right promotional tools to create enhanced value for themselves and the company. we are constantly looking to build new beverage consumption occasions in our customers' outlets through unique and innovative consumer experiences, product availability and delivery systems, and beverage merchandising and displays. we participate in brand-building initiatives with our customers in order to drive consumer preference for our brands. through our commercial leadership initiatives, we embed ourselves further into our retail customers' businesses while developing strategies for better execution at the point of sale.
franchise leadership we must continue to improve our franchise leadership capabilities to give our company and our bottling partners the ability to grow together through shared values, aligned incentives and a sense of urgency and flexibility that supports consumers' always changing needs and tastes. the financial health and success of our bottling partners are critical components of the company's success. we work with our bottling partners to identify processes that enable us to quickly achieve scale and efficiencies, and we share best practices throughout the bottling system. with our bottling partners, we work to produce differentiated beverages and packages that are appropriate for the right channels and consumers. we also design business models in specific markets to ensure that we appropriately share the value created by our beverages with our bottling partners. we must also continue to build a supply chain network that leverages the size and scale of the coca-cola system to gain a competitive advantage.
challenges and risks being global provides unique opportunities for our company. challenges and risks accompany those opportunities. our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand the attention of the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and our company. of these, five key challenges and risks are discussed below.
obesity the rates of obesity affecting communities, cultures and countries worldwide continue to be too high. there is growing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems associated with obesity. this concern represents a significant challenge to our industry. we understand and recognize that obesity is a complex public health challenge and are committed to being a part of the solution.
we recognize the uniqueness of consumers' lifestyles and dietary choices. commercially, we continue to:
•   offer reduced-, low- and no-calorie beverage options;
•   provide transparent nutrition information, featuring calories on the front of most of our packages;
•   provide our beverages in a range of packaging sizes; and
•   market responsibly, including no advertising targeted to children under 12.
the heritage of our company is to lead, and innovation is critical for leadership. as such, we are resolute in continuing to innovate and are committed to partnering to find winning solutions in the area of noncaloric sweeteners. this includes working to reduce sugar and calories in many of our beverages. we want to be a more helpful and credible partner in the fight against obesity. across the coca-cola system, we are mobilizing our assets in marketing and in community outreach to increase awareness and spur action.
evolving consumer preferences we are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, on-the-go lifestyles and consumers who are empowered with more information than ever. as a consequence of these changes, many consumers want more choices, personalization, a focus on sustainability and recyclability, and transparency related to our products and packaging. we are committed to meeting their needs and to generating new growth through our portfolio of more than 500 brands and more than 4,700 beverage products (including more than 1,600 low- and no-calorie products), new product offerings, innovative and sustainable packaging, and ingredient education efforts. we are also committed to continuing to expand the variety of choices we provide to consumers and to providing options that reflect consumer concerns about impacts to our planet.
increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace our company faces strong competition from well-established global companies as well as numerous regional and local companies. additionally, the rapidly evolving digital landscape and growth of e-commerce has led to dramatic shifts in consumer shopping patterns and presents new challenges to competitively maintain the relevancy of our brands. we must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation in order to compete in a digital environment and maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other profitable categories of the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry.
product safety and quality we strive to meet the highest standards in both product safety and product quality. we are aware that some consumers have concerns and negative viewpoints regarding certain ingredients used in our products. the coca-cola system works every day to share safe and refreshing beverages with consumers around the world. we have rigorous product and ingredient safety and quality standards designed to ensure safety and quality in each of our products, and we drive innovation that provides new beverage options to meet consumers' evolving needs and preferences. across the coca-cola system, we take great care in an effort to ensure that every one of our beverages meets the highest standards for safety and quality.
we work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations and standards. we stay current with new regulations, industry best practices and marketplace conditions, and we engage with standard-setting and industry organizations. additionally, we manufacture and distribute our products according to strict policies, requirements and specifications set forth in an integrated quality management program that continually measures all operations within the coca-cola system against the same stringent standards. our quality management system also identifies and mitigates risks and drives improvement. in our quality laboratories, we stringently measure the quality attributes of ingredients as well as samples of finished products collected from the marketplace.
we perform due diligence to ensure that product and ingredient safety and quality standards are maintained in the more than 200 countries and territories where our products are sold. we regularly assess the relevance of our requirements and standards and continually work to improve and refine them across our entire supply chain.
ingredient quality and quantity water quality and quantity is an issue that requires our company's sustained attention and collaboration with other companies, suppliers, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities where we operate. water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies and is needed in our manufacturing process. it also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve. water is a critical natural resource facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increased food demand, increasing pollution, poor management and the effects of climate change.
our company regularly assesses the specific water-related risks that we and many of our bottling partners face and has implemented a formal water risk management program. mitigation of water risk forms the basis of our water stewardship strategic framework. this strategy is executed at the local level where we operate and includes the following elements: water use efficiency and wastewater treatment in manufacturing operations; shared watershed protection efforts; engaging local communities; and addressing water resource management in our agricultural ingredient supply chain. such efforts are conducted in collaboration and partnership with others and are intended to help address local needs. many of these efforts help us in achieving our goal of replenishing the water that we and our bottling partners source and use in our finished products. we are also collaborating with other companies, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities to advocate for needed water policy reforms and action to protect water availability and quality around the world.
through these integrated programs, we believe that our company can leverage the water-related knowledge we have developed in the communities we serve through source water availability assessments and planning, water resource management, water treatment, wastewater treatment systems and models for working with communities and partners in addressing water and sanitation needs. as demand for water continues to increase around the world, we expect continued action on our part will help with the successful long-term stewardship of this critical natural resource, both for our business and the communities we serve.
in addition, increased demand for commodities and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as sugarcane, corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products and could impact the food security of communities around the world. we are dedicated to implementing our sustainable sourcing commitment, which is founded on principles that protect the environment, uphold workplace rights and help build more sustainable communities. to support this commitment, our programs focus on economic opportunity, with an emphasis on female farmers, and environmental sustainability designed to help address these agricultural challenges. through joint efforts with farmers, communities, bottlers, suppliers and key partners, as well as our increased and continued investment in sustainable agriculture, we can together help make a positive strategic impact on food security.
all of these challenges and risks - obesity; evolving consumer preferences; increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace; product safety and quality; and ingredient quality and quantity - have the potential to have a material adverse effect on the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and on our company; however, we believe our company is well positioned to appropriately address these challenges and risks.
coronavirus impact beginning in january 2020, concerns related to the spread of the novel coronavirus covid-19 have caused a disruption to our business, primarily in china. while we currently expect this business disruption to be temporary, there is uncertainty around its duration and its broader impact, and therefore the effects it will have on our business. however, based on our current expectations, we believe this disruption will negatively impact our unit case volume and financial results for the first quarter of 2020. at this time, we do not expect this disruption to have a significant impact on our full year 2020 unit case volume or financial results.
see also ''item 1a. risk factors'' in part i of this report for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("u.s. gaap"), which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following:
•   principles of consolidation
•   recoverability of current and noncurrent assets
•   pension plan valuations
•   revenue recognition
•   income taxes management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the company's board of directors. while our estimates and assumptions are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. for a discussion of the company's significant accounting policies, refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
principles of consolidation our company consolidates all entities that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest. additionally, there are situations in which consolidation is required even though the usual condition of consolidation (ownership of a majority voting interest) does not apply. generally, this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests, which results in a disproportionate relationship between such entity's voting interests in, and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of, the other business enterprise. this disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest, and the entity in which we have the variable interest is referred to as a "vie." an enterprise must consolidate a vie if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the vie. the primary beneficiary has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie.
our company holds interests in certain vies, primarily bottling operations, for which we were not determined to be the primary beneficiary. our variable interests in these vies primarily relate to equity investments, profit guarantees or subordinated financial support. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements. although these financial arrangements resulted in our holding variable interests in these entities, they did not empower us to direct the activities of the vies that most significantly impact the vies' economic performance. creditors of our vies do not have recourse against the general credit of the company, regardless of whether they are accounted for as consolidated entities.
we use the equity method to account for investments in companies if our investment provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee. our consolidated net income includes our company's proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies. our judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investee includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest, representation on the board of directors, participation in policy-making decisions and material intercompany transactions.
we eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions, including the intercompany transactions with consolidated vies and the intercompany portion of transactions with equity method investees.
recoverability of current and noncurrent assets our company faces many uncertainties and risks related to various economic, political and regulatory environments in the countries in which we operate, particularly in developing and emerging markets. refer to the heading "our business - challenges and risks" above and "item 1a. risk factors" in part i of this report. as a result, management must make numerous assumptions which involve a significant amount of judgment when completing recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets in various regions around the world.
we perform recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets in accordance with u.s. gaap. for certain assets, recoverability and/or impairment tests are required only when conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for other assets, impairment tests are required at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired.
our equity method investees also perform such recoverability and/or impairment tests. if an impairment charge is recorded by one of our equity method investees, the company records its proportionate share of such charge as a reduction of equity income (loss) - net in our consolidated statement of income. however, the actual amount we record with respect to our proportionate share of such charge may be impacted by items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains.
the assessment of recoverability and the performance of impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets involve critical accounting estimates. these estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often interdependent; therefore, they do not change in isolation. factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic lives of the assets, sales volume, pricing, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, inflation, cost of capital, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. these factors are even more difficult to predict when global financial markets are highly volatile. the estimates we use when assessing the recoverability of current and noncurrent assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. when performing impairment tests, we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe would be consistent with what a market participant would use. estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as appropriate. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. if other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. as mentioned above, these factors do not change in isolation and, therefore, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. furthermore, if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions occur in future periods, future impairment charges could result. refer to the heading "operations review" below for additional information related to our present business environment. certain factors discussed above are impacted by our current business environment and are discussed throughout this report, as appropriate.
investments in equity and debt securities effective january 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standards update ("asu") financial instruments - overall: recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities ("asu 2016-01"), which requires us to measure all equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity method at fair value and recognize any changes in earnings. we use quoted market prices to determine the fair value of equity securities with readily determinable fair values. for equity securities without readily determinable fair values, we have elected the measurement alternative under which we measure these investments at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. management assesses each of these investments on an individual basis.
prior to the adoption of asu 2016-01, marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method were classified as either trading or available-for-sale. both realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities classified as trading securities were recognized in net income. for equity securities classified as available-for-sale, realized gains and losses were included in net income. unrealized gains and losses on equity securities classified as available-for-sale were recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("aoci"), net of tax. equity securities without readily determinable fair values were recorded at cost.
our investments in debt securities are carried at either amortized cost or fair value. the cost basis is determined by the specific identification method. investments in debt securities that the company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity. investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as either trading or available-for-sale. realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are included in net income. unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on available-for-sale debt securities are included in our consolidated balance sheet as a component of aoci, except for the change in fair value attributable to the currency risk being hedged, if applicable, which is included in net income.
equity securities with readily determinable fair values that are not accounted for under the equity method and debt securities classified as trading are not assessed for impairment, since they are carried at fair value with the change in fair value included in net income. similarly, prior to the adoption of asu 2016-01, equity investments classified as trading were not tested for impairment. equity method investments, equity securities without readily determinable fair values and debt securities classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are, and prior to the adoption of asu 2016-01 equity securities classified as available-for-sale and cost method investments were, reviewed each reporting period to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. when such events or changes occur, we evaluate the fair value compared to our cost basis in the investment. we also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for which our cost basis has exceeded the fair value. the fair values of most of our company's investments in publicly traded companies are often readily available based on quoted market prices. for investments in nonpublicly traded companies, management's assessment of fair value is based on valuation methodologies including discounted cash flows, estimates of sales proceeds and appraisals, as appropriate. we consider the assumptions that we believe market participants would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted cash flow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies. the ability to accurately predict future cash flows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value. in the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis, management is required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. if management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded. management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.
property, plant and equipment certain events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the recoverability of the carrying amount or remaining useful life of property, plant and equipment should be assessed, including, among others, the manner or length of time in which the company intends to use the asset, a significant decrease in market value, a significant change in the business climate in a particular market, or a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with historical losses or projected future losses. when such events or changes in circumstances are present and an impairment test is performed, we estimate the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition. these estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount, we recognize an impairment loss. the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. we use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of property, plant and equipment, including appraisals and discounted cash flow models, which are consistent with the assumptions we believe a market participant would use.
goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets intangible assets are classified into three categories: (1) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization; (2) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization; and (3) goodwill. for intangible assets with definite lives, tests for impairment must be performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill, tests for impairment must be performed at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired.
the assessment of recoverability and the performance of impairment tests of intangible assets involve critical accounting estimates. these estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often interdependent; therefore, they do not change in isolation. factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic lives of the assets, sales volume, pricing, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, inflation, cost of capital, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. these factors are even more difficult to predict when global financial markets are highly volatile. the estimates we use when assessing the recoverability of intangible assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. when performing impairment tests, we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe would be consistent with what a market participant would use. estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as appropriate. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. if other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. as mentioned above, these factors do not change in isolation and, therefore, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. furthermore, if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions exist in future periods, future impairment charges could result. refer to the heading "operations review" below for additional information related to our present business environment. certain factors discussed above are impacted by our current business environment and are discussed throughout this report, as appropriate.
intangible assets acquired in recent transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, primarily due to the fact that they are recorded at fair value based on recent operating plans and macroeconomic conditions present at the time of acquisition. consequently, if operating results and/or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate shortly after an acquisition, it could result in the impairment of the acquired assets. a deterioration of macroeconomic conditions may not only negatively impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our analyses, including, but not limited to, the estimated cost of capital and/or discount rates. additionally, as discussed above, in accordance with u.s. gaap, we are required to ensure that assumptions used to determine fair value in our analyses are consistent with the assumptions that we believe a market participant would use. as a result, the cost of capital and/or discount rates used in our analyses may increase or decrease based on market conditions and trends, regardless of whether our company's actual cost of capital has changed. therefore, if the cost of capital and/or discount rates change, our company may recognize an impairment of an intangible asset in spite of realizing actual cash flows that are approximately equal to, or greater than, our previously forecasted amounts.
we perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level, which is one level below our operating segments. our operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility, which is consistent with the way management runs our business. our geographic operating segments are subdivided into smaller geographic regions or territories that we sometimes refer to as "business units." these business units are also our reporting units. our global ventures operating segment includes the results of our costa, innocent and doğadan businesses as well as fees earned pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the company and monster, each of which is its own reporting unit. the bottling investments operating segment includes all company-owned or consolidated bottling operations, regardless of geographic location. generally, each company-owned or consolidated bottling operation within our bottling investments operating segment is its own reporting unit. goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit or units that benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination.
in order to test for goodwill impairment, the company compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than its carrying amount, goodwill is written down for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. however, the loss recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. we typically use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of a reporting unit. the assumptions used in these models are consistent with those we believe a market participant would use. the company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill rather than completing the impairment test. the company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the testing discussed above. otherwise, the company does not need to perform any further assessment.
when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable, management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. these estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, we recognize an impairment loss. the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. we use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of these assets, including discounted cash flow models, which are consistent with the assumptions we believe a market participant would use.
we test indefinite-lived intangible assets, including trademarks, franchise rights and goodwill, for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. our company performs these annual impairment tests as of the first day of our third fiscal quarter. we use a variety of methodologies in conducting impairment assessments of indefinite-lived intangible assets, including, but not limited to, discounted cash flow models, which are based on the assumptions we believe a market participant would use. for indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, rather than completing the impairment test. the company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the testing described above. otherwise, the company does not need to perform any further assessment.
pension plan valuations our company sponsors and/or contributes to pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans covering substantially all u.s. employees. we also sponsor nonqualified, unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain associates and participate in multi-employer pension plans in the united states. in addition, our company and its subsidiaries have various pension plans and other forms of postretirement arrangements outside the united states.
management is required to make certain critical estimates related to actuarial assumptions used to determine our net periodic pension cost and pension obligations. we believe the most critical assumptions are (1) the discount rate used to determine the present value of the liabilities and (2) the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. all of our actuarial assumptions are reviewed annually, or more frequently to the extent that a settlement or curtailment occurs. changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on the measurement of our net periodic pension cost and pension obligations.
at each measurement date, we determine the discount rate primarily by reference to rates of high-quality, long-term corporate bonds that mature in a pattern similar to the future benefit payments we anticipate making under the plans.
the company measures the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefit plans by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to the plans' projected cash flows.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon the long-term outlook of our investment strategy as well as our historical returns and volatilities for each asset class. we also review current levels of interest rates and inflation to assess the reasonableness of our long-term rates. our pension plan investment objective is to ensure all of our plans have sufficient funds to meet their benefit obligations when they become due. as a result, the company periodically revises asset allocations, where appropriate, to improve returns and manage risk.
in 2019, the company's total income related to defined benefit pension plans was $2 million, which included $10 million of net periodic benefit income and $8 million of settlement charges and special termination benefit costs. in 2020, we expect our net periodic benefit income related to defined benefit pension plans to be approximately $69 million. we currently do not expect to incur any settlement charges or special termination benefit costs in 2020. the increase in 2020 expected net periodic benefit income is primarily due to favorable asset performance in 2019 and a reduction in the number of plan participants in the primary u.s. pension plan, partially offset by a decrease in the weighted-average discount rate at december 31, 2019 compared to december 31, 2018. the estimated impact of a 50 basis-point decrease in the discount rate would result in a $19 million decrease in our 2020 net periodic benefit income. additionally, the estimated impact of a 50 basis-point decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would result in a $25 million decrease in our 2020 net periodic benefit income.
the sensitivity information provided above is based only on changes to the actuarial assumptions used for our u.s. pension plans. as of december 31, 2019, the company's primary u.s. pension plan represented 61 percent of both the company's consolidated projected benefit obligation and plan assets. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our pension plans and related actuarial assumptions.
revenue recognition effective january 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standards codification 606, revenue from contracts with customers ("asc 606"). refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements. revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of the contracts with our customers are satisfied. our performance obligation generally consists of the promise to sell concentrates, syrups or finished products to our bottling partners, wholesalers, distributors or retailers. control of the concentrates, syrups or finished products is transferred upon shipment to, or receipt at, our customers' locations, as determined by the specific terms of the contract. upon transfer of control to the customer, which completes our performance obligation, revenue is recognized. our sales terms generally do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any manufacturing defects on our part. after completion of our performance obligation, we have an unconditional right to consideration as outlined in the contract. our receivables will generally be collected in less than six months, in accordance with the underlying payment terms. all of our performance obligations under the terms of contracts with our customers have an original duration of one year or less.
our customers and bottling partners may be entitled to cash discounts, funds for promotional and marketing activities, volume‐based incentive programs, support for infrastructure programs and other similar programs. in most markets, in an effort to allow our company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value, aligned financial objectives and the flexibility necessary to meet consumers' always changing needs and tastes, we have implemented an incidence-based concentrate pricing model. under this model, the concentrate price we charge is impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, bottler pricing, the channels in which the finished products produced from the concentrate are sold, and package mix. the amounts associated with the arrangements described above are defined as variable consideration under asc 606, an estimate of which is included in the transaction price as a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statement of income upon completion of our performance obligations. the total revenue recorded, including any variable consideration, cannot exceed the amount for which it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur when uncertainties related to variability are resolved. as a result, we are recognizing revenue based on our faithful depiction of the consideration that we expect to receive. in making our estimates of variable consideration, we consider past results and make significant assumptions related to: (1) customer sales volumes; (2) customer ending inventories; (3) customer selling price per unit; (4) selling channels; and (5) discount rates, rebates and other pricing allowances, as applicable. in gathering data to estimate our variable consideration, we generally calculate our estimates using a portfolio approach at the country and product line level rather than at the individual contract level. the result of making these estimates will impact the line items trade accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheet. the actual amounts ultimately paid and/or received may be different from our estimates.
prior to the adoption of asc 606, we recognized revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement existed, delivery of products had occurred, the sales price was fixed or determinable and collectibility was reasonably assured. for our company, this generally meant that we recognized revenue when title to our products was transferred to our bottling partners, resellers or other customers. title usually transferred upon shipment to or receipt at our customers' locations, as determined by the specific sales terms of each transaction. our sales terms did not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any manufacturing defects on our part. our customers could earn certain incentives which were included in deductions from revenue, a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statement of income. these incentives included, but were not limited to, cash discounts, funds for promotional and marketing activities, volume-based incentive programs and support for infrastructure programs. in preparing the financial statements, management made estimates related to the contractual terms, customer performance and sales volume to determine the total amounts recorded as deductions from revenue. management also considered past results in making such estimates. the actual amounts ultimately paid may have been different from our estimates. such differences were recorded once they were determined and historically were not significant. refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
income taxes our annual effective tax rate is based on our income and the tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. we establish reserves to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that the position becomes uncertain based upon one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained; (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount; or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. for purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain, (1) we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information; (2) the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings and case law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position; and (3) each tax position is evaluated without considerations of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. we adjust these reserves, including any impact on the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. refer to the heading "operations review - income taxes" below and note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
a number of years may elapse before a particular uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. the number of years subject to tax audits or tax assessments varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. the tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold would be recognized in our income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained; (2) the tax position, amount, and/or timing is ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation; or (3) the statute of limitations for the tax position has expired. settlement of any particular issue would usually require the use of cash. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
tax law requires certain items to be included in the tax return at different times than when these items are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. as a result, the annual effective tax rate reflected in our consolidated financial statements is different from that reported in our tax return (our cash tax rate). some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. these timing differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. the tax rates used to determine deferred tax assets or liabilities are the enacted tax rates in effect for the year and for the manner in which the differences are expected to reverse. based on the evaluation of all available information, the company recognizes future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realizing these benefits is considered more likely than not.
we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by analyzing our forecasted taxable income using both historical and projected future operating results; the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences; taxable income in prior carryback years (if permitted); and the availability of tax planning strategies. a valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that the company will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset.
the company does not record a u.s. deferred tax liability for the excess of the book basis over the tax basis of its investments in foreign subsidiaries to the extent that the basis difference meets the indefinite reversal criteria. these criteria are met if the foreign subsidiary has invested, or will invest, the undistributed earnings indefinitely. the decision as to the amount of undistributed earnings that the company intends to maintain in non-u.s. subsidiaries takes into account items including, but not limited to, forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital, liquidity plans, capital improvement programs, merger and acquisition plans, and planned loans to other non-u.s. subsidiaries. the company also evaluates its expected cash requirements in the united states. other factors that can influence that determination are local restrictions on remittances (for example, in some countries a central bank application and approval are required in order for the company's local country subsidiary to pay a dividend), economic stability and asset risk. refer to note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
operations review our organizational structure consists of the following operating segments: europe, middle east and africa; latin america; north america; asia pacific; global ventures; and bottling investments. our operating structure also includes corporate, which consists of two components: (1) a center focused on strategic initiatives, policy and governance; and (2) an enabling services organization focused on both simplifying and standardizing key transactional processes and providing support to business units through global centers of excellence. for further information regarding our operating segments, refer to note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands in order to continually improve upon the company's operating performance, from time to time, we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations. in addition, we also acquire brands or enter into license agreements for certain brands to supplement our beverage offerings. these items impact our operating results and certain key metrics used by management in assessing the company's performance.
unit case volume growth is a metric used by management to evaluate the company's performance because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. the company's unit case volume represents the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to customers and, therefore, reflects unit case volume for both consolidated and unconsolidated bottlers. refer to the heading "beverage volume" below.
concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, source waters and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by, or used in finished products sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. refer to the heading "beverage volume" below.
when we analyze our net operating revenues we generally consider the following factors: (1) volume growth (concentrate sales volume or unit case volume, as applicable); (2) changes in price, product and geographic mix; (3) foreign currency fluctuations; and (4) acquisitions and divestitures (including structural changes defined below), as applicable. refer to the heading "net operating revenues" below. the company sells concentrates and syrups to both consolidated and unconsolidated bottling partners. the ownership structure of our bottling partners impacts the timing of recognizing concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume. when we sell concentrates or syrups to our consolidated bottling partners, we are not able to recognize the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume until the bottling partner has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer. when we sell concentrates or syrups to our unconsolidated bottling partners, we recognize the concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when the concentrates or syrups are sold to the bottling partner. the subsequent sale of the finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer does not impact the timing of recognizing the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume. when we account for an unconsolidated bottling partner as an equity method investment, we eliminate the intercompany profit related to these transactions to the extent of our ownership interest until the equity method investee has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer. we typically report unit case volume when finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups are sold to a third party or independent customer regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner.
we generally refer to acquisitions and divestitures of bottling partners as structural changes, which are a component of acquisitions and divestitures. typically, structural changes do not impact the company's unit case volume or concentrate sales volume on a consolidated basis or at the geographic operating segment level. we recognize unit case volume for all sales of company beverage products, with the exception of costa non-ready-to-drink products, regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner, if any. however, the unit case volume reported by our bottling investments operating segment is generally impacted by structural changes because it only includes the unit case volume of our consolidated bottling operations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's acquisitions and divestitures.
"acquired brands" refers to brands acquired during the past 12 months. typically, the company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to acquired brands in periods prior to the closing of a transaction. therefore, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume related to these brands is incremental to prior year volume. we generally do not consider the acquisition of a brand to be a structural change.
"licensed brands" refers to brands not owned by the company, but for which we hold certain rights, generally including, but not limited to, distribution rights, and from which we derive an economic benefit when the products are sold. typically, the company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to these brands in periods prior to the beginning of the term of a license agreement. therefore, in the year that a license agreement is entered into, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume related to the brand is incremental to prior year volume. we generally do not consider the licensing of a brand to be a structural change.
in 2019, the company acquired costa and the remaining equity interest in c.h.i. limited ("chi"). the impact of these acquisitions has been included in acquisitions and divestitures in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the global ventures and europe, middle east and africa operating segments. other acquisitions by the company included controlling interests in bottling operations in zambia, kenya and eswatini. the impact of these acquisitions has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments and europe, middle east and africa operating segments.
also in 2019, the company refranchised certain of its bottling operations in india. the impact of these refranchising activities has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments and asia pacific operating segments.
in 2018, the company acquired a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations, which was previously accounted for as an equity method investee. the impact of this acquisition has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments and asia pacific operating segments. the company also acquired a controlling interest in the franchise bottler in oman. the impact of this acquisition has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments and europe, middle east and africa operating segments. other acquisitions by the company included controlling interests in bottling operations in zambia and botswana. the impact of these acquisitions has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments and europe, middle east and africa operating segments.
also in 2018, the company refranchised our canadian and latin american bottling operations. the impact of these refranchising activities has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our north america, latin america and bottling investments operating segments. in addition, for non-company-owned and licensed brands sold in the canadian refranchised territories for which the company no longer reports unit case volume, we have eliminated the unit case volume from the base year when calculating 2018 versus 2017 volume growth rates on a consolidated basis as well as for the north america and bottling investments operating segments. refer to the headings "beverage volume" and "net operating revenues" below.
in 2017, anheuser-busch inbev's ("abi") controlling interest in coca-cola beverages africa proprietary limited ("ccba") was transitioned to the company, resulting in ccba's consolidation. the impact of this transaction has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the europe, middle east and africa and bottling investments operating segments.
also in 2017, the company refranchised its bottling operations in china to the two local franchise bottlers. the impact of these refranchising activities has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our asia pacific and bottling investments operating segments.
throughout 2017, the company refranchised bottling territories in the united states that were previously managed by ccr to certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners. the impact of these refranchising activities has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our north america and bottling investments operating segments.
beverage volume we measure the volume of company beverage products sold in two ways: (1) unit cases of finished products and (2) concentrate sales. as used in this report, "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 u.s. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings); and "unit case volume" means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to customers. unit case volume primarily consists of beverage products bearing company trademarks. also included in unit case volume are certain products licensed to, or distributed by, our company, and brands owned by coca-cola system bottlers for which our company provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive economic benefit. in addition, unit case volume includes sales by certain joint ventures in which the company has an equity interest. we believe unit case volume is one of the measures of the underlying strength of the coca-cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. the unit case volume numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the company from its bottling partners and distributors. concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, source waters and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by, or used in finished beverages sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. factors such as seasonality, bottlers' inventory practices, supply point changes, timing of price increases, new product introductions and changes in product mix can create differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. in addition to the items mentioned above, the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the company has an equity interest, but to which the company does not sell concentrates, syrups, source waters or powders/minerals, may give rise to differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. with the exception of ready-to-drink products, the company does not report unit case volume or concentrate sales volume for costa, a component of the global ventures operating segment.
information about our volume growth worldwide and by operating segment is as follows:
percent change
2019 versus 2018       2018 versus 2017
year ended december 31,            unit cases1,2               concentrate sales             unit cases1,2               concentrate sales worldwide                                      2   %                           2   %     4                   %                               %
europe, middle east &amp; africa               2   %                               %                         %                           6   %     8
latin america                                  1                               1             -                                           1
north america                                  -                              (1   )     5   -                                          (2   )     9
asia pacific                                   5                               4   6         4                                           4   10
global ventures                                                                                          8                               7
bottling investments                          24   3                         n/a             (15             )       7                 n/a
1   bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only.
2   geographic operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for all bottlers, both consolidated and unconsolidated, and distributors in the applicable geographic areas.
3   after considering the impact of structural changes, unit case volume for bottling investments for the year ended december 31, 2019 grew 6 percent.
4   after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, worldwide concentrate sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2019 grew 1 percent.
5   after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, concentrate sales volume for north america for the year ended december 31, 2019 was even.
6   after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, concentrate sales volume for asia pacific for the year ended december 31, 2019 grew 5 percent.
7   after considering the impact of structural changes, unit case volume for bottling investments for the year ended december 31, 2018 grew 12 percent.
8   after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, concentrate sales volume for europe, middle east and africa for the year ended december 31, 2018 grew 4 percent.
9   after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, concentrate sales volume for north america for the year ended december 31, 2018 was even.
10 after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, concentrate sales volume for asia pacific for the year ended december 31, 2018 grew 5 percent.
unit case volume the coca-cola system sold 30.3 billion, 29.6 billion and 29.2 billion unit cases of our products in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the unit case volume for 2019, 2018 and 2017 reflects the impact of brands acquired or licensed during the applicable year. the unit case volume for 2019, 2018 and 2017 also reflects the impact of the transfer of distribution rights with respect to non-company-owned brands that were previously licensed to us in north american bottling territories that have since been refranchised. the company eliminated the unit case volume related to these structural changes from the base year, as applicable, when calculating 2019 versus 2018 and 2018 versus 2017 unit case volume growth rates.
sparkling soft drinks represented 69 percent of our worldwide unit case volume for 2019, 2018 and 2017. trademark coca‐cola accounted for 45 percent of our worldwide unit case volume for 2019, 2018 and 2017.
in 2019, unit case volume in the united states represented 18 percent of the company's worldwide unit case volume. of the u.s. unit case volume, 62 percent was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. trademark coca-cola accounted for 43 percent of u.s. unit case volume.
unit case volume outside the united states represented 82 percent of the company's worldwide unit case volume for 2019. the countries outside the united states in which our unit case volumes were the largest were mexico, china, brazil and india, which together accounted for 31 percent of our worldwide unit case volume. of the non-u.s. unit case volume, 70 percent was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. trademark coca-cola accounted for 46 percent of non-u.s. unit case volume.
year ended december 31, 2019 versus year ended december 31, 2018
unit case volume in europe, middle east and africa grew 2 percent, which included growth of 2 percent in sparkling soft drinks, 3 percent in water, enhanced water and sports drinks and 3 percent in tea and coffee. growth in sparkling soft drinks was primarily driven by 4 percent growth in trademark coca-cola. the group reported increases in unit case volume in the central & eastern europe; turkey, caucasus & central asia; south & east africa; west africa; and western europe business units. the unit case volume in the middle east & north africa business unit was even.
in latin america, unit case volume grew 1 percent, which included growth of 5 percent in water, enhanced water and sports drinks and 6 percent in tea and coffee, with even performance in sparkling soft drinks, partially offset by a 1 percent decline in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages. trademark coca-cola grew 1 percent. the group's volume reflected growth of 5 percent in both the brazil and latin center business units and 1 percent in the mexico business unit, partially offset by a 5 percent decline in the south latin business unit.
unit case volume in north america was even, with even performance in both sparkling soft drinks and juice, dairy and plant-based beverages. unit case volume in water, enhanced water and sports drinks grew 1 percent, driven by 7 percent growth in sports drinks. growth in this category cluster was offset by a 1 percent decline in tea and coffee.
in asia pacific, unit case volume grew 5 percent, reflecting 8 percent growth in sparkling soft drinks, 1 percent growth in water, enhanced water and sports drinks, and 2 percent growth in both juice, dairy and plant-based beverages and tea and coffee. growth in sparkling soft drinks volume included 9 percent growth in trademark coca-cola and 5 percent growth in trademark sprite. volume within the water, enhanced water and sports drinks category cluster included growth of 2 percent in packaged water. the group's volume reflects growth of 11 percent in the india & south west asia business unit, 10 percent in the asean business unit, 3 percent in the greater china & korea business unit and 1 percent in the south pacific business unit. the growth in these business units was partially offset by a decline of 2 percent in the japan business unit.
unit case volume for global ventures grew 7 percent, which included growth of 8 percent in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages and growth in energy drinks, partially offset by a decline in tea.
unit case volume for bottling investments grew 24 percent. this increase primarily reflects the impact of the acquisition of a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations as well as growth in india and south africa. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
unit case volume in europe, middle east and africa grew 2 percent, which included growth of 2 percent in sparkling soft drinks and 3 percent in water, enhanced water and sports drinks. growth in sparkling soft drinks was primarily driven by 2 percent growth in trademark coca-cola and 3 percent growth in trademark fanta. the group reported increases in unit case volume in the central & eastern europe; turkey, caucasus & central asia; and middle east & north africa business units. the unit case volume growth in these business units was partially offset by a decline in the west africa business unit. volume in the south & east africa and western europe business units was even.
in latin america, unit case volume was even, which included growth of 4 percent in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages and 1 percent in water, enhanced water and sports drinks. sparkling soft drinks volume was even. the group's volume reflected growth of 1 percent in each of the mexico, brazil and latin center business units, offset by a 4 percent decline in the south latin business unit. the growth in mexico's volume was primarily driven by 1 percent growth in sparkling soft drinks and 8 percent growth in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages. the decline in south latin's volume was driven by a 4 percent decline in sparkling soft drinks.
unit case volume in north america was even. sparkling soft drinks grew 1 percent, which included growth of 3 percent in trademark sprite and 1 percent in trademark coca‐cola. unit case volume in water, enhanced water and sports drinks grew 2 percent, primarily driven by 2 percent growth in packaged water and 1 percent growth in sports drinks. growth in these category clusters was offset by a 3 percent decline in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages.
in asia pacific, unit case volume grew 4 percent, reflecting 4 percent growth in sparkling soft drinks, 5 percent growth in water, enhanced water and sports drinks, and 4 percent growth in tea and coffee. growth in sparkling soft drinks volume included 5 percent growth in trademark coca-cola and 6 percent growth in trademark sprite. volume within the water, enhanced water and sports drinks category cluster included growth of 7 percent in packaged water. the group's volume reflects growth of 6 percent in the greater china & korea business unit, 10 percent in the india & south west asia business unit and 1 percent in the japan business unit. volume in the south pacific and asean business units was even.
unit case volume for global ventures grew 8 percent, which included growth of 8 percent in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages and growth in energy drinks, partially offset by a decline in tea.
unit case volume for bottling investments declined 15 percent. this decrease primarily reflects the impact of refranchising activities, partially offset by growth in india as well as the impact of bottler acquisitions. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
concentrate sales volume in 2019, worldwide concentrate sales volume and unit case sales volume both grew 2 percent compared to 2018. in 2018, worldwide concentrate sales volume grew 3 percent and unit case sales volume grew 2 percent compared to 2017. the differences between concentrate sales volume and unit case volume growth rates on a consolidated basis and for the operating segments were primarily due to the timing of concentrate shipments, structural changes and the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the company has an equity interest, but to which the company does not sell concentrates, syrups, source waters or powders/minerals.
net operating revenues year ended december 31, 2019 versus year ended december 31, 2018
net operating revenues were $37,266 million in 2019, compared to $34,300 million in 2018, an increase of $2,966 million, or 9 percent.
the following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of the factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments:
percent change 2019 versus 2018
volume         price, product &amp; geographic mix         foreign currency fluctuations         acquisitions &amp; divestitures         total consolidated                            1   %                                       5     %                              (4   )%                                  7   %         9     %
europe, middle east &amp; africa        1   %                                       4     %                              (9   )%                                  3   %        (1    )%
latin america                           1   13                                                                          (10   )                                   -   3
north america                           -   3                                                                             -                                       -   2
asia pacific                            5                                           -                                    (1   )                                  (1   )         3
global ventures                         8                                          (1     )                             (16   )                                 242   233
bottling investments                    6   3                                                                            (5   )                                   5   10
note: certain rows may not add due to rounding.
1   represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments and our global ventures operating segment (excluding costa non-ready-to-drink products) (expressed in equivalent unit cases) after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. for our bottling investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume after considering the impact of structural changes. our bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only. refer to the heading "beverage volume" above.
2   includes structural changes. refer to the heading "structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands" above.
refer to the heading "beverage volume" above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate sales volumes.
"price, product and geographic mix" refers to the change in net operating revenues caused by factors such as price changes, the mix of products and packages sold, and the mix of channels and geographic territories where the sales occurred. the impact of price, product and geographic mix is calculated by subtracting the change in net operating revenues resulting from volume increases or decreases, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and acquisitions and divestitures from the total change in net operating revenues. management believes that providing investors with price, product and geographic mix enhances their understanding about the combined impact that the following items had on the company's net operating revenues: (1) pricing actions taken by the company and, where applicable, our bottling partners; (2) the change in the mix of products and packages sold; and (3) the change in the mix of channels and geographic territories where products were sold. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
price, product and geographic mix had a 5 percent favorable impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. price, product and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following:
•   europe, middle east and africa - favorable price mix across a majority of the business units;
•   latin america - favorable price mix across all business units and the impact of inflationary environments in certain markets;
•   north america - favorable price mix driven by revenue growth management initiatives across the beverage categories;
•   asia pacific - favorable price mix in all business units offset by unfavorable geographic mix;
•   global ventures - unfavorable product mix; and
•   bottling investments - favorable price, product and package mix in certain bottling operations, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix.
foreign currency fluctuations decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 4 percent. this unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the euro, british pound sterling, mexican peso, brazilian real, south african rand and australian dollar, which had an unfavorable impact on all of our operating segments, except for our north america operating segment. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the japanese yen, which had a favorable impact on our asia pacific operating segment. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
"acquisitions and divestitures" refers to acquisitions and divestitures of brands or businesses, some of which the company considers to be structural changes. the impact of acquisitions and divestitures is the difference between the change in net operating revenues and the change in what our net operating revenues would have been if we removed the net operating revenues associated with an acquisition or divestiture from either the current year or the prior year, as applicable. management believes that quantifying the impact that acquisitions and divestitures had on the company's net operating revenues provides investors with useful information to enhance their understanding of the company's net operating revenue performance by improving their ability to compare our year-to-year results. management considers the impact of acquisitions and divestitures when evaluating the company's performance. refer to the heading "structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands" above for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures.
net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume; price, product and geographic mix; foreign currency fluctuations; and acquisitions and divestitures. the size and timing of acquisitions and divestitures are not consistent from period to period. the company currently expects acquisitions and divestitures to have a slightly favorable impact on full year 2020 net operating revenues. based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect foreign currencies will have a slightly unfavorable impact on our full year 2020 net operating revenues.
year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
net operating revenues were $34,300 million in 2018, compared to $36,212 million in 2017, a decrease of $1,912 million, or 5 percent.
the following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of the factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments:
percent change 2018 versus 2017
volume        price, product &amp; geographic mix        foreign currency fluctuations        acquisitions &amp; divestitures        accounting changes        total consolidated                                %    2                                     %                               (1   )%                               (11   )%                    2   %       (5   )%
europe, middle east &amp; africa        4   %    3                                     %                               (2   )%                                 1   %                    (3   )%       4   %
latin america                           1                                                                              (9   )                                  -                        (3   )        -
north america                           -        -                                                                      -                                     (1   )                         9
asia pacific                            5        -                                     1                                                                      (1   )                    (5   )        -
global ventures                         7        (1                                    )                                2                                      -                         -   8
bottling investments                   12                                                                               -                                    (55   )                                (40   )
note: certain rows may not add due to rounding.
1   represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments and our global ventures operating segment (expressed in equivalent unit cases) after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. for our bottling investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume after considering the impact of structural changes. our bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only. refer to the heading "beverage volume" above.
2   includes structural changes. refer to the heading "structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands" above.
price, product and geographic mix had a 2 percent favorable impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. price, product and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following:
•   europe, middle east and africa - favorable price mix in all of the segment's business units as well as favorable product and package mix;
•   latin america - favorable price mix and the impact of inflationary environments in certain markets;
•   north america - favorable pricing initiatives, offset by incremental freight costs;
•   asia pacific - favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives as well as product and package mix, offset by geographic mix;
•   global ventures - unfavorable product mix; and
•   bottling investments - favorable geographic mix, partially offset by unfavorable price, product and package mix in certain bottling operations.
foreign currency fluctuations decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 1 percent. this unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the argentine peso, mexican peso, brazilian real and australian dollar which had an unfavorable impact on our latin america and asia pacific operating segments. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the euro, british pound sterling, japanese yen and south african rand which had a favorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa and asia pacific operating segments. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
"accounting changes" refers to the impact of our adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard. refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
49
information about our net operating revenues by operating segment and corporate as a percentage of company net operating revenues is as follows:
year ended december 31,             2019          2018          2017
europe, middle east &amp; africa    17.3   %      19.1   %      18.7   %
latin america                       11.0          11.6          10.9
north america                       31.9          33.1          24.0      1
asia pacific                        12.7          14.0          13.1
global ventures                      6.9           2.2           2.0
bottling investments                19.9          19.7          31.0      1
corporate                            0.3           0.3           0.3
total                              100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
1 amounts have been adjusted to reflect the reclassification of certain revenue streams from the bottling investments operating segment to the north america operating segment effective january 1, 2018.
the percentage contribution of each operating segment fluctuates over time due to net operating revenues in certain operating segments growing at a faster rate compared to other operating segments. net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume; price, product and geographic mix; foreign currency fluctuations; acquisitions and divestitures; and accounting changes. for additional information about the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below, and for additional information about acquisitions and divestitures, refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
gross profit margin gross profit margin is a ratio calculated by dividing gross profit by net operating revenues. management believes gross profit margin provides investors with useful information related to the profitability of our business prior to considering all of the operating costs incurred. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
year ended december 31, 2019 versus year ended december 31, 2018
our gross profit margin decreased to 60.8 percent in 2019 from 61.9 percent in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to the impact of structural changes as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate operations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures.
year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
our gross profit margin decreased to 61.9 percent in 2018 from 62.1 percent in 2017. the decrease was primarily due to the consolidation of ccba, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and the impact of accounting changes related to the new revenue recognition accounting standard, partially offset by the impact of divestitures. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures. refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard.
selling, general and administrative expenses the following table sets forth the components of selling, general and administrative expenses (in millions):
year ended december 31,                             2019            2018            2017
stock-based compensation expense                    $201            $225            $219
advertising expenses                               4,246           4,113           3,958
selling and distribution expenses                  2,873           2,182           3,402
other operating expenses                           4,783           4,482           5,255
selling, general and administrative expenses     $12,103         $11,002         $12,834
50
year ended december 31, 2019 versus year ended december 31, 2018
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $1,101 million, or 10 percent. this increase was primarily the result of acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of divestitures and a foreign currency exchange rate impact of 4 percent. the increase in advertising costs also reflects the company's increased investments to strengthen our brands. other operating expenses also reflect the impact of savings from our productivity initiatives.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $258 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based compensation awards granted under our plans. this cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.0 years as stock-based compensation expense, and it does not include the impact of any future stock-based compensation awards. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $1,832 million, or 14 percent. the decrease in selling and distribution expenses during 2018 reflects the impact of refranchising activities throughout 2018 and the full year effect of refranchising activities that occurred during 2017, partially offset by the impact of the consolidation of ccba. the decrease in other operating expenses during 2018 reflects savings from our productivity initiatives, the impact of refranchising activities throughout 2018 and the full year effect of refranchising activities that occurred during 2017.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures.
other operating charges other operating charges incurred by operating segment and corporate were as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,               2019            2018            2017
europe, middle east &amp; africa        $2             $(3   )         $26
latin america                            1               4               7
north america                           62             175             241
asia pacific                            42              (4   )          10
global ventures                          -               -               -
bottling investments                   100             617           1,079
corporate                              251             290             539
total                                 $458          $1,079          $1,902
in 2019, the company recorded other operating charges of $458 million. these charges primarily consisted of $264 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program and $42 million related to the impairment of a trademark in asia pacific. in addition, other operating charges included $46 million of transaction costs associated with the purchase of costa, which we acquired in january 2019, and $95 million for costs incurred to refranchise certain of our north america bottling operations. these costs include, among other items, internal and external costs for individuals directly working on the refranchising efforts, severance, and costs associated with the implementation of information technology systems to facilitate consistent data standards and availability throughout our bottling systems. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the acquisition of costa and refranchising of our bottling operations. refer to note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information on the trademark impairment charge. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's productivity and reinvestment program. refer to note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and corporate.
in 2018, the company recorded other operating charges of $1,079 million. these charges primarily consisted of $450 million of ccr asset impairments and $440 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program. in addition, other operating charges included $139 million related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our north america bottling operations. other operating charges also included $33 million related to tax litigation expense and $19 million related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the refranchising of our bottling operations. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the tax litigation. refer to note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information on the asset impairment charges. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's productivity and reinvestment program. refer to note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and corporate.
in 2017, the company recorded other operating charges of $1,902 million. these charges primarily consisted of $737 million of ccr asset impairments and $534 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program. in addition, other operating charges included $280 million related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our bottling operations. other operating charges also included $225 million related to a cash contribution we made to the coca-cola foundation, $67 million related to tax litigation expense, $34 million related to impairments of venezuelan intangible assets and $19 million related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the refranchising of our bottling operations. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's productivity and reinvestment program. refer to note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and corporate.
operating income and operating margin information about our operating income contribution by operating segment and corporate on a percentage basis is as follows:
year ended december 31,             2019         2018         2017
europe, middle east &amp; africa    35.2    %    40.4    %    46.2   %
latin america                       23.6         25.3         28.6
north america                       25.7         25.3         31.9
asia pacific                        22.6         24.8         27.5
global ventures                      3.3          1.7          2.1
bottling investments                 3.6         (2.2    )   (10.4   )
corporate                          (14.0    )   (15.3    )   (25.9   )
total                              100.0    %   100.0    %   100.0   %
operating margin is a ratio calculated by dividing operating income by net operating revenues. management believes operating margin provides investors with useful information related to the profitability of our business after considering all of the operating costs incurred. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
information about our operating margin on a consolidated basis and by operating segment and corporate is as follows:
year ended december 31,            2019        2018        2017
consolidated                       27.1    %   26.7    %   21.4   %
europe, middle east &amp; africa   55.2        56.5        52.9
latin america                      57.7        58.4        56.0
north america                      21.8        20.4        28.5
asia pacific                       48.3        47.3        44.9
global ventures                    13.1        19.8        22.3
bottling investments                4.8        (2.9    )   (7.2   )
corporate                             *           *           *
*   calculation is not meaningful.
year ended december 31, 2019 versus year ended december 31, 2018
operating income was $10,086 million in 2019, compared to $9,152 million in 2018, an increase of $934 million, or 10 percent. the increase in operating income was driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 2 percent, favorable price and product mix, savings from our productivity initiatives, lower other operating charges and a benefit from acquisitions. these favorable impacts were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
in 2019, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 9 percent due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the euro, british pound sterling, mexican peso, brazilian real, south african rand and australian dollar, which had an unfavorable impact on all of our operating segments, except for our north america operating segment. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the japanese yen, which had a favorable impact on our asia pacific operating segment. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
operating income for europe, middle east and africa for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $3,551 million and $3,693 million, respectively. the decrease in operating income for the segment reflects an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 12 percent, partially offset by favorable price and product mix and concentrate sales volume growth of 1 percent.
operating income for the latin america segment for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $2,375 million and $2,318 million, respectively. operating income growth for the segment reflects favorable price and product mix and growth in concentrate sales volume of 1 percent, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 14 percent.
north america's operating income for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $2,594 million and $2,318 million, respectively. operating income growth for this segment was primarily driven by favorable price mix and lower other operating charges. these favorable impacts were partially offset by a decline in concentrate sales volume of 1 percent and the impact of prior year structural changes.
operating income for asia pacific for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $2,282 million and $2,271 million, respectively. operating income growth for the segment reflects concentrate sales volume growth of 4 percent, partially offset by higher other operating charges, an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 1 percent and the impact of structural changes.
operating income for global ventures for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $334 million and $152 million, respectively. operating income growth was primarily due to the acquisition of costa, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 4 percent.
operating income for our bottling investments segment for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $358 million compared to an operating loss of $197 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. operating income growth in 2019 was impacted by strong performance in india and south africa, the favorable impact of the acquisition of a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations in december 2018 and lower other operating charges, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact.
corporate's operating loss for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $1,408 million and $1,403 million, respectively. the operating loss in 2019 was unfavorably impacted by mark-to-market adjustments related to our economic hedging activities, partially offset by lower other operating charges and savings from our productivity initiatives.
based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect foreign currencies will have an unfavorable impact on our full year 2020 operating income.
year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
operating income was $9,152 million in 2018, compared to $7,755 million in 2017, an increase of $1,397 million, or 18 percent. the increase in operating income was driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 3 percent, favorable price mix and lower other operating charges. additionally, operating income was favorably impacted by savings from our productivity initiatives. these favorable impacts were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of refranchising activities and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
in 2018, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 6 percent due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the argentine peso, mexican peso, brazilian real and australian dollar, which had an unfavorable impact on our latin america and asia pacific operating segments. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the euro, british pound sterling, japanese yen and south african rand, which had a favorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa and asia pacific operating segments. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
operating income for europe, middle east and africa for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $3,693 million and $3,585 million, respectively. operating income growth for the segment reflects concentrate sales volume growth of 6 percent, favorable price, product and geographic mix, and lower other operating charges, partially offset by increased marketing investments primarily related to key product launches and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 5 percent.
operating income for the latin america segment for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $2,318 million and $2,215 million, respectively. operating income growth for the segment reflects favorable price and product mix and growth in concentrate sales volume of 1 percent, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 12 percent.
north america's operating income for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $2,318 million and $2,472 million, respectively. the decrease in operating income was driven by higher freight costs and the impact of structural changes, partially offset by lower other operating charges. the operating margin decrease in 2018 was primarily related to the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard. refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
operating income for asia pacific for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $2,271 million and $2,136 million, respectively. operating income growth for the segment reflects concentrate sales volume growth of 4 percent. foreign currency exchange rates had a nominal impact.
operating income for global ventures for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $152 million and $159 million, respectively. the operating income decline for the segment reflects concentrate sales volume growth of 7 percent offset by unfavorable product mix and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 1 percent.
our bottling investments segment's operating loss for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $197 million and $806 million, respectively. the decrease in operating loss reflects lower other operating charges, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of divestitures.
corporate's operating loss for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $1,403 million and $2,006 million, respectively. the operating loss in 2018 was favorably impacted by lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a result of productivity initiatives, lower other operating charges and mark-to-market adjustments related to our economic hedging activities.
interest income year ended december 31, 2019 versus year ended december 31, 2018
interest income was $563 million in 2019, compared to $689 million in 2018, a decrease of $126 million, or 18 percent. this decrease was primarily driven by the liquidation of a portion of our short-term investments in connection with the acquisition of costa, partially offset by higher cash balances in certain of our international locations.
year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
interest income was $689 million in 2018, compared to $679 million in 2017, an increase of $10 million, or 1 percent. the increase primarily reflects higher interest rates earned on certain investments, partially offset by lower investment balances in certain of our international locations.
interest expense year ended december 31, 2019 versus year ended december 31, 2018
interest expense was $946 million in 2019, compared to $950 million in 2018, a decrease of $4 million, or less than 1 percent. this decrease was primarily due to lower short-term u.s. debt balances, partially offset by higher average short-term u.s. debt interest rates and higher long-term debt balances. in addition, prior year interest expense included a net gain of $27 million related to the extinguishment of certain long-term debt.
year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
interest expense was $950 million in 2018, compared to $853 million in 2017, an increase of $97 million, or 11 percent. this increase was primarily due to the impact of higher short-term u.s. interest rates, partially offset by a net gain of $27 million related to the early extinguishment of certain long-term debt. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - cash flows from financing activities - debt financing" below and note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the company's long-term debt.
equity income (loss) - net year ended december 31, 2019 versus year ended december 31, 2018
equity income (loss) - net represents our company's proportionate share of net income or loss from each of our equity method investees. in 2019, equity income was $1,049 million, compared to equity income of $1,008 million in 2018, an increase of $41 million, or 4 percent. this increase reflects, among other things, the impact of more favorable operating results reported by several of our equity method investees and a decrease in the company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating charges recorded by certain of our equity method investees. these favorable impacts were partially offset by the sale of our equity ownership interest in corporación lindley s.a. ("lindley"), the sale of a portion of our equity ownership interest in embotelladora andina s.a. ("andina"), and the acquisition of a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations, which was previously accounted for as an equity method investee, as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
in 2018, equity income was $1,008 million, compared to equity income of $1,072 million in 2017, a decrease of $64 million, or 6 percent. this decrease reflects, among other things, the dissolution of our beverage partners worldwide joint venture and the consolidation of ccba. in addition, the company recorded net charges of $111 million and $92 million in the line item equity income (loss) - net during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. these amounts represent the company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other income (loss) - net other income (loss) - net includes, among other things, dividend income; rental income; gains and losses related to the disposal of property, plant and equipment; gains and losses related to acquisitions and divestitures; non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and postretirement benefit plans; other benefit plan charges and credits; realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities; realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities; and the impact of foreign currency exchange gains and losses. the foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the result of the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities from certain currencies into functional currencies. the effects of the remeasurement of these assets and liabilities are partially offset by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheet. refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in 2019, other income (loss) - net was income of $34 million. the company recognized a gain of $739 million on the sale of a retail and office building in new york city. the company also recognized a net gain of $250 million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities, a gain of $73 million related to the refranchising of certain bottling operations in india and a gain of $39 million related to the sale of a portion of our equity ownership interest in andina. these gains were partially offset by other-than-temporary impairment charges of $406 million related to coca-cola bottlers japan holdings inc. ("ccbjhi"), an equity method investee, $255 million related to certain equity method investees in the middle east, $57 million related to one of our equity method investees in north america, and $49 million related to one of our equity method investees in latin america. the company also recorded an adjustment to reduce the carrying amount of ccba's fixed assets and definite-lived intangible assets by $160 million and recognized a $118 million net loss in conjunction with our acquisition of the remaining equity ownership interest in chi. additionally, the company recognized net charges of $105 million primarily related to post-closing adjustments as contemplated by the related agreements associated with the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america and charges of $4 million primarily related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain north america bottling partners' territories to a single form of cba with additional requirements. other income (loss) - net also included income of $99 million related to the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost, $62 million of dividend income and net foreign currency exchange losses of $120 million. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the ccba asset adjustment, refranchising activities, the north america conversion payments, the acquisition of the remaining equity ownership interest in chi and the sale of a portion of our equity ownership interest in andina. refer to note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on equity and debt securities. refer to note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the ccba asset adjustment, impairment charges and the loss recognized in conjunction with our acquisition of the remaining equity ownership interest in chi. refer to note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments and corporate.
in 2018, other income (loss) - net was a loss of $1,674 million. the company recorded other-than-temporary impairment charges of $591 million related to certain of our equity method investees, an impairment charge of $554 million related to assets held by ccba and charges of $476 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america. the company also recorded charges of $34 million primarily related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain north america bottling partners' territories to a single form of cba with additional requirements, a net loss of $33 million primarily related to the reversal of the cumulative translation adjustments resulting from the substantial liquidation of the company's former russian juice operations and a $32 million loss related to acquiring a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations. these charges were partially offset by a net gain of $296 million related to the sale of our equity ownership in lindley and a net gain of $47 million related to the refranchising of our latin american bottling operations. other income (loss) - net also included a net loss of $278 million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities, net foreign currency exchange losses of $143 million, charges of $240 million related to pension settlements, income of $228 million related to the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost and $72 million of dividend income. refer to note 1 and note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on equity and debt securities. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on refranchising activities, north america conversion payments, the sale of our equity ownership in lindley and the acquisition of a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations. refer to note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the impairment charges. refer to note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments and corporate.
in 2017, other income (loss) - net was a loss of $1,763 million. the company recognized net charges of $2,140 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america and charges of $313 million primarily related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain north america bottling partners' territories to a single form of cba with additional requirements. the company also recorded net charges of $255 million resulting from special termination benefits and curtailment credits primarily related to north america refranchising and the company's productivity and reinvestment program. additionally, the company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $50 million related to one of our international equity method investees, primarily driven by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the company also incurred a charge of $26 million related to our former german bottling operations. these charges were partially offset by a gain of $445 million related to the integration of coca-cola west co., ltd. ("ccw") and coca-cola east japan co., ltd. ("ccej") to establish ccbjhi. in exchange for our previously existing equity interests in ccw and ccej, we received an approximate 17 percent equity interest in ccbjhi. the company also recognized a gain of $150 million related to the remeasurement of our previously held equity interests in ccba and its south african subsidiary to fair value upon consolidation of ccba. additionally, the company recognized a gain of $88 million related to the refranchising of our china bottling operations and the sale of a related cost method investment and a gain of $25 million as a result of coca-cola femsa, an equity method investee, issuing additional shares of its stock during the period at a per share amount greater than the carrying value of the company's per share investment. other income (loss) - net also included net gains of $88 million related to trading securities and the sale of available-for-sale securities and $71 million of dividend income, partially offset by net foreign currency exchange losses of $56 million. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on refranchising activities, the conversion payments and our consolidation of ccba. refer to note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments and corporate.
income taxes our effective tax rate reflects the tax benefits of having significant operations outside the united states, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the statutory u.s. rate. as a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the company, certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants, including brazil, costa rica, singapore and swaziland. the terms of these grants expire from 2023 to 2036. we anticipate that we will be able to extend or renew the grants in these locations. tax incentive grants favorably impacted our income tax expense by $335 million, $318 million and $221 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. in addition, our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method.
a reconciliation of the statutory u.s. federal tax rate and our effective tax rate is as follows:
year ended december 31,                                                      2019               2018             2017
statutory u.s. federal tax rate                                              21.0   %           21.0   %         35.0   %
state and local income taxes - net of federal benefit                         0.9                1.5              1.1
earnings in jurisdictions taxed at rates different from the statutory u.s.    1.1       1,2,3    3.1       5,6   (9.5   )
federal tax rate equity income or loss                                                        (1.6   )           (2.5   )         (3.3   )
tax reform act                                                                  -                0.1         7   52.4          8
excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation                              (0.9   )           (1.3   )         (1.9   )
other - net                                                                  (3.8   )       4   (0.6   )          7.6       9,10
effective tax rate                                                           16.7   %           21.3   %         81.4   %
1 includes net tax charges of $199 million (or a 1.9 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, in various international jurisdictions, as well as other agreed-upon tax matters.
2 includes the impact of pretax charges of $710 million (or a 1.2 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to the impairment of certain of our equity method investees.
3 includes a tax benefit of $199 million (or a 1.5 percent impact on our effective tax rate) recorded as a result of ccba no longer qualifying as a discontinued operation. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
4 includes a net tax benefit of $184 million (or a 1.7 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, a tax benefit of $145 million (or a 1.4 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to changes in our assessment of certain valuation allowances and a net tax benefit of $89 million (or a 0.8 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to domestic return to provision adjustments as well as other agreed-upon tax matters.
5 includes the impact of pretax charges of $591 million (or a 1.5 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to other-than-temporary impairments of certain of our equity method investees and the impact of a pretax charge of $554 million (or a 1.9 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to an impairment of assets held by ccba. refer to note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
6 includes net tax expense of $28 million on net pretax charges of $403 million (or a 1.4 percent impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to the refranchising of certain foreign bottling operations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
7 includes net tax expense of $8 million (or a 0.1 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to the finalization of our accounting related to the tax reform act.
8 includes net tax expense of $3,610 million primarily related to our reasonable estimate of the one-time transition tax resulting from the tax reform act that was signed into law on december 22, 2017, partially offset by the impact of the lower rate introduced by the tax reform act on our existing deferred tax balances.
9 includes net tax expense of $1,048 million on a pretax gain of $1,037 million (or a 9.9 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to the refranchising of ccr's southwest operating unit ("southwest transaction"), in conjunction with which we obtained an equity interest in ac bebidas, s. de r.l. de c.v. ("ac bebidas"). the company accounts for its interest in ac bebidas as an equity method investment and the net tax expense was primarily the result of the deferred tax recorded on the basis difference in this investment. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
10 includes a $156 million net tax benefit related to the impact of manufacturing incentives and permanent book-to-tax adjustments.
as of december 31, 2019, the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $392 million. if the company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the net effect would be a benefit of $173 million, exclusive of any benefits related to interest and penalties. the remaining $219 million, which was recorded as a deferred tax asset, primarily represents tax benefits that would be received in different tax jurisdictions in the event the company did not prevail on all uncertain tax positions.
a reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                          2019              2018          2017
balance of unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year                        $336              $331          $302
increase related to prior period tax positions                                    204       1        11            18
decrease related to prior period tax positions                                      -                (2   )       (13   )
increase related to current period tax positions                                   29                17            13
decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities                          (174   )   2        (4   )         -
increase (decrease) due to effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes        (3   )           (17   )        11
balance of unrecognized tax benefits at end of year                              $392              $336          $331
1   the increase was primarily related to a change in judgment about the company's tax positions with several foreign jurisdictions.
2 the decrease was primarily related to a change in judgment about one of the company's tax positions that became certain as a result of settlement of a matter in the united states.
57
the company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. the company had $201 million, $190 million and $177 million in interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued as of december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. of these amounts, $11 million, $13 million and $35 million of expense were recognized through income tax expense in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. if the company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the reversal of this accrual would also be a benefit to the company's effective tax rate.
based on current tax laws, the company's effective tax rate in 2020 is expected to be approximately 19.5 percent before considering the potential impact of any significant operating and nonoperating items that may affect our effective tax rate.
liquidity, capital resources and financial position we believe our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities is one of our fundamental financial strengths. refer to the heading "cash flows from operating activities" below. the near-term outlook for our business remains strong, and we expect to generate substantial cash flows from operations in 2020. as a result of our expected cash flows from operations, we have significant flexibility to meet our financial commitments. the company does not typically raise capital through the issuance of stock. instead, we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners' equity. refer to the heading "cash flows from financing activities" below. we have a history of borrowing funds both domestically and internationally at reasonable interest rates, and we expect to be able to do so in the future. the company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. the company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities totaled $11.2 billion as of december 31, 2019. in addition to these funds, our commercial paper program and our ability to issue long-term debt, we had $8.9 billion in lines of credit for general corporate purposes as of december 31, 2019. these backup lines of credit expire at various times from 2020 through 2024.
based on all of the aforementioned factors, the company believes its current liquidity position is strong and will continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for the foreseeable future.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 was $10,471 million, $7,627 million and $7,041 million, respectively.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $2,844 million, or 37 percent, in 2019 compared to 2018. this increase was primarily driven by operating income growth, the acquisition of costa in january 2019, the efficient management of working capital, primarily due to the extension of payment terms with our suppliers, and lower payments related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $586 million, or 8 percent, in 2018 compared to 2017. this increase was primarily driven by operating income growth, the efficient management of working capital and the consolidation of ccba, partially offset by the impact of refranchising bottling operations and higher interest and tax payments. refer to note 12 and note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on interest payments and tax payments, respectively.
cash flows from investing activities net cash provided by (used in) investing activities is summarized as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                                              2019            2018              2017
purchases of investments                                                                          $(4,704   )     $(7,789   )      $(17,296   )
proceeds from disposals of investments                                                              6,973          14,977            16,694
acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities                 (5,542   )      (1,263   )        (3,809   )
proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities         429           1,362             3,821
purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                         (2,054   )      (1,548   )        (1,750   )
proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                                              978             248               108
other investing activities                                                                            (56   )         (60   )           (80   )
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                               $(3,976   )      $5,927           $(2,312   )
purchases of investments and proceeds from disposals of investments purchases of investments and proceeds from disposals of investments resulted in net cash inflows of $2,269 million and $7,188 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively, and a net cash outflow of $602 million in 2017. the investments purchased in all three years include time deposits that had maturities greater than three months but less than one year and were classified in the line item short-term investments in our consolidated balance sheets. the remaining activity primarily represents the purchases of, and proceeds from the disposals of, short-term investments that were made as part of the company's overall cash management strategy as well as our insurance captive investments.
acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in 2019, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $5,542 million, which primarily related to the acquisitions of costa and the remaining interest in chi. during 2019, the company also acquired controlling interests in bottling operations in zambia, kenya, and eswatini.
in 2018, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $1,263 million, which was primarily related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations and an equity interest in ba sports nutrition, llc ("bodyarmor"). additionally, the company acquired additional ownership interests in the company's franchise bottlers in the united arab emirates and in oman, both of which were previously equity method investees of the company. as a result of the additional interest acquired in the oman bottler, we obtained a controlling interest, resulting in its consolidation. during 2018, the company also acquired controlling interests in bottling operations in zambia and botswana.
in 2017, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $3,809 million, which was primarily related to the transition of abi's controlling interest in ccba to the company for $3,150 million. additionally, in conjunction with the southwest transaction, we obtained an equity interest in ac bebidas. the remaining activity was primarily related to the acquisition of ades, a plant-based beverage business, by the company and several of its bottling partners in latin america, and the acquisition of the u.s. rights to the topo chico premium sparkling water brand from ac bebidas, an equity method investee.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in 2019, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were $429 million, primarily related to the sale of a portion of our equity method investment in andina and the refranchising of certain of our bottling operations in india.
in 2018, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were $1,362 million, primarily related to the proceeds from the refranchising of our canadian and latin american bottling operations as well as the the sale of our equity ownership in lindley.
in 2017, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were $3,821 million, primarily related to proceeds from the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america and the refranchising of our china bottling operations and related cost method investment.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our disposals during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
purchases of property, plant and equipment purchases of property, plant and equipment for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $2,054 million, $1,548 million and $1,750 million, respectively.
total capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment and the percentage of such totals by operating segment and corporate were as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                 2019                2018                2017
capital expenditures                  $2,054              $1,548              $1,750
europe, middle east &amp; africa         5.2   %             4.3   %             4.4   %
latin america                            6.8                 5.8                 3.1
north america                           19.1                27.7                30.9
asia pacific                             2.3                 2.0                 2.9
global ventures                         10.2                 0.7                 0.2
bottling investments                    40.7                33.4                42.1
corporate                               15.7                26.1                16.4
we expect our full year 2020 capital expenditures to be approximately $2.0 billion.
cash flows from financing activities net cash provided by (used in) financing activities is summarized as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                    2019       2018                  2017
issuances of debt                                       $23,009               $27,605             $29,926
payments of debt                                        (24,850   )           (30,600   )         (28,871   )
issuances of stock                                        1,012                 1,476               1,595
purchases of stock for treasury                          (1,103   )            (1,912   )          (3,682   )
dividends                                                (6,845   )            (6,644   )          (6,320   )
other financing activities                                 (227   )              (272   )             (95   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities     $(9,004   )          $(10,347   )         $(7,447   )
debt financing our company maintains debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flows, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. this exposes us to adverse changes in interest rates. our interest expense may also be affected by our credit ratings.
as of december 31, 2019, our long-term debt was rated "a+" by standard & poor's and "a1" by moody's. our commercial paper program was rated "a-1" by standard & poor's and "p-1" by moody's. in assessing our credit strength, both rating agencies consider our capital structure (including the amount and maturity dates of our debt) and financial policies as well as the consolidated balance sheet and other financial information of the company. in addition, certain rating agencies also consider the financial information of certain bottlers, including ccep, coca-cola amatil limited, coca-cola consolidated, inc., coca-cola femsa and coca-cola hellenic. while the company has no legal obligation for the debt of these bottlers, the rating agencies believe the strategic importance of the bottlers to the company's business model provides the company with an incentive to keep these bottlers viable. it is our expectation that these rating agencies will continue using this methodology. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, our major bottlers' financial performance, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength, or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. additionally, if certain bottlers' credit ratings were to decline, the company's equity income could be reduced as a result of the potential increase in interest expense for those bottlers.
we monitor our financial ratios and, as indicated above, the rating agencies consider these ratios in assessing our credit ratings. each rating agency employs a different aggregation methodology and has different thresholds for the various financial ratios. these thresholds are not necessarily permanent, nor are they always fully disclosed to our company.
our global presence and strong capital position give us access to key financial markets around the world, enabling us to raise funds at a low effective cost. this posture, coupled with active management of our mix of short-term and long-term debt and our mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, results in a lower overall cost of borrowing. our debt management policies, in conjunction with our share repurchase program and investment activity, can result in current liabilities exceeding current assets.
issuances and payments of debt included both short-term and long-term financing activities. in 2019, the company had issuances of debt of $23,009 million, which included $16,842 million of issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and long-term debt issuances of $6,167 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs.
during 2019, the company made payments of debt of $24,850 million, which included $17,577 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and $2,244 million net issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less. the company's total payments of long-term debt were $5,029 million.
in 2018, the company had issuances of debt of $27,605 million, which primarily included $24,510 million of issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and $3,093 million of net issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less.
during 2018, the company made payments of debt of $30,600 million, which included $27,281 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. the company's total payments of long-term debt were $3,319 million.
in 2017, the company had issuances of debt of $29,926 million, which included issuances of $26,287 million of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and long-term debt issuances of $3,639 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs.
during 2017, the company made payments of debt of $28,871 million, which included $636 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less and $24,259 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. the company's total payments of long-term debt were $3,976 million. the long-term debt payments included the early extinguishment of long-term debt with a carrying value of $417 million, a portion of which was assumed in connection with our acquisition of coca-cola enterprises inc.'s former north america business.
issuances of stock the issuances of stock in 2019, 2018 and 2017 were related to the exercise of stock options by company employees.
share repurchases in 2012, the board of directors authorized a share repurchase plan of up to 500 million shares of the company's common stock. in 2019, our board of directors authorized a new plan for the company to purchase up to an additional 150 million shares of our common stock. the following table presents annual shares repurchased and average price per share:
year ended december 31,                           2019            2018            2017
number of shares repurchased (in millions)          21              39              82
average price per share                         $48.86          $45.09          $44.09
since the inception of our share repurchase program in 1984 through december 31, 2019, we have purchased 3.5 billion shares of our common stock at an average price per share of $17.25. in addition to shares repurchased under the share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors, the company's treasury stock activity also includes shares surrendered to the company to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. in 2019, we repurchased $1.1 billion of our stock. the net impact of the company's treasury stock issuance and purchase activities in 2019 resulted in a net cash outflow of $0.1 billion. after investing for growth and paying dividends, we intend to use excess cash to repurchase shares over time.
dividends the company paid dividends of $6,845 million, $6,644 million and $6,320 million during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
at its february 2020 meeting, our board of directors increased our regular quarterly dividend to $0.41 per share, equivalent to a full year dividend of $1.64 per share in 2020. this is our 58th consecutive annual increase. our annualized common stock dividend was $1.60 per share, $1.56 per share and $1.48 per share in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
61
off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with the definition under sec rules, the following qualify as off-balance sheet arrangements:
•   any obligation under certain guarantee contracts;
•   a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to that entity for such assets;
•   any obligation under certain derivative instruments; and
•   any obligation arising out of a material variable interest held by the registrant in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to the registrant, or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with the registrant.
as of december 31, 2019, we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $621 million, of which $249 million was related to vies. these guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers, bottlers, vendors and container manufacturing operations and have arisen through the normal course of business. these guarantees have various terms, and none of these guarantees is individually significant. these amounts represent the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees. however, management has concluded that the likelihood of any significant amounts being paid by our company under these guarantees is not probable. as of december 31, 2019, we were not directly liable for the debt of any unconsolidated entity, and we did not have any retained or contingent interest in assets as defined above.
our company recognizes all derivatives as either assets or liabilities at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
aggregate contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019, the company's contractual obligations, including payments due by period, were as follows (in millions):
payments due by period total            2020         2021-2022         2023-2024          2025 andthereafter short-term loans and notes payable:1
commercial paper borrowings                         $10,007         $10,007                $-                $-                          $-
lines of credit and other short-term borrowings         987             987                 -                 -                           -
current maturities of long-term debt2                 4,255           4,255                 -                 -                           -
long-term debt, net of current maturities            27,017               -             7,507             6,035                      13,475
estimated interest payments                           3,613             475               733               512                       1,893
accrued income taxes4                                 4,143             414               838             1,686                       1,205
purchase obligations                                 16,100          10,008             1,450             1,008                       3,634
marketing obligations                                 5,015           2,404             1,090               625                         896
lease obligations                                     1,710             326               533               366                         485
total contractual obligations                       $72,847         $28,876           $12,151           $10,232                     $21,588
1   refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding short-term loans and notes payable. upon payment of outstanding commercial paper, we typically issue new commercial paper. lines of credit and other short-term borrowings are expected to fluctuate depending upon current liquidity needs, especially at international subsidiaries.
2   refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding long-term debt. we will consider several alternatives to settle this long-term debt, including the use of cash flows from operating activities, issuance of commercial paper or issuance of other long-term debt. the table above shows expected cash payments to be made by the company in future periods and excludes the noncash portion of debt, including any fair market value adjustments, unamortized discounts and premiums.
3   we calculated estimated interest payments for our long-term debt based on the applicable rates and payment dates. for our variable-rate debt, we have assumed the december 31, 2019 rate for all years presented. we typically expect to settle such interest payments with cash flows from operating activities and/or short-term borrowings.
4   refer to note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding income taxes. accrued income taxes include $3,986 million related to the one-time transition tax required by the tax reform act. liabilities of $584 million for unrecognized tax benefits plus accrued interest and penalties were not included in the total above. at this time, the settlement period for the unrecognized tax benefits cannot be determined. in addition, any payments related to unrecognized tax benefits may be partially or fully offset by reductions in payments in other jurisdictions.
5   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including long-term contractual obligations, open purchase orders, accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities. we expect to fund these obligations with cash flows from operating activities.
6   we expect to fund these marketing obligations with cash flows from operating activities.
the total accrued benefit liability for pension and other postretirement benefit plans recognized as of december 31, 2019 was $2,093 million. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this amount is impacted by, among other items, net periodic benefit cost, funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and the investment return on plan assets. because the accrued liability does not represent expected liquidity needs, we did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.
we generally expect to fund all future pension contributions with cash flows from operating activities. our international pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and income tax regulations. the company expects to contribute $28 million in 2020 to our global pension plans, all of which will be allocated to our international plans. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we did not include our estimated contributions to our pension plans in the table above.
as of december 31, 2019, the projected benefit obligation of the u.s. qualified pension plans was $5,623 million, and the fair value of the related plan assets was $5,149 million. the projected benefit obligation of all pension plans other than the u.s. qualified pension plans was $3,134 million, and the fair value of the related plan assets was $2,931 million. the majority of this underfunding is attributable to an international pension plan for certain non-u.s. employees that is unfunded due to tax law restrictions, as well as certain unfunded u.s. nonqualified pension plans. these u.s. nonqualified pension plans provide, for certain associates, benefits that are not permitted to be funded through a qualified plan because of limits imposed by the internal revenue code of 1986. the expected benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans are not included in the table above. however, we anticipate annual benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans to be $67 million in 2020, increasing to $69 million by 2025 and then decreasing annually thereafter. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in general, we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however, we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the company's risk of catastrophic loss. our reserves for the company's self-insured losses are estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claim history. as of december 31, 2019, our self-insurance reserves totaled $301 million. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we did not include estimated payments related to our self-insurance reserves in the table above.
deferred income tax liabilities as of december 31, 2019 were $2,284 million. refer to note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this amount is not included in the total contractual obligations table because we believe that presentation would not be meaningful. deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases, which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the liabilities are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. the results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future periods. as a result, scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments due by period could be misleading, because this scheduling would not relate to liquidity needs.
additionally, in january 2020, the company acquired the remaining 57.5 percent stake in fairlife, llc for $1.0 billion, which is not included in the table above. refer to note 23 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
foreign exchange our international operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks, including currency fluctuations and governmental actions. we closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to changing economic and political environments as well as to fluctuations in foreign currencies.
in 2019, we used 70 functional currencies in addition to the u.s. dollar. due to the geographic diversity of our operations, weakness in some of these currencies may be offset by strength in others. in 2019 and 2018, the weighted-average exchange rates for foreign currencies in which the company conducted operations (all operating currencies), and for certain individual currencies, strengthened (weakened) against the u.s. dollar as follows:
year ended december 31,    2019        2018
all operating currencies     (5   )%         (1   )%
australian dollar            (7   )%         (2   )%
brazilian real              (10   )         (12   )
british pound sterling       (4   )
euro                         (5   )
japanese yen mexican peso                 (1   )          (2   )
south african rand          (10   )
these percentages do not include the effects of our hedging activities and, therefore, do not reflect the actual impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our operating results. our foreign currency management program is designed to mitigate, over time, a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate changes on our net income and earnings per share.
the total currency impact on net operating revenues, including the effect of our hedging activities, was a decrease of 4 percent and 1 percent in 2019 and 2018, respectively. the total currency impact on income before income taxes, including the effect of our hedging activities, was a decrease of 10 percent and 7 percent in 2019 and 2018, respectively.
foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the result of the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities from certain currencies into functional currencies. the effects of the remeasurement of these assets and liabilities are partially offset by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheet. refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements. foreign currency exchange gains and losses are included as a component of other income (loss) - net in our consolidated statement of income. refer to the heading "operations review - other income (loss) - net" above. the company recorded net foreign currency exchange losses of $120 million, $143 million and $56 million during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
hyperinflationary economies a hyperinflationary economy is one that has cumulative inflation of 100 percent or more over a three-year period. in accordance with u.s. gaap, local subsidiaries in hyperinflationary economies are required to use the u.s. dollar as their functional currency and remeasure the monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in u.s. dollars using the rate applicable to conversion of a currency for purposes of dividend remittances. all exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement are recognized currently in income.
venezuela has been designated as a hyperinflationary economy. we have certain u.s. dollar-denominated intangible assets associated with products sold in venezuela. as a result of weaker sales, the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates resulting from continued instability and the company's revised expectations regarding the convertibility of the local currency, we recognized an impairment charge of $34 million during the year ended december 31, 2017, which was recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income. as a result of the impairment charge, the remaining carrying value of all u.s. dollar-denominated intangible assets associated with products sold in venezuela is zero.
impact of inflation and changing prices inflation affects the way we operate in many markets around the world. in general, we believe that, over time, we will be able to increase prices to counteract the majority of the inflationary effects of increasing costs and to generate sufficient cash flows to maintain our productive capability.
64
