item 1a. risk factors.
our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties could lead to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or equity and/or the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or equity of one or more of our subsidiaries. we have described below the most significant risks facing us and our subsidiaries. there may be additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we do not currently perceive to be as significant that may also impact our business or the businesses of our subsidiaries.
you should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included in this report and any subsequent reports we may file with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") and the information we make available to the public before investing in any securities issued by us. our subsidiaries, cna financial corporation, diamond offshore drilling, inc. and boardwalk pipeline partners, lp, also file reports with the sec. you are also cautioned to carefully review and consider the information contained in the reports filed by those subsidiaries with the sec and the information they make available to the public before investing in any of their securities.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, cna if cna determines that its recorded insurance reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, cna may need to increase its insurance reserves which would result in a charge to cna's earnings.
cna maintains insurance reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for reported and unreported claims. insurance reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex management estimates developed utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques as of a given reporting date. the reserve estimation process involves a high degree of judgment and variability and is subject to a number of factors which are highly uncertain. these variables can be affected by both changes in internal processes and external events. key variables include frequency of claims, claim severity, mortality, morbidity, discount rates, inflation, claim handling policies and procedures, case reserving approach, underwriting and pricing policies, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. mortality is the relative incidence of death. morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted.
there is generally a higher degree of variability in estimating required reserves for long-tail coverages, such as general liability and workers' compensation, as they require a relatively longer period of time for claims to be reported and settled. the impact of changes in inflation and medical costs are also more pronounced for long-tail coverages due to the longer settlement period. certain risks and uncertainties associated with cna's insurance reserves are outlined in the insurance reserves and critical accounting estimates sections of md&a in item 7.
cna is subject to the uncertain effects of emerging or potential claims and coverage issues that arise as industry practices and legal, judicial, social, economic and other environmental conditions change. these issues have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on cna's business by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further increases in cna's reserves. the effects of unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely difficult to predict.
in light of the many uncertainties associated with establishing the estimates and making the judgments necessary to establish reserve levels, cna continually reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a regular and ongoing process as experience develops from the actual reporting and settlement of claims and as the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. if cna's recorded reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in reserves would be recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. these charges could be substantial.
16
cna's actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine active life reserves for long term care policies.
cna's active life reserves for long term care policies are based on cna's best estimate assumptions as of september 30, 2019, due to a reserve unlocking at that date. key assumptions include morbidity, persistency (the percentage of policies remaining in force), discount rate and future premium rate increases. these assumptions, which are critical bases for its reserve estimates are inherently uncertain. if actual experience varies from these assumptions or the future outlook for these assumptions changes, cna may be required to increase its reserves. see the long term care policyholder reserves portion of the insurance reserves section of md&a in item 7 for more information.
estimating future experience for long term care policies is highly uncertain, because the adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and cna's future expectations related to these key assumptions. if actual or expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring cna to add reserves. the required increase in reserves would be recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. these charges could be substantial.
morbidity and persistency experience, inclusive of mortality, can be volatile and may be negatively affected by many factors including, but not limited to, policyholder behavior, judicial decisions regarding policy terms, socioeconomic factors, cost of care inflation, changes in health trends and advances in medical care.
a prolonged period during which interest rates remain at levels lower than those anticipated in cna's reserving would result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting cna's obligations under long term care policies, which may require changes to its reserves. this risk is more significant for cna's long term care products because the long potential duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. further, changes to the internal revenue code may also affect the rate at which cna discounts its reserves. in addition, cna may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests. any adverse deviation between the level of future premium rate increases approved and the level included in cna's reserving assumptions may require an increase to its reserves.
cna is vulnerable to material losses from natural and man-made disasters.
catastrophe losses are an inevitable part of cna's business. various events can cause catastrophe losses. these events can be natural or man-made, and may include hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil commotion, cyber attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism. the frequency and severity of these catastrophe events are inherently unpredictable. in addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types of catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, a phenomenon that has been associated with extreme weather events linked to rising temperatures, and includes effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, hail and snow.
the extent of cna's losses from catastrophes is a function of the total amount of its insured exposures in the affected areas, the frequency and severity of the events themselves, the level of reinsurance coverage, reinsurance reinstatement premiums and state residual market assessments, if any. it can take a long time for the ultimate cost of any catastrophe losses to cna to be finally determined, as a multitude of factors contribute to such costs, including evaluation of general liability and pollution exposures, infrastructure disruption, business interruption and reinsurance collectibility. reinsurance coverage for terrorism events is provided only in limited circumstances, especially in regard to "unconventional" terrorism acts, such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks. cna's principal reinsurance protection against these large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through tripra through december 31, 2027. however, such coverage is subject to a mandatory deductible and other limitations. it is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect cna's business by increasing its exposure to terrorism losses, or by lowering its business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. for a further discussion of tripra, see part ii, item 7, md&a - catastrophes and related reinsurance. as a result of the items discussed above, catastrophe losses are particularly difficult to estimate. additionally, catastrophic events could cause cna to exhaust its available reinsurance limits and could adversely affect the cost and availability of reinsurance.
17
cna has exposure related to a&ep claims, which could result in material losses.
cna's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposures related to a&ep claims. cna's experience has been that establishing claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for casualty coverages relating to a&ep claims is subject to uncertainties that are greater than those presented by other claims. additionally, traditional actuarial methods and techniques employed to estimate the ultimate cost of claims for more traditional property and casualty exposures are less precise in estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for a&ep. as a result, estimating the ultimate cost of both reported and unreported a&ep claims is subject to a higher degree of variability.
on august 31, 2010, cna completed a retroactive reinsurance transaction under which substantially all of its legacy a&ep liabilities were ceded to national indemnity company ("nico"), a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc., subject to an aggregate limit of $4.0 billion ("loss portfolio transfer" or "lpt"). the cumulative amount ceded under the loss portfolio transfer as of december 31, 2019 is $3.2 billion. if the other parties to the loss portfolio transfer do not fully perform their obligations, net losses incurred on a&ep claims covered by the loss portfolio transfer exceed the aggregate limit of $4.0 billion or cna determines it has exposures to a&ep claims not covered by the loss portfolio transfer, cna may need to increase its recorded net reserves which would result in a charge against earnings. these charges could be substantial. additionally, if the a&ep claims exceed the limit of the loss portfolio transfer, cna will need to assess whether to purchase additional limit or to reassume claim handling responsibility for a&ep claims from an affiliate of nico. any additional reinsurance premium or future claim handling costs would also reduce cna's earnings.
cna is exposed to, and may face adverse developments related to, mass tort claims that could arise from its insureds' sale or use of potentially harmful products or substances, changes to the social and legal environment, issues related to altered interpretation of coverage and other new and emerging claim theories.
cna faces potential exposure to various types of new and emerging mass tort claims including, but not limited to, those related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances such as glyphosate, lead paint and opioids; claims arising from changes that expand the right to sue, remove limitations on recovery, extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise repeal or weaken tort reforms, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes; and claims related to new and emerging theories of liability, such as those related to global warming and climate change. evolving judicial interpretations and new legislation regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liability, as well as the application of insurance coverage to these claims, give rise to new claimant activity. emerging mass tort claim activity, including activity based on such changing judicial interpretations and recent and proposed legislation could materially and adversely affect cna's results of operations.
cna uses analytical models to assist its decision making in key areas such as pricing, reserving and capital modeling and may be adversely affected if actual results differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.
cna uses various modeling techniques and data analytics (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with its assets and liabilities. this includes both proprietary and third party modeled outputs and related analyses to assist cna in decision-making related to underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investing, reinsurance and catastrophe risk, among other things. cna incorporates numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of policyholder behavior, loss frequency and severity, interest rates, equity markets, inflation, capital requirements, and currency exchange rates, among others. the modeled outputs and related analyses from both proprietary models and third parties are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model design errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis.
in addition, the effectiveness of any model can be degraded by operational risks including, but not limited to, the improper use of the model, including input errors, data errors and human error. as a result, actual results may differ materially from cna's modeled results. the profitability and financial condition of cna substantially depends on the extent to which its actual experience is consistent with the assumptions cna uses in its models and ultimate model outputs. if, based upon these models or other factors, cna misprices its products or fails to appropriately estimate the risks it is exposed to, its business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity may be materially adversely affected.
18
cna faces intense competition in its industry.
all aspects of the insurance industry are highly competitive and cna must continuously allocate resources to refine and improve its insurance products and services to remain competitive. cna competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies and other entities, some of which may be larger or have greater financial or other resources than cna does, for both distributors and customers. this includes agents, brokers and managing general underwriters who may increasingly compete with cna to the extent that they continue to have direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk. insurers compete on the basis of many factors, including products, price, services, ratings and financial strength. the competitor landscape has evolved substantially in recent years, with significant consolidation and new market entrants, resulting in increased pressures on cna's ability to remain competitive, particularly in obtaining pricing that is both attractive to cna's customer base and risk appropriate to cna.
the property and casualty market is cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, resulting in less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. during periods in which price competition is high, cna may lose business to competitors offering competitive insurance products at lower prices. as a result, cna's premium levels and expense ratio could be materially adversely impacted.
cna markets its insurance products worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance brokers and managing general underwriters who also promote and distribute the products of cna's competitors. any change in cna's relationships with its distribution network agents, brokers or managing general underwriters including as a result of consolidation and their increased promotion and distribution of cna's competitors' products, could adversely affect cna's ability to sell its products. as a result, cna's business volume and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted.
cna may be adversely affected by technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace.
technological changes in the way insurance transactions are completed in the marketplace, and cna's ability to react effectively to such change, may present significant competitive risks. for example, more insurers are utilizing "big data" analytics to make underwriting and other decisions that impact product design and pricing. if such utilization is more effective than how cna uses similar data and information, cna will be at a competitive disadvantage. there can be no assurance that cna will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes; accordingly this may have a material adverse effect on cna's business and results of operations.
in addition, agents and brokers, technology companies or other third parties may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. for example, they may create a digitally enabled distribution channel that may adversely impact cna's competitive position. cna's efforts or the efforts of agents and brokers with respect to new products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize greater levels of data and technology, could adversely impact cna's business relationships with independent agents and brokers who currently market its products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources.
cna may not be able to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, which could result in increased exposure to risk or a decrease in cna's underwriting commitments.
a primary reason cna purchases reinsurance is to manage its exposure to risk. under cna's ceded reinsurance arrangements, another insurer assumes a specified portion of cna's exposure in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. market conditions determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection cna purchases, which affects the level of its business and profitability, as well as the level and types of risk cna retains. if cna is unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, cna may have increased exposure to risk. alternatively, cna may be unwilling to bear the increased risk and would reduce the level of its underwriting commitments.
19
cna may not be able to collect amounts owed to it by reinsurers, which could result in higher net incurred losses.
cna has significant amounts recoverable from reinsurers which are reported as receivables on its balance sheets and are estimated in a manner consistent with claim and claim adjustment expense reserves or future policy benefit reserves. the ceding of insurance does not, however, discharge cna's primary liability for claims. as a result, cna is subject to credit risk relating to its ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. certain of cna's reinsurance carriers could experience credit downgrades by rating agencies within the term of cna's contractual relationship, which would indicate an increase in the likelihood that cna would not be able to recover amounts due. in addition, reinsurers could dispute amounts which cna believes are due to it. if the amounts collected from reinsurers, including any collateral, are less than the amounts recorded by cna, its net incurred losses will be higher.
cna may not be able to collect amounts owed to it by policyholders who hold deductible policies and/or who purchase retrospectively rated policies, which could result in higher net incurred losses.
a portion of cna's business is written under deductible policies. under these policies, cna is obligated to pay the related insurance claims and is reimbursed by the policyholder to the extent of the deductible, which may be significant. moreover, certain policyholders purchase retrospectively rated workers' compensation policies (i.e., policies in which premiums are adjusted after the policy period based on the actual loss experience of the policyholder during the policy period). retrospectively rated policies expose cna to additional credit risk to the extent that the adjusted premium is greater than the original premium, which may be significant. as a result, cna is exposed to policyholder credit risk. if the amounts collected from policyholders, including any collateral, are less than the amounts recorded by cna, cna's net incurred losses will be higher.
cna may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial markets.
cna's investment portfolio is exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, credit spread, issuer default, equity prices and foreign currency, which are unpredictable. financial markets are highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, monetary policies, tax policies, domestic and international geopolitical issues and many other factors. changes in financial markets including fluctuations in interest rates, credit, equity prices and foreign currency prices, and many other factors beyond cna's control can adversely affect the value of its investments, the realization of investment income and the rate at which it discounts certain liabilities.
cna has significant holdings in fixed maturity investments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. a decline in interest rates may reduce the returns earned on new fixed maturity investments, thereby reducing cna's net investment income, while an increase in interest rates may reduce the value of its existing fixed maturity investments, which could reduce cna's net unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"). the value of cna's fixed maturity investments is also subject to risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of issuers of the investments cna holds or in the underlying collateral of the security.
in addition, cna invests a portion of its assets in limited partnerships which are subject to greater market volatility than its fixed maturity investments. limited partnership investments generally provide a lower level of liquidity than fixed maturity or equity investments, which may also limit cna's ability to withdraw funds from these investments. the timing and amount of income or losses on such investments is inherently variable and can contribute to volatility in reported earnings.
further, cna holds a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans. cna is subject to risk related to the recoverability of loan balances, which is influenced by declines in the estimated cash flows from underlying property leases, fair value of collateral, refinancing risk and the creditworthiness of tenants of the underlying properties, where lease payments directly service the loan. collecting amounts from borrowers that are less than the amounts recorded would result in a charge to earnings.
as a result of these factors, cna may not earn an adequate return on its investments, may be required to write down the value of its investments and may incur losses on the disposition of its investments, all of which would result in a charge to cna's earnings.
20
inability to detect and prevent significant employee or third party service provider misconduct, inadvertent errors and omissions, or exposure relating to functions performed on cna's behalf could result in a material adverse effect on cna's operations.
cna may incur losses which arise from employees or third party service providers engaging in intentional misconduct, fraud, errors and omissions, failure to comply with internal guidelines, including with respect to underwriting authority, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. cna's controls may not be able to detect all possible circumstances of employee and third party service provider non-compliant activity and the internal structures in place to prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. any losses relating to such non-compliant activity could adversely affect cna's results of operations.
portions of cna's insurance business is underwritten and serviced by third parties. with respect to underwriting, cna's contractual arrangements with third parties will typically grant them limited rights to write new and renewal policies, subject to contractual restrictions and obligations and requiring them to underwrite within the terms of cna's licenses. should these third parties issue policies that exceed these contractual restrictions, cna could be deemed liable for such policies and subject to regulatory fines and penalties for any breach of licensing requirements. it is possible that in such circumstance cna might not be fully indemnified for such third parties' contractual breaches.
additionally, cna relies on certain third-party claims administrators, including the administrators of its long term care claims, to perform significant claim administration and claim adjudication functions. any failure by such administrator to properly perform service functions may result in losses as a result of over-payment of claims, legal claims against cna and adverse regulatory enforcement exposure. cna has also licensed certain systems from third parties. cna cannot be certain that it will have access to these systems or that its information technology or application systems will continue to operate as intended. these risks could adversely impact cna's reputation or client relationships or have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.
cna is subject to capital adequacy requirements and, if it is unable to maintain or raise sufficient capital to meet these requirements, regulatory agencies may restrict or prohibit cna from operating its business.
insurance companies such as cna are subject to capital adequacy standards set by regulators to help identify companies that merit further regulatory attention. in the u.s., these standards apply specified risk factors to various asset, premium and reserve components of cna's legal entity statutory basis of accounting financial statements. current rules, including those promulgated by insurance regulators and specialized markets such as lloyd's, require companies to maintain statutory capital and surplus at a specified minimum level determined using the applicable jurisdiction's regulatory capital adequacy formula. if cna does not meet these minimum requirements, cna may be restricted or prohibited from operating its business in the applicable jurisdictions and specialized markets. if cna is required to record a material charge against earnings in connection with a change in estimated insurance reserves, the occurrence of a catastrophic event or if it incurs significant losses related to its investment portfolio, which severely deteriorates its capital position, cna may violate these minimum capital adequacy requirements unless it is able to raise sufficient additional capital. cna may be limited in its ability to raise significant amounts of capital on favorable terms or at all.
the iais recently adopted a common framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups and continues to develop a group basis insurance capital standard ("ics"). the naic is also developing a group capital standard that is intended to be comparable to the ics. the development and adoption of these capital standards could increase cna's prescribed capital requirement, the level at which regulatory scrutiny intensifies, as well as significantly increase its cost of regulatory compliance.
cna's insurance subsidiaries, upon whom cna depends for dividends in order to fund its corporate obligations, are limited by insurance regulators in their ability to pay dividends.
cna is a holding company and is dependent upon dividends, loans and other sources of cash from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations. ordinary dividend payments or dividends that do not require prior approval by the insurance subsidiaries' domiciliary insurance regulator are generally limited to amounts determined by formulas that vary by jurisdiction. if cna is restricted from paying or receiving intercompany dividends, by regulatory rule or otherwise, cna may not be able to fund its corporate obligations and debt service requirements or pay stockholder
21
dividends from available cash. as a result, cna would need to look to other sources of capital which may be more expensive or may not be available at all.
rating agencies may downgrade their ratings of cna and thereby adversely affect its ability to write insurance at competitive rates or at all.
ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. cna's insurance company subsidiaries, as well as cna's public debt, are rated by rating agencies, including, a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's") and s&p global ratings ("s&p"). ratings reflect the rating agency's opinions of an insurance company's or insurance holding company's financial strength, capital adequacy, enterprise risk management practices, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet its obligations to policyholders and debt holders.
the rating agencies may take action to lower cna's ratings in the future as a result of any significant financial loss or possible changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. the severity of the impact on cna's business is dependent on the level of downgrade and, for certain products, which rating agency takes the rating action. among the adverse effects in the event of such downgrades would be the inability to obtain a material volume of business from certain major insurance brokers, the inability to sell a material volume of cna's insurance products to certain markets and the required collateralization of certain future payment obligations or reserves.
in addition, it is possible that a significant lowering of our corporate debt ratings by certain of the rating agencies could result in an adverse effect on cna's ratings, independent of any change in cna's circumstances.
cna is subject to extensive regulations that restrict its ability to do business and generate revenues.
the insurance industry is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulation and supervision. most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of cna's policyholders and third-party claimants rather than its investors. each jurisdiction in which cna does business has established supervisory agencies that regulate the manner in which cna conducts its business. any changes in regulation could impose significant burdens on cna. in addition, the lloyd's marketplace sets rules under which its members, including cna's hardy syndicate, operate.
these rules and regulations relate to, among other things, the standards of solvency (including risk-based capital measures), government-supported backstops for certain catastrophic events (including terrorism), investment restrictions, accounting and reporting methodology, establishment of reserves and potential assessments of funds to settle covered claims against impaired, insolvent or failed private or quasi-governmental insurers.
regulatory powers also extend to premium rate regulations which require that rates not be excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. state jurisdictions ensure compliance with such regulations through market conduct exams, which may result in losses to the extent non-compliance is ascertained, either as a result of failure to document transactions properly or failure to comply with internal guidelines, or otherwise. cna may also be required by the jurisdictions in which it does business to provide coverage to persons who would not otherwise be considered eligible or restrict cna from withdrawing from unprofitable lines of business or unprofitable market areas. each jurisdiction dictates the types of insurance and the level of coverage that must be provided to such involuntary risks. cna's share of these involuntary risks is mandatory and generally a function of its respective share of the voluntary market by line of insurance in each jurisdiction.
the united kingdom's expected exit from the european union is expected to increase the complexity and cost of regulatory compliance of cna's european business.
in 2016, the u.k. approved an exit from the e.u., commonly referred to as "brexit." while the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. was official as of january 31, 2020, until the transition period ends, there remains a lack of specificity and detail regarding the long term relationship between the two sides and how businesses operating in both jurisdictions may be affected. in any event, effective january 1, 2019, cna's e.u. business is no longer handled out of cna's u.k. domiciled subsidiary but through its european subsidiary in luxembourg which was established specifically to address the departure of the u.k. from the e.u. and to ensure cna's ability to operate effectively throughout the e.u. as a result, the complexity and cost of regulatory compliance of its european business has increased and will likely continue to result in elevated expenses.
22
risks related to us and our subsidiary, diamond offshore the current protracted downturn in diamond offshore's industry may continue for several more years and it cannot predict if or when it will end.
over the past several years, crude oil prices have been volatile, reaching a high of $115 per barrel in 2014, declining to $55 per barrel by the end of 2014 and reaching a low of $28 per barrel during 2016. oil prices recovered to nearly $57 per barrel by the end of 2016 and have continued to fluctuate. as of the date of this report, brent crude oil prices were in the mid $50 per barrel range, having started 2020 in the mid-to-upper $60 per barrel range. as a result of, among other things, this continued volatility in commodity price and its uncertain future, the offshore drilling industry has experienced, and is continuing to experience, a substantial decline in demand for its services, as well as a significant decline in dayrates for contract drilling services. the decline in demand for diamond offshore's contract drilling services and the dayrates for those services has had, and if the industry downturn continues, will continue to have, a material adverse effect on its business. the protracted downturn in diamond offshore's industry will exacerbate many of the other risks included below and other risks that it faces, and diamond offshore cannot predict if or when the downturn will end.
the worldwide demand for diamond offshore's drilling services has historically been dependent on the price of oil and, as a result of low oil prices, demand has continued to be depressed in 2019, and there continues a protracted downturn in its industry.
demand for diamond offshore's drilling services depends in large part upon the oil and natural gas industry's offshore exploration and production activity and expenditure levels, which are directly affected by oil and gas prices and market expectations of potential changes in oil and gas prices. beginning in the second half of 2014, oil prices declined significantly, resulting in a sharp decline in the demand for offshore drilling services, including services that diamond offshore provides, and materially adversely affecting diamond offshore's operations and cash flows compared to years before the decline. the continuation of low oil prices would make more severe the downturn in diamond offshore's industry and would continue to materially adversely affect many of its customers and, therefore, demand for its services and on its business.
oil prices have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond diamond offshore's control.
although, historically, higher sustained commodity prices have generally resulted in increases in offshore drilling projects, short term or temporary increases in the price of oil and gas will not necessarily result in an increase in offshore drilling activity or an increase in the market demand for diamond offshore's rigs. the timing of commitment to offshore activity in a cycle depends on project deployment times, reserve replacement needs, availability of capital and alternative options for resource development, among other things. timing can also be affected by availability, access to, and cost of equipment to perform work.
diamond offshore's business depends on the level of activity in the offshore oil and gas industry, which has been cyclical, is currently in a protracted downturn and is significantly affected by many factors outside of its control.
demand for diamond offshore's drilling services depends upon the level of offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production in markets worldwide, and those activities depend in large part on oil and gas prices, worldwide demand for oil and gas and a variety of political and economic factors. the level of offshore drilling activity is adversely affected when operators reduce or defer new investment in offshore projects, reduce or suspend their drilling budgets or reallocate their drilling budgets away from offshore drilling in favor of other priorities, such as shale or other land-based projects. as a result, diamond offshore's business and the oil and gas industry in general are subject to cyclical fluctuations.
as a result of the cyclical fluctuations in the market, there have been periods of lower demand, excess rig supply and lower dayrates, followed by periods of higher demand, shorter rig supply and higher dayrates. diamond offshore cannot predict the timing or duration of such fluctuations. periods of lower demand or excess rig supply, such as the current protracted downturn in diamond offshore's industry that is continuing and may continue for several more years, intensify the competition in the industry and often result in periods of lower utilization and lower dayrates.
23
during these periods, diamond offshore's rigs may not be able to obtain contracts for future work and may be idle for long periods of time or may be able to obtain work only under contracts with lower dayrates or less favorable terms. additionally, prolonged periods of low utilization and dayrates (such as diamond offshore is currently experiencing) have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in, the recognition of further impairment charges on certain of diamond offshore's drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable.
diamond offshore's industry is highly competitive, with an oversupply and intense price competition.
the offshore contract drilling industry is highly competitive with numerous industry participants, and such competitiveness may be exacerbated by the current protracted downturn in diamond offshore's industry. some of diamond offshore's competitors are larger companies, have larger or more technologically advanced fleets and have greater financial or other resources than it does. the drilling industry has experienced consolidation and may experience additional consolidation, which could create additional large competitors. drilling contracts are traditionally awarded on a competitive bid basis. price is typically the primary factor in determining which qualified contractor is awarded a job.
as of the date of this report, there are approximately 240 floater rigs currently available to meet customer drilling needs in the offshore contract drilling market, and many of these rigs are not currently contracted and/or are cold stacked. although there have been over 135 floater rigs scrapped over the past six years, the market remains oversupplied as new rig construction, upgrades of existing drilling rigs, cancelation or termination of drilling contracts and established rigs coming off contract have contributed to the current oversupply, intensifying price competition. in addition, some shipyards own rigs recently constructed or under construction, which are not currently marketed, which, if acquired by diamond offshore or its competitors, would further exacerbate the oversupply of rigs. in addition, during industry downturns like the one diamond offshore is currently experiencing, rig operators may take lower dayrates and shorter contract durations to keep their rigs operational.
diamond offshore can provide no assurance that its drilling contracts will not be terminated early or that its current backlog of contract drilling revenue will be ultimately realized.
diamond offshore's customers may terminate their drilling contracts under certain circumstances, such as the destruction or loss of a drilling rig or suspension of drilling operations for a specified period of time as a result of a breakdown of major equipment, excessive downtime for repairs, failure to meet minimum performance criteria (including customer acceptance testing) or, in some cases, due to other events beyond the control of either party.
in addition, some of diamond offshore's drilling contracts permit the customer to terminate the contract after specified notice periods, often by tendering contractually specified termination amounts, which may not fully compensate diamond offshore for the loss of the contract. in some cases, diamond offshore's drilling contracts may permit the customer to terminate the contract without cause, upon little or no notice or without making an early termination payment. during depressed market conditions, such as those currently in effect, certain customers have utilized, and may in the future utilize, such contract clauses to seek to renegotiate or terminate a drilling contract or claim that diamond offshore has breached provisions of its drilling contracts in order to avoid their obligations to diamond offshore under circumstances where diamond offshore believes it is in compliance with the contracts. additionally, because of depressed commodity prices, restricted credit markets, economic downturns, changes in priorities or strategy or other factors beyond diamond offshore's control, a customer may no longer want or need a rig that is currently under contract or may be able to obtain a comparable rig at a lower dayrate. for these reasons, customers have sought and may in the future seek to renegotiate the terms of diamond offshore's existing drilling contracts, terminate their contracts without justification or repudiate or otherwise fail to perform their obligations under the contracts. as a result of such contract renegotiations or terminations, diamond offshore's contract backlog has been and may in the future be adversely impacted, it might not recover any compensation (or any recovery it obtains may not fully compensate it for the loss of the contract) and it may be required to idle one or more rigs for an extended period of time.
24
diamond offshore may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts for its rigs.
as of the date of this report, all of diamond offshore's current customer contracts will expire between 2020 and 2023. two of diamond offshore's contracts expire in 2020, six contracts expire in 2021 and two contracts expire in each of 2022 and 2023. some of diamond offshore's drilling rigs are not currently contracted for continuous utilization between contracts and are being actively marketed for these uncontracted periods. diamond offshore's ability to renew or replace expiring contracts or obtain new contracts, and the terms of any such contracts, will depend on various factors, including market conditions and the specific needs of its customers at such times. given the historically cyclical and highly competitive nature of the industry and the likelihood that the current protracted downturn in diamond offshore's industry continues, it may not be able to renew or replace the contracts or it may be required to renew or replace expiring contracts or obtain new contracts at dayrates that are below existing dayrates, or that have terms that are less favorable, including shorter durations, than existing contracts. moreover, diamond offshore may be unable to secure contracts for these rigs. failure to secure contracts for a rig may result in a decision to cold stack the rig, which puts the rig at risk for impairment and may competitively disadvantage the rig as many customers during the current protracted market downturn have expressed a preference for ready or "warm" stacked rigs over cold stacked rigs. if a decision is made to cold stack a rig, diamond offshore's operating costs for the rig are typically reduced, however, it will incur additional costs associated with cold stacking the rig (particularly if it cold stacks a newer rig, such as a drillship or other dp semisubmersible rig, for which cold stacking costs are typically substantially higher than for an older non-dp rig). in addition, the costs to reactivate a cold stacked rig may be substantial.
diamond offshore's debt levels may limit its liquidity and flexibility in obtaining additional financing and in pursuing other business opportunities.
diamond offshore's business is highly capital intensive and dependent on having sufficient cash flow and/or available sources of financing in order to fund its capital expenditure requirements. during 2019, diamond offshore's cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities decreased an aggregate $301 million and during 2018 increased an aggregate $74 million. based on its cash flow forecast, as of the date of this report, diamond offshore expects to generate aggregate negative cash flows for 2020. if market conditions do not improve, it could continue to generate aggregate negative cash flows in future periods.
as of december 31, 2019, diamond offshore had outstanding $2.0 billion of senior notes, maturing at various times from 2023 through 2043. as of february 7, 2020, diamond offshore had no outstanding borrowings under its $225 million revolving credit facility maturing in october of 2020, which it may have difficulty replacing upon maturity, or its $950 million revolving credit facility maturing in october of 2023. diamond offshore expects to begin to utilize borrowing under its two credit agreements in the first half of 2020 to meet its liquidity requirements and anticipates ending 2020 with a drawn balance under its $950 million credit agreement. as of february 7, 2020, diamond offshore had approximately $1.2 billion available under such credit facilities in the aggregate, subject to their respective terms, to meet its short term liquidity requirements.
diamond offshore's ability to meet its debt service obligations is dependent upon its future performance, which is unpredictable and dependent on its ability to manage through the current protracted industry downturn. diamond offshore's levels of indebtedness could have negative consequences to diamond offshore, including:
●   it may have difficulty satisfying its obligations with respect to its outstanding debt and, given the challenges to its business presented by the protracted industry downturn, its operational obligations;

●   it may have difficulty obtaining financing, including refinancing for its existing indebtedness upon maturity in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes;

●   it may need to use a substantial portion of available cash flow from operations to pay interest and principal on its debt, which would reduce the amount of money available to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general corporate or business activities;

●   vulnerability to the effects of general adverse economic conditions, such as the continuing protracted industry downturn, and adverse operating results, including negative cash flows, could increase;

25
●   flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and in its industry in general could be limited;

●   it may not have the ability to pursue business opportunities that become available;

●   the amount of debt and the amount it must pay to service its debt obligations could place diamond offshore at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt; and

●   customers may react adversely to its significant debt level and seek alternative service providers.

in addition, diamond offshore's failure to comply with the restrictive covenants in its debt instruments could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on its business. among other things, these covenants require diamond offshore to maintain a specified ratio of its consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization, a specified ratio of the aggregate value of certain of its rigs to the aggregate value of substantially all rigs owned by diamond offshore, a specified ratio of the aggregate value of certain of its marketed rigs to the sum of the commitments under the $950 million revolving credit facility plus certain outstanding loans, letter of credit exposures and other indebtedness, limit the ability of its subsidiaries to incur debt and require diamond offshore to make a cash collateral deposit if a change in control occurs, as defined in each respective credit facility, within 90 days of the change in control event. the amount of such cash collateral deposit is based on its credit ratings within 90 days of such change in control event.
in 2019, s&p downgraded diamond offshore's corporate and senior unsecured notes credit rating to ccc+ from b and the rating outlook changed to stable from negative. diamond offshore's current corporate credit rating from moody's is b2 and its current senior unsecured notes credit rating from moody's is b3. the rating outlook from moody's is negative. these credit ratings are below investment grade and could raise diamond offshore's cost of financing. consequently, diamond offshore may not be able to issue additional debt in amounts and/or with terms that it considers to be reasonable. these ratings could limit diamond offshore's ability to pursue other business opportunities or to refinance its indebtedness as it matures.
diamond offshore's revolving credit facilities bear interest at variable rates, based on its corporate credit rating and market interest rates. if market interest rates increase, diamond offshore's cost to borrow under its revolving credit facilities may also increase. although diamond offshore may employ hedging strategies such that a portion of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under this credit facilities would effectively carry a fixed rate of interest, any hedging arrangement put in place may not offer complete protection from this risk.
diamond offshore's consolidated effective income tax rate may vary substantially from one reporting period to another.
diamond offshore's consolidated effective income tax rate is impacted by the mix between its domestic and international pre-tax  earnings or losses, as well as the mix of the international tax jurisdictions in which it operates. diamond offshore cannot provide any assurance as to what its consolidated effective income tax rate will be in the future due to, among other factors, uncertainty regarding the nature and extent of its business activities in any particular jurisdiction in the future and the tax laws of such jurisdictions, as well as potential changes in u.s. and foreign tax laws, regulations or treaties or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, changes in the administrative practices and precedents of tax authorities or any reclassification or other matter (such as changes in applicable accounting rules) that increases the amounts diamond offshore has provided for income taxes or deferred tax assets and liabilities in its consolidated financial statements. this variability may cause its consolidated effective income tax rate to vary substantially from one reporting period to another.
diamond offshore's contract drilling expense includes fixed costs that will not decline in proportion to decreases in rig utilization and dayrates.
diamond offshore's contract drilling expense includes all direct and indirect costs associated with the operation, maintenance and support of its drilling equipment, which is often not affected by changes in dayrates and utilization. during periods of reduced revenue and/or activity (like the current protracted industry downturn), certain of diamond offshore's fixed costs will not decline and often it may incur additional operating costs, such as fuel and catering
26
costs, for which the customer generally reimburses diamond offshore when a rig is under contract. during times of reduced dayrates and utilization, like the current protracted industry downturn, reductions in costs may not be immediate as diamond offshore may incur additional costs associated with cold stacking a rig (particularly if diamond offshore cold stacks a newer rig, such as a drillship or other dp semisubmersible rig, for which cold stacking costs are typically substantially higher than for an older non-dp rig), or it may not be able to fully reduce the cost of its support operations in a particular geographic region due to the need to support the remaining drilling rigs in that region. accordingly, a decline in revenue due to lower dayrates and/or utilization may not be offset by a corresponding decrease in contract drilling expense.
contracts for diamond offshore's drilling rigs are generally fixed dayrate contracts, and increases in diamond offshore's operating costs could adversely affect the profitability of those contracts.
diamond offshore's contracts for its drilling rigs generally provide for the payment of an agreed dayrate per rig operating day, although some contracts do provide for a limited escalation in dayrate due to increased operating costs it incurs on the project. over the term of a drilling contract, diamond offshore's operating costs may fluctuate due to events beyond its control. in addition, equipment repair and maintenance expenses vary depending on the type of activity the rig is performing, the age and condition of the equipment and general market factors impacting relevant parts, components and services. the gross margin that diamond offshore realizes on these fixed dayrate contracts will fluctuate based on variations in its operating costs over the terms of the contracts. in addition, for contracts with dayrate escalation clauses, diamond offshore may not be able to fully recover increased or unforeseen costs from its customers.
diamond offshore is subject to extensive domestic and international laws and regulations that could significantly limit its business activities and revenues and increase its costs.
certain countries are subject to restrictions, sanctions and embargoes imposed by the u.s. government or other governmental or international authorities. these restrictions, sanctions and embargoes may prohibit or limit diamond offshore from participating in certain business activities in those countries. diamond offshore's operations are also subject to numerous local, state and federal laws and regulations in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions concerning the containment and disposal of hazardous materials, the remediation of contaminated properties and the protection of the environment. laws and regulations protecting the environment have become increasingly stringent, and may in some cases impose "strict liability," rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of that person. failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject diamond offshore to civil or criminal enforcement action, for which it may not receive contractual indemnification or have insurance coverage, and could result in the issuance of injunctions restricting some or all of diamond offshore's activities in the affected areas. diamond offshore may be required to make significant expenditures for additional capital equipment or inspections and recertifications to comply with existing or new governmental laws and regulations. it is also possible that these laws and regulations may, in the future, add significantly to diamond offshore's operating costs or result in a substantial reduction in revenues associated with downtime required to install such equipment, or may otherwise significantly limit drilling activity.
in addition, these laws and regulations require diamond offshore to perform certain regulatory inspections, which it refers to as a special survey. for most of diamond offshore's rigs, these special surveys are due every five years, although the inspection interval for its north sea rigs is two and one half years. diamond offshore's operations are negatively impacted during these special surveys. these special surveys are generally performed in a shipyard and require scheduled downtime, which can negatively impact operating revenue. operating expenses increase as a result of these special surveys due to the cost to mobilize the rigs to a shipyard and inspection, repair and maintenance costs. repair and maintenance activities may result from the special survey or may have been previously planned to take place during this mandatory downtime. the number of rigs undergoing a special survey will vary from year to year, as well as from quarter to quarter. diamond offshore's business may also be negatively impacted by intermediate surveys, which are performed at interim periods between special surveys. although an intermediate survey normally does not require shipyard time, the survey may require some downtime for the rig. diamond offshore can provide no assurance as to the exact timing and/or duration of downtime and/or the costs or lost revenues associated with regulatory inspections, planned rig mobilizations and other shipyard projects.
27
in addition, the offshore drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas exploration industry and, accordingly, can be affected by changes in tax and other laws relating to the energy business generally. governments in some countries are increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions, the exploration for oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and gas industry. the modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations curtailing exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and gas for economic, environmental or other reasons could limit drilling opportunities.
diamond offshore's business involves numerous operating hazards which could expose it to significant losses and significant damage claims. diamond offshore is not fully insured against all of these risks and its contractual indemnity provisions may not fully protect diamond offshore.
diamond offshore's operations are subject to the significant hazards inherent in drilling for oil and gas offshore, such as blowouts, reservoir damage, loss of production, loss of well control, unstable or faulty sea floor conditions, fires and natural disasters such as hurricanes. the occurrence of any of these types of events could result in the suspension of drilling operations, damage to or destruction of the equipment involved and injury or death to rig personnel and damage to producing or potentially productive oil and gas formations, oil spillage, oil leaks, well blowouts and extensive uncontrolled fires, any of which could cause significant environmental damage. in addition, offshore drilling operations are subject to marine hazards, including capsizing, grounding, collision and loss or damage from severe weather. operations also may be suspended because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, failure of suppliers or subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services or personnel shortages. any of the foregoing events could result in significant damage or loss to diamond offshore's properties and assets or the properties and assets of others, injury or death to rig personnel or others, significant loss of revenues and significant damage claims against diamond offshore.
diamond offshore's drilling contracts with its customers provide for varying levels of indemnity and allocation of liabilities between its customers and diamond offshore with respect to the hazards and risks inherent in, and damages or losses arising out of, its operations, and diamond offshore may not be fully protected. diamond offshore's contracts are individually negotiated, and the levels of indemnity and allocation of liabilities in them can vary from contract to contract depending on market conditions, particular customer requirements and other factors existing at the time a contract is negotiated.
additionally, the enforceability of indemnification provisions in diamond offshore's contracts may be limited or prohibited by applicable law or such provisions may not be enforced by courts having jurisdiction, and diamond offshore could be held liable for substantial losses or damages and for fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities. the indemnification provisions in diamond offshore's contracts may be subject to differing interpretations, and the laws or courts of certain jurisdictions may enforce such provisions while other laws or courts may find them to be unenforceable. the law with respect to the enforceability of indemnities varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and is unsettled under certain laws that are applicable to diamond offshore's contracts. there can be no assurance that diamond offshore's contracts with its customers, suppliers and subcontractors will fully protect it against all hazards and risks inherent in its operations. there can also be no assurance that those parties with contractual obligations to indemnify diamond offshore will be financially able to do so or will otherwise honor their contractual obligations.
diamond offshore maintains liability insurance, which generally includes coverage for environmental damage; however, because of contractual provisions and policy limits, diamond offshore's insurance coverage may not adequately cover its losses and claim costs. in addition, certain risks and contingencies related to pollution, reservoir damage and environmental risks are generally not fully insurable. also, diamond offshore does not typically purchase loss-of-hire insurance to cover lost revenues when a rig is unable to work. there can be no assurance that diamond offshore will continue to carry the insurance it currently maintains, that its insurance will cover all types of losses or that it will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates it considers to be reasonable or that diamond offshore will be able to obtain insurance against some risks.
if an accident or other event occurs that exceeds diamond offshore's insurance coverage limits or is not an insurable event under its insurance policies, or is not fully covered by contractual indemnity, it could result in significant loss to diamond offshore.
28
significant portions of diamond offshore's operations are conducted outside the united states and involve additional risks not associated with united states domestic operations.
diamond offshore's operations outside the u.s. accounted for approximately 47%, 41% and 58% of its total consolidated revenues for 2019, 2018 and 2017 and include, or have included, operations in south america, australia and southeast asia, europe and mexico. because diamond offshore operates in various regions throughout the world, it is exposed to a variety of risks inherent in international operations, including risks of war or conflicts, political and economic instability and disruption, civil disturbance, acts of piracy, terrorism or other assaults on property or personnel, corruption, possible economic and legal sanctions (such as possible restrictions against countries that the u.s. government may consider to be state sponsors of terrorism), changes in global monetary and trade policies, laws and regulations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, restrictions on currency exchange, controls over the repatriation of income or capital and other risks. diamond offshore may not have insurance coverage for these risks, or it may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage for such events at reasonable rates. diamond offshore's operations may become restricted, disrupted or prohibited in any country in which any of these risks occur.
in 2016, the u.k. approved an exit from the e.u., commonly referred to as "brexit". the u.k. officially left the e.u., on january 31, 2020. following its departure, the u.k. entered into a transition period that is scheduled to last until december 31, 2020 during which period of time the u.k.'s trading relationship with the e.u. is expected to remain largely the same while the two parties negotiate a trade agreement as well as other aspects of the u.k.'s relationship with the e.u. the impact of brexit and the future relationship between the u.k. and the e.u. are uncertain for companies that do business in the u.k. and the overall global economy. approximately 17% of diamond offshore's total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 were generated in the u.k. brexit, or similar events in other jurisdictions, could depress economic activity or impact global markets, including foreign exchange and securities markets, which may have an adverse impact on diamond offshore's business as a result of changes in currency exchange rates, tariffs, treaties and other regulatory matters.
diamond offshore is also subject to the regulations of the u.s. treasury department's office of foreign assets control and other u.s. laws and regulations governing its international operations in addition to domestic and international anti-bribery laws and sanctions, trade laws and regulations, customs laws and regulations and other restrictions imposed by other governmental or international authorities. in addition, international contract drilling operations are subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which diamond offshore operates, including laws and regulations relating to the equipping and operation of drilling rigs, import-export quotas or other trade barriers, repatriation of foreign earnings or capital, oil and gas exploration and development, local content requirements, taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel and use and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, boardwalk pipelines boardwalk pipelines' natural gas transportation and storage operations are subject to extensive regulation by the ferc, including rules and regulations related to the rates it can charge for its services and its ability to construct or abandon facilities. boardwalk pipelines may not be able to recover the full cost of operating its pipelines, including earning a reasonable return.
boardwalk pipelines' natural gas transportation and storage operations are subject to extensive regulation by the ferc, including the types, rates and terms of services boardwalk pipelines may offer to its customers, construction of new facilities, creation, modification or abandonment of services or facilities and recordkeeping and relationships with affiliated companies. an adverse ferc action in any of these areas could affect boardwalk pipelines' ability to compete for business, construct new facilities, offer new services or recover the full cost of operating its pipelines. this regulatory oversight can result in longer lead times to develop and complete any future project than competitors that are not subject to the ferc's regulations. the ferc can also deny boardwalk pipelines the right to abandon certain facilities from service.
29
the ferc also regulates the rates boardwalk pipelines can charge for its natural gas transportation and storage operations. for cost-based services, the ferc establishes both the maximum and minimum rates boardwalk pipelines can charge. the basic elements that the ferc considers are the costs of providing service, the volumes of gas being transported, the rate design, the allocation of costs between services, the capital structure and the rate of return a pipeline is permitted to earn. boardwalk pipelines may not be able to recover all its costs, including certain costs associated with pipeline integrity, through existing or future rates.
the ferc and/or boardwalk pipelines' customers could challenge the maximum applicable rates that any of its regulated pipelines are allowed to charge in accordance with section 5 of the nga. the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 and the revised policy statement that was issued by the ferc in 2018 may increase the likelihood of such a challenge. pending legislation that would amend section 5 of the nga to add refund provisions could increase the likelihood of such a challenge. if such a challenge is successful for any of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, the revenues associated with transportation and storage services the pipeline provides pursuant to cost-of-service rates could materially decrease in the future, which would adversely affect the revenues on that pipeline going forward.
legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to pipeline safety that require the use of new or more prescriptive compliance activities, substantial changes to existing integrity management programs or withdrawal of regulatory waivers could subject boardwalk pipelines to increased capital and operating costs and operational delays.
boardwalk pipelines' interstate pipelines are subject to regulation by phmsa, which is part of the dot. phmsa regulates the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, and maintenance of existing interstate natural gas and ngls pipeline facilities. phmsa regulation currently requires pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs, including frequent inspections, correction of certain identified anomalies and other measures to promote pipeline safety in hcas, mcas, class 3 and 4 areas, as well as areas unusually sensitive to environmental damage and commercially navigable waterways. states have jurisdiction over certain of boardwalk pipelines' intrastate pipelines and have adopted regulations similar to existing phmsa regulations. state regulations may impose more stringent requirements than found under federal law that affect boardwalk pipelines' intrastate operations. compliance with these rules over time generally has resulted in an overall increase in maintenance costs. the imposition of new or more stringent pipeline safety rules applicable to natural gas or ngl pipelines, or any issuance or reinterpretation of guidance from phmsa or any state agencies with respect thereto could cause boardwalk pipelines to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in boardwalk pipelines incurring increased capital and operating costs, experiencing operational delays and suffering potential adverse impacts to its operations or ability to reliably serve its customers. requirements that are imposed under the 2011 act or the more recent 2016 act may also increase boardwalk pipelines' capital and operating costs or impact the operation of its pipelines. for example, in 2016, phmsa published a proposed rulemaking that would impose new or more stringent requirements for certain natural gas pipelines including, among other things, expanding certain of phmsa's current regulatory safety programs for natural gas lines in newly defined mcas that do not qualify as hcas and requiring maop validation through re-verification of all historical records for pipelines in service, which may require natural gas pipelines installed before 1970 (previously excluded from certain pressure testing obligations) to be pressure tested. new pipeline safety legislation is expected to be proposed and finalized in 2020 that will reauthorize phmsa pipeline safety programs, which under the 2016 act expired at the end of september of 2019. any such new pipeline safety legislation or implementing regulations could impose more stringent or costly compliance obligations on boardwalk pipelines and could require it to pursue additional capital projects or conduct integrity or maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in boardwalk pipelines incurring increased operating costs that could have a material adverse effect on its costs of providing transportation services.
boardwalk pipelines has entered into certain firm transportation contracts with shippers on certain of its expansion projects that utilize the design capacity of certain of its pipeline assets, based upon the authority boardwalk pipelines received from phmsa to operate those pipelines at higher than normal operating pressures of up to 0.80 of the pipeline's smys under issued permits with specific conditions. phmsa retains discretion to withdraw or modify this authority. if phmsa were to withdraw or materially modify such authority, it could affect boardwalk pipelines' ability to transport all of its contracted quantities of natural gas on these pipeline assets and it could incur significant additional costs to reinstate this authority or to develop alternate ways to meet its contractual obligations.
30
boardwalk pipelines' actual construction and development costs could exceed its forecasts, its anticipated cash flow from construction and development projects will not be immediate and its construction and development projects may not be completed on time or at all.
boardwalk pipelines has been and is currently engaged in several construction projects involving its existing assets and the construction of new facilities for which it has expended or will expend significant capital. boardwalk pipelines expects to continue to engage in the construction of additional growth projects and modifications of its system. when boardwalk pipelines builds a new pipeline or expands or modifies an existing facility, the design, construction and development occurs over an extended period of time, and it will not receive any revenue or cash flow from that project until after it is placed into commercial service. on boardwalk pipelines' interstate pipelines there are several years between when the project is announced and when customers begin using the new facilities. during this period, boardwalk pipelines spends capital and incurs costs without receiving any of the financial benefits associated with the projects. the construction of new assets involves regulatory (federal, state and local), landowner opposition, environmental, activist, legal, political, materials and labor costs, as well as operational and other risks that are difficult to predict and some are beyond boardwalk pipelines' control. a project may not be completed on time or at all due to a variety of factors, may be impacted by significant cost overruns or may be materially changed prior to completion as a result of developments or circumstances that boardwalk pipelines is not aware of when it commits to the project. any of these events could result in material unexpected costs or have a material adverse effect on boardwalk pipelines' ability to realize the anticipated benefits from its growth projects.
boardwalk pipelines' and its customers' operations are subject to a series of risks arising out of the threat of climate change that could result in increased operating costs, limit the areas in which fossil fuels are produced and reduce demand for the services boardwalk pipelines provides.
the threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the u.s. and in foreign countries. numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit existing emissions of greenhouse gases ("ghgs") as well as to restrict or eliminate such future emissions, which makes boardwalk pipelines operations as well as the operations of its fossil fuel producer customers subject to a series of regulatory, political, litigation and financial risks associated with the production and processing of fossil fuels and emission of ghgs.
in the u.s., no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. with the u.s. supreme court finding that ghg emissions constitute a pollutant under the caa, the environmental protection agency has adopted rules that, among other things, establish construction and operating permit reviews for ghg emissions from certain large stationary sources, require the monitoring and annual reporting of ghg emissions from certain natural gas system sources in the u.s., implement new source performance standards directing the reduction of methane from certain new, modified or reconstructed facilities in the natural gas sector, and together with the dot, implement ghg emissions limits on vehicles manufactured for operation in the u.s. various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas as ghg cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs and restriction of emissions. at the international level, the non-binding paris agreement requests that nations limit their ghg emissions through individually-determined reduction goals every five years after 2020, although the u.s. has announced its withdrawal from such agreement, effective november 4, 2020.
governmental, scientific and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from ghg emissions has resulted in increasing political risks in the u.s., including climate change related pledges made by certain candidates seeking the presidential office in 2020. declarations made by one or more candidates running for the democratic nomination for president include threats to take actions banning hydraulic fracturing of crude oil and natural gas wells and banning new leases for production of minerals on federal properties, including onshore lands and offshore waters. a new presidential administration could also pursue the imposition of more restrictive requirements for the establishment of pipeline infrastructure or the permitting of lng export facilities, as well as the reversal of the u.s.' withdrawal from the paris agreement. litigation risks are also increasing, as a number of cities and other local governments have sought to bring suit against fossil fuel producer companies in state or federal court, alleging, that such companies created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to global warming effects, such as rising sea levels, and are responsible for roadway and infrastructure damages as a result, or alleging that the companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change for some time but defrauded their investors by failing to adequately disclose those impacts.
31
there are also increasing financial risks for fossil fuel energy companies as investors in fossil fuel energy companies become increasingly concerned about the potential effects of climate change and may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into non-energy related sectors. institutional lenders who provide financing to fossil fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. additionally, institutional lenders have been the subject of intensive lobbying efforts in recent years, oftentimes public in nature, by environmental activists, proponents of the international paris agreement and foreign citizenry concerned about climate change not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. this could make it more difficult for boardwalk pipelines to secure funding for exploration and production or midstream energy business activities.
the adoption and implementation of new or more stringent international, federal or state legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that impose more stringent standards for ghg emissions from the oil and gas sector or otherwise restrict the areas in which this sector may produce fossil fuels or generate ghg emissions could result in increased costs of compliance or costs of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for fossil fuels, which could reduce demand for boardwalk pipelines transportation and storage services. political, litigation and financial risks may result in its fossil fuel producer customers restricting or canceling production activities, incurring liability for infrastructure damages as a result of climatic changes or impairing their ability to continue to operate in an economic manner, which also could reduce demand for boardwalk pipelines' services.
the price differentials between natural gas supplies and market demand for natural gas have reduced the transportation rates that boardwalk pipelines can charge on certain portions of its pipeline systems.
each year a portion of boardwalk pipelines firm natural gas transportation contracts expire and need to be replaced or renewed. over the past several years, as a result of market conditions, boardwalk pipelines has renewed some expiring contracts at lower rates or for shorter terms than in the past. the transportation rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available supply, geographical location of natural gas production, the competition between producing basins, competition with other pipelines for supply and markets, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and lng export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials). market conditions have resulted in a sustained narrowing of basis differentials on certain portions of boardwalk pipelines' pipeline system, which has reduced transportation rates that can be charged in the affected areas and adversely affected the contract terms boardwalk pipelines can secure from its customers for available transportation capacity and for contracts being renewed or replaced. the prevailing market conditions may also lead some of its customers to seek to renegotiate existing contracts to terms that are less attractive to boardwalk pipelines; for example, seeking a current price reduction in exchange for an extension of the contract term. boardwalk pipelines expects these market conditions to continue.
boardwalk pipelines is exposed to credit risk relating to default or bankruptcy by its customers.
credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from the default by a customer of its contractual obligations or the customer filing bankruptcy. boardwalk pipelines has credit risk with both its existing customers and those supporting its growth projects.
credit risk exists in relation to boardwalk pipelines' growth projects, both because foundation customers make long term firm capacity commitments to boardwalk pipelines for such projects and certain of those foundation customers agree to provide credit support as construction for such projects progresses. if a customer fails to post the required credit support during the growth project process, overall returns on the project may be reduced to the extent an adjustment to the scope of the project results or boardwalk pipelines is unable to replace the defaulting customer. boardwalk pipelines recently had a customer declare bankruptcy for which it was able to use the credit support to cover a portion of the customer's remaining long term commitment.
boardwalk pipelines' credit exposure also includes receivables for services provided, future performance under firm agreements and volumes of gas owed by customers for imbalances or gas loaned by boardwalk pipelines to them under certain nns and parking and lending ("pal") services.
32
changes in energy prices, including natural gas, oil and ngls, impact the supply of and demand for those commodities, which impact boardwalk pipelines' business.
boardwalk pipelines' customers, especially producers, are directly impacted by changes in commodity prices. the prices of natural gas, oil and ngls fluctuate in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors, including for natural gas the realization of potential lng exports and demand growth within the power generation market. the declines in the levels of natural gas, oil and ngls prices experienced in recent history have adversely affected the businesses of boardwalk pipelines' producer customers and reduced the demand for boardwalk pipelines' services and could result in defaults or the non-renewal of boardwalk pipelines' contracted capacity when existing contracts expire. future increases in the price of natural gas and ngls could make alternative energy and feedstock sources more competitive and reduce demand for natural gas and ngls. a reduced level of demand for natural gas and ngls could reduce the utilization of capacity on boardwalk pipelines' systems and reduce the demand of its services.
boardwalk pipelines' substantial indebtedness could affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities.
boardwalk pipelines has a significant amount of indebtedness, which requires significant interest payments. boardwalk pipelines' inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on its business. boardwalk pipelines' substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
•   limit boardwalk pipelines' ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other general business activities;

•   increase boardwalk pipelines' vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and

•   limit boardwalk pipelines' ability to respond to business opportunities, including growing its business through acquisitions.

in addition, the credit agreements governing boardwalk pipelines' current indebtedness contain, and any future debt instruments would likely contain, financial or other restrictive covenants, which impose significant operating and financial restrictions. as a result of these covenants, boardwalk pipelines could be limited in the manner in which it conducts its business and may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance its future operations or capital needs. furthermore, a failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on its business.
boardwalk pipelines will be permitted, under its revolving credit facility and the indentures governing its notes, to incur additional debt, subject to certain limitations under its revolving credit facility and, in the case of unsecured debt, under the indentures governing the notes. if boardwalk pipelines incurs additional debt, its increased leverage could also result in the consequences described above.
limited access to the debt markets and increases in interest rates could adversely affect boardwalk pipelines' business.
boardwalk pipelines anticipates funding its capital spending requirements through its available financing options, including cash generated from operations and borrowings under its revolving credit facility. changes in the debt markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, and an increase in interest rates, may increase the cost of financing as well as the risks of refinancing maturing debt. this may affect its ability to raise needed funding and reduce the amount of cash available to fund its operations or growth projects. if the debt markets were not available, it is not certain if other adequate financing options would be available to boardwalk pipelines on terms and conditions that it would find acceptable.
33
any disruption in the debt markets could require boardwalk pipelines to take additional measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until it can arrange alternative credit arrangements or other funding for its business needs. such measures could include reducing or delaying business activities, reducing its operations to lower expenses and reducing other discretionary uses of cash. boardwalk pipelines may be unable to execute its growth strategy or take advantage of certain business opportunities.
boardwalk pipelines does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located, which could result in disruptions to its operations.
boardwalk pipelines does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities have been constructed, and boardwalk pipeline is subject to the possibility of more onerous terms and/or increased costs to retain necessary land use if it does not have valid rights-of-way or if such rights-of-way lapse or terminate. boardwalk pipelines obtains the rights to construct and operate its pipelines on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. boardwalk pipelines cannot guarantee that it will always be able to renew, when necessary, existing rights-of-way or obtain new rights-of-way without experiencing significant costs or experiencing landowner opposition. any loss of these land use rights with respect to the operation of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines and facilities, through its inability to renew right-of-way contracts or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on its business.
rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could damage boardwalk pipelines' pipelines and the facilities that serve its customers, particularly along coastal waters and offshore in the gulf of mexico, which could adversely affect its operations and financial condition.
boardwalk pipelines' pipeline operations along coastal waters and offshore in the gulf of mexico could be impacted by rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion. subsidence issues are also a concern for boardwalk pipelines' pipelines at major river crossings. rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could cause serious damage to its pipelines, which could affect its ability to provide transportation services or result in leakage, migration, releases or spills from its operations to surface or subsurface soils, surface water, groundwater or offshore waters, which could result in liability, remedial obligations and/or otherwise have a negative impact on continued operations. such rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion processes could impact boardwalk pipelines' customers who operate along coastal waters or offshore in the gulf of mexico, and they may be unable to utilize boardwalk pipelines services. rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion could also expose boardwalk pipelines' operations to increased risks associated with severe weather conditions and other adverse events and conditions, such as hurricanes and flooding. as a result, boardwalk pipelines may incur significant costs to repair and preserve its pipeline infrastructure. such costs could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in recent years, local governments and landowners have filed lawsuits in louisiana against energy companies, alleging that their operations contributed to increased coastal rising seas and erosion and seeking substantial damages.
boardwalk pipelines may not be successful in executing its strategy to grow and diversify its business.
boardwalk pipelines relies primarily on the revenues generated from its natural gas transportation and storage services. negative developments in these services have significantly greater impact on boardwalk pipelines' financial condition and results of operations than if it maintained more diverse assets. boardwalk pipelines' ability to grow, diversify and increase cash flows will depend, in part, on its ability to expand its existing business lines and to close and execute on accretive acquisitions. boardwalk pipelines may not be successful in acquiring or developing such assets or may do so on terms that ultimately are not profitable. any such transactions involve potential risks that may include, among other things:
•   the diversion of management's and employees' attention from other business concerns;

•   inaccurate assumptions about volume, revenues and project costs, including potential synergies;

•   a decrease in boardwalk pipelines' liquidity as a result of using available cash or borrowing capacity to finance the acquisition or project;

34
•   a significant increase in interest expense or financial leverage if it incurs additional debt to finance the acquisition or project;

•   inaccurate assumptions about the overall costs of debt;

•   an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate the acquired business and assets or the developed assets;

•   unforeseen difficulties operating in new product areas or new geographic areas; and

•   changes in regulatory requirements or delays of regulatory approvals.

additionally, acquisitions also contain the following risks:
•   an inability to integrate successfully the businesses boardwalk pipelines acquires;

•   the assumption of unknown liabilities for which it is not indemnified, for which its indemnity is inadequate or for which its insurance policies may exclude from coverage;

•   limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller; and

•   customer or key employee losses of an acquired business.

boardwalk pipelines' ability to replace expiring gas storage contracts at attractive rates or on a long-term basis and to sell short-term services at attractive rates or at all are subject to market conditions.
boardwalk pipelines owns and operates substantial natural gas storage facilities. the market for the storage and pal services that it offers is impacted by the factors and market conditions discussed above for boardwalk pipelines' transportation services, and is also impacted by natural gas price differentials between time periods, such as winter to summer (time period price spreads), and the volatility in time period price spreads. when market conditions cause a narrowing of time period price spreads and a decline in the price volatility of natural gas, these factors adversely impact the rates boardwalk pipelines can charge for its storage and pal services.
boardwalk pipelines' operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which it may not be adequately insured.
there are a variety of operating risks inherent in transporting and storing natural gas, ethylene and ngls, such as leaks and other forms of releases, explosions, fires, cyber-attacks and mechanical problems, which could have catastrophic consequences. additionally, the nature and location of boardwalk pipelines' business may make it susceptible to catastrophic losses from hurricanes or other named storms, particularly with regard to its assets in the gulf coast region, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, and other severe weather. any of these or other similar occurrences could result in the disruption of boardwalk pipelines' operations, substantial repair costs, personal injury or loss of life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of its operations and substantial financial losses. the location of pipelines in hcas, which includes populated areas, residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could significantly increase the level of damages resulting from some of these risks.
boardwalk pipelines currently possesses property, business interruption, cyber threat and general liability insurance, but proceeds from such insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost. moreover, such insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable costs and terms. the insurance coverage boardwalk pipelines does obtain may contain large deductibles or fail to cover certain events, hazards or all potential losses.
35
risks related to us and our subsidiary, loews hotels & co loews hotels & co's business may be adversely affected by various operating risks common to the hospitality industry, including competition, excess supply and dependence on business travel and tourism.
loews hotels & co owns and operates hotels which have different economic characteristics than many other real estate assets. a typical office property, for example, has long-term leases with third-party tenants, which provide a relatively stable long-term stream of revenue. hotels, on the other hand, generate revenue from guests that typically stay at the hotel for only a few nights, which causes the room rate and occupancy levels at each hotel to change every day, and results in earnings that can be highly volatile.
in addition, loews hotels & co's properties are subject to various operating risks common to the hospitality industry, many of which are beyond loews hotels & co's control, including:
•   changes in general economic conditions, including the severity and duration of any downturn in the u.s. or global economy and financial markets;

•   war, political conditions or civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events;

•   outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as the recent coronavirus;

•   natural or man-made disasters;

•   any material reduction or prolonged interruption of public utilities and services;

•   decreased corporate or government travel-related budgets and spending and cancellations, deferrals or renegotiations of group business due to adverse economic conditions or otherwise;

•   decreased need for business-related travel due to innovations in business-related technology;

•   competition from other hotels and alternative accommodations, such as airbnb, in the markets in which loews hotels &amp; co operates;

•   requirements for periodic capital reinvestment to maintain and upgrade hotels;

•   increases in operating costs, including labor (such as from minimum wage increases), workers' compensation, benefits, insurance, food and beverage, commodity costs, energy and unanticipated costs resulting from force majeure events, due to inflation, new or different federal, state or local governmental regulations, including tariffs, and other factors that may not be offset by increased revenues;

•   the costs and administrative burdens associated with compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

•   organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations and loss of business for loews hotels &amp; co's properties generally as a result of certain labor tactics;

•   changes in the desirability of particular locations or travel patterns of customers, including with respect to the underlying attractions supporting loews hotels &amp; co's existing and under development immersive destination properties, such as the universal theme park for its orlando, florida properties, the stadiums in arlington, texas and st. louis, missouri for its live! by loews hotels and convention centers for properties in other markets;

•   geographic concentration of operations and customers;

•   shortages of desirable locations for development; and

36
•   relationships with third-party property owners, developers, landlords and joint venture partners, including the risk that owners and/or partners may terminate management or joint venture agreements.

these factors, and the reputational repercussions of these factors, could adversely affect, and from time to time have adversely affected, individual hotels and hotels in particular regions.
loews hotels & co is exposed to the risks resulting from significant investments in owned and leased real estate, which could increase its costs, reduce its profits, limit its ability to respond to market conditions or restrict its growth strategy.
loews hotels & co's proportion of owned and leased properties, compared to the number of properties that it manages for third-party owners, is larger than that of some of its competitors. real estate ownership and leasing is subject to risks not applicable to managed or franchised properties, including:
•   real estate, insurance, zoning, tax, environmental and eminent domain laws;

•   the ongoing need for owner-funded capital improvements and expenditures to maintain or upgrade properties;

•   risks associated with mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, fluctuating interest rate levels and the availability of replacement financing;

•   risks associated with the possibility that cost increases will outpace revenue increases and that, in the event of an economic slowdown, a high proportion of fixed costs will make it difficult to reduce costs to the extent required to offset declining revenues;

•   risks associated with real estate leases, including the possibility of rent increases and the inability to renew or extend upon favorable terms;

•   risks associated with real estate condominiums, including the possibility of special assessments by condominiums loews hotels &amp; co does not control;

•   fluctuations in real estate values and potential impairments in the value of loews hotels &amp; co's assets; and

•   the relative illiquidity of real estate compared to some other assets.

the hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility.
the hospitality industry is seasonal in nature. the periods during which loews hotels & co's properties experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the consumer base served. loews hotels & co generally expects revenues and earnings to be lower in the third quarter of each year than in each of the other quarters. in addition, the hospitality industry is cyclical and demand generally follows the general economy on a lagged basis. the seasonality and cyclicality of its industry may contribute to fluctuation in loews hotels & co's results of operations and financial condition.
loews hotels & co operates in a highly competitive industry, both for customers and for acquisitions and developments of new properties.
the hospitality industry is highly competitive. loews hotels & co's properties compete with other hotels and alternative accommodations based on a number of factors, including room rates, quality of accommodations, service levels and amenities, location, brand affiliation, reputation and reservation systems. new hotels may be constructed and these additions to supply create new competitors, in some cases without corresponding increases in demand for hotel rooms. some of its competitors also have greater financial and marketing resources than loews hotels & co. in addition, travelers can book stays on websites that facilitate the short-term rental of homes and apartments from owners, thereby providing an alternative to hotel rooms.
37
loews hotels & co also competes for hotel acquisitions and development projects with entities that have similar investment objectives as it does. this competition could limit the number of suitable investment opportunities. it may also increase the bargaining power of loews hotels & co's counterparties, making it more difficult for loews hotels & co to acquire or develop new properties on attractive terms or on the terms contemplated in its business plan.
any deterioration in the quality or reputation of loews hotels & co's brands could have an adverse effect on its reputation and business.
loews hotels & co's brands and its reputation are among its most important assets. its ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of its brands and their associated reputation. if its brands become obsolete or consumers view them as unfashionable or lacking in consistency and quality, or its brands or reputation are otherwise harmed, loews hotels & co may be unable to attract guests to its properties, and may further be unable to attract or retain joint venture partners or hotel owners. loews hotels & co's reputation may also suffer as a result of negative publicity regarding its hotels, including as a result of social media reports, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity. the continued expansion of media and social media formats has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity and has made it more difficult to control and effectively manage negative publicity.
loews hotels & co's efforts to develop new properties and renovate existing properties could be delayed or become more expensive.
loews hotels & co from time to time renovates its properties and is currently expanding its portfolio through the ground-up  construction of a number of new developments, including new properties in orlando, florida, kansas city, missouri, st. louis, missouri and coral gables, florida and in the future may similarly develop additional new properties. often these projects are undertaken with joint venture partners who may also serve as developer. these efforts are subject to a number of risks, including:
•   construction delays or cost overruns (including labor and materials or unforeseeable site conditions) that may increase project costs; cause new development projects to not be completed by lender imposed required completion dates or subject loews hotels &amp; co to cancellation penalties for reservations accepted;

•   obtaining zoning, occupancy and other required permits or authorizations;

•   changes in economic conditions that may result in weakened or lack of demand or negative project returns;

•   governmental restrictions on the size or kind of development;

•   projects financed with construction debt are subject to interest rate risk as uncertain timing and amount of draws make effective hedging difficult to obtain;

•   force majeure events, including earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes or floods; and

•   design defects that could increase costs.

additionally, developing new properties typically involves lengthy development periods during which significant amounts of capital must be funded before the properties begin to operate and generate revenue. if the cost of funding new development exceeds budgeted amounts, and/or the time period for development is longer than initially anticipated, loews hotels & co's profits could be reduced. further, due to the lengthy development cycle, intervening adverse economic conditions in general and as they apply to loews hotels & co and its development partners may alter or impede the development plans, thereby resulting in incremental costs or potential impairment charges. in addition, using multiple sources of capital to develop new properties reduces or eliminates the ability of loews hotels & co to cease commenced projects if the overall economic environment conditions change. moreover, during the early stages of operations, charges related to interest expense and depreciation may substantially detract from, or even outweigh, the profitability of certain new property investments.
38
loews hotels & co's properties are geographically concentrated, which exposes its business to the effects of regional events and occurrences.
loews hotels & co has a concentration of hotels in florida. specifically, as of december 31, 2019, seven hotels, representing 50% of rooms in its system, were located at universal orlando in orlando, florida and eight hotels, representing approximately 56% of rooms in its system, were located in florida. the concentration of hotels in one region or a limited number of markets may expose loews hotels & co to risks of adverse economic and other developments that are greater than if its portfolio were more geographically diverse. these developments include regional economic downturns, a decline in the popularity of or access to area tourist attractions, such as theme parks, significant increases in the number of loews hotels & co's competitors' hotels in these markets and potentially higher local property, sales and income taxes in the geographic markets in which it is concentrated. in addition, loews hotels & co's properties in florida are subject to the effects of adverse acts of nature, such as hurricanes, strong winds and flooding, which have in the past caused damage to its hotels in florida, and which may in the future be intensified as a result of climate change, as well as outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases.
the growth and use of alternative reservation channels adversely affects loews hotels & co's business.
a significant percentage of hotel rooms for guests at loews hotels & co's properties is booked through internet travel and other intermediaries. in most cases, loews hotels & co has agreements with such intermediaries and pays them commissions and/or fees for sales of its rooms through their systems. if such bookings increase, these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions or fees, reduced room rates or other significant concessions from loews hotels & co. there can be no assurance that loews hotels & co will be able to negotiate such agreements in the future with terms as favorable as those that exist today. moreover, these intermediaries generally employ aggressive marketing strategies, including expending significant resources for online and television advertising campaigns to drive consumers to their websites and other outlets. as a result, consumers may develop brand loyalties to the intermediaries' offered brands, websites and reservations systems rather than to loews hotels & co's brands.
under certain circumstances, loews hotels & co's insurance coverage may not cover all possible losses, and it may not be able to renew its insurance policies on favorable terms, or at all.
although loews hotels & co maintains various property, casualty and other insurance policies, proceeds from such insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost. moreover, such insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable costs and terms. the insurance coverage loews hotels & co does obtain may contain large deductibles or fail to cover certain events, hazards or all potential losses.
labor shortages could restrict loews hotels & co's ability to operate its properties or grow its business or result in increased labor costs that could reduce its profits.
loews hotels & co's properties are staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week by thousands of employees. if it is unable to attract, retain, train and engage skilled employees, its ability to manage and staff its properties adequately could be impaired, which could reduce customer satisfaction. staffing shortages could also hinder its ability to grow and expand its business. because payroll costs are a major component of the operating expenses at its properties, a shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase its labor costs.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, altium packaging altium packaging's substantial indebtedness could affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities.
altium packaging has a significant amount of indebtedness, which requires significant interest payments. its inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on its business. altium packaging's substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
39
•   limit its ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other corporate purposes;

•   increase its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and

•   limit its ability to respond to business opportunities, including growing its business through acquisitions.

in addition, the credit agreements governing its current indebtedness contain, and any future debt instruments would likely contain, financial and other restrictive covenants, which impose significant operating and financial restrictions on it. as a result of these covenants, altium packaging could be limited in the manner in which it conducts its business and may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. furthermore, a failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on altium packaging.
fluctuations in raw material prices and raw material availability may affect altium packaging's results.
to produce its products, altium packaging uses large quantities of plastic resins and recycled plastic materials. it faces the risk that its access to these raw materials may be interrupted or that it may not be able to purchase these raw materials at prices that are acceptable to it. in general, altium packaging does not have long-term supply contracts with its suppliers, and its purchases of raw materials are subject to market price volatility. although altium packaging generally is able to pass changes in the prices of raw materials through to its customers over a period of time, it may not always be able to do so or there may be a lag between when its costs increase and when it passes those costs through to its customers. it may not be able to pass through all future raw material price increases in a timely manner or at all due to competitive pressures. in addition, a sustained increase in resin and recycled plastic prices, relative to alternative packaging materials, would make plastic containers less economical for its customers and could result in reductions in the use of plastic containers. any limitation on its ability to procure its primary raw materials or to pass through price increases in such materials on a timely basis could negatively affect altium packaging.
altium packaging's customers may increase their self-manufacturing.
increased self-manufacturing by altium packaging's customers may have a material adverse impact on its sales volume and financial results. altium packaging believes that its customers may engage in self-manufacturing over time at locations where transportation costs are high, and where low complexity and available space to install blow molding equipment exist.
risks related to us and our subsidiaries generally in addition to the specific risks and uncertainties faced by our subsidiaries, as discussed above, we and all of our subsidiaries face additional risks and uncertainties described below.
acts of terrorism could harm us and our subsidiaries.
terrorist attacks and the continued threat of terrorism in the united states or abroad, the continuation or escalation of existing armed hostilities or the outbreak of additional hostilities, including military and other action by the united states and its allies, could have a significant impact on us and the assets and businesses of our subsidiaries. cna issues coverages that are exposed to risk of loss from an act of terrorism. terrorist acts or the threat of terrorism could also result in increased political, economic and financial market instability, a decline in energy consumption and volatility in the price of oil and gas, which could affect the market for diamond offshore's drilling services and boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage services. in addition, future terrorist attacks could lead to reductions in business travel and tourism which could harm loews hotels. while our subsidiaries take steps that they believe are appropriate to secure their assets, there is no assurance that they can completely secure them against a terrorist attack or obtain adequate insurance coverage for terrorist acts at reasonable rates.
40
changes in tax laws, regulations or treaties, or the interpretation or enforcement thereof in jurisdictions in which we or our subsidiaries operate could adversely impact us.
changes in federal, state or foreign tax laws, regulations or treaties applicable to us or our subsidiaries or changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof could materially and adversely impact our and our subsidiaries' tax liability, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including the amount of cash our subsidiaries have available to distribute to their shareholders, including us. other potential tax law changes, including further modification of the federal corporate tax rate, the taxation of interest from municipal bonds (and thus the rate at which cna discounts certain reserves) or foreign earnings could have such material adverse effects.
our subsidiaries face significant risks related to compliance with environmental laws.
our subsidiaries have extensive obligations and financial exposure related to compliance with federal, state, local, foreign and international environmental laws, including those relating to the discharge of substances into the environment, the disposal, removal or clean up of hazardous wastes and other activities relating to the protection of the environment. many of such laws have become increasingly stringent in recent years and may in some cases impose strict liability, which could be substantial, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of that person. for example, diamond offshore could be liable for damages and costs incurred in connection with oil spills related to its operations, including for conduct of or conditions caused by others. boardwalk pipelines is also subject to environmental laws and regulations, including requiring the acquisition of permits or other approvals to conduct regulated activities, restricting the manner in which it disposes of waste, requiring remedial action to remove or mitigate contamination resulting from a spill or other release and requiring capital expenditures to comply with pollution control requirements. in addition, altium packaging may be adversely affected by laws or regulations concerning environmental matters that increase the cost of producing, or otherwise adversely affect the demand for, plastic products. further, existing environmental laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof may be amended and new laws may be adopted in the future.
failures or interruptions in or breaches to our or our subsidiaries' computer systems could materially and adversely affect our or our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries are dependent upon information technologies, computer systems and networks, including those maintained by us and our subsidiaries and those maintained and provided to us and our subsidiaries by third parties (for example, "software-as-a-service" and cloud solutions), to conduct operations and are reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our and their businesses. we and our subsidiaries are dependent upon operational and financial computer systems to process the data necessary to conduct almost all aspects of our and their businesses. any failure of our or our subsidiaries' computer systems, or those of our or their customers, vendors or others with whom we and they do business, could materially disrupt business operations. computer, telecommunications and other business facilities and systems could become unavailable or impaired from a variety of causes, including storms and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, fires, utility outages, theft, design defects, human error or complications encountered as existing systems are replaced or upgraded. in addition, it has been reported that unknown entities or groups have mounted so-called "cyber attacks" on businesses and other organizations solely to disable or disrupt computer systems, disrupt operations and, in some cases, steal data. in particular, the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate energy assets may be specific targets of cyber attacks, which can have catastrophic consequences and there have also been reports that hotel chains, among other consumer-facing businesses, have been subject to various cyber attacks targeting payment card and other sensitive consumer information. breaches of our and our subsidiaries' computer security infrastructure can result from actions by our employees, vendors, third party administrators or by unknown third parties, and may disrupt our or their operations, cause significant damage to our or their assets and surrounding areas, cause loss of life or serious bodily injury and impact our or their data framework or cause a failure to protect personal information of customers or employees.
the foregoing risks relating to disruption of service, interruption of operations and data loss could impact our and our subsidiaries' ability to timely perform critical business functions, resulting in disruption or deterioration in our and our subsidiaries' operations and business and expose us and our subsidiaries to monetary and reputational damages. in addition, potential exposures include substantially increased compliance costs and required computer system upgrades and security related investments. the breach of confidential information also could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and regulations, both in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions.
41
some of our subsidiaries' customer bases are concentrated.
some of our subsidiaries' customer bases are concentrated. for instance, during 2019, two of diamond offshore's customers in the gulf of mexico and diamond offshore's three largest customers accounted for 50% and an aggregate of 69% of its annual total consolidated revenues. in addition, the number of customers that it has performed services for declined from 35 in 2014 to 12 in 2019. as of january 1, 2020, diamond offshore's contracted backlog was an aggregate $1.6 billion of which 43%, 44% and 24% is attributable to its operations in the gulf of mexico for the years 2020, 2021 and 2022, from three customers. for boardwalk pipelines, for 2019, no customer comprised more than 10% or more of its operating revenues. however, as of december 31, 2019, the top ten customers holding future capacity on its pipelines under firm agreements comprised approximately 37% of its future revenues. altium packaging also depends on several large customers. the loss of or other problem with a significant customer could have a material adverse impact on these subsidiaries' businesses and our financial results.
loss of key vendor relationships or issues relating to the transitioning of vendor relationships could result in a materially adverse effect on our and our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries rely on products, equipment and services provided by many third party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers in the united states and abroad, which exposes us and them to volatility in the quality, price and availability of such items. these include, for example, vendors of computer hardware, software and services, as well as other critical materials and services (including, in the case of cna, claims administrators performing significant claims administration and adjudication functions). certain products, equipment and services may be available from a limited number of sources. if one or more key vendors becomes unable to continue to provide products, equipment or services at the requisite level for any reason, or fails to protect our proprietary information, including in some cases personal information of employees, customers or hotel guests, we and our subsidiaries may experience a material adverse effect on our or their business, operations and reputation.
we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of the long-lived assets and goodwill of our subsidiaries.
our subsidiaries regularly evaluate their long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. most notably, we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of offshore drilling equipment at diamond offshore, pipeline and storage assets at boardwalk pipelines and hotel properties owned by loews hotels.
in particular, diamond offshore is currently experiencing declining demand for certain offshore drilling rigs as a result of depressed oil prices and excess rig supply and a protracted downturn in the industry. as a result, diamond offshore may incur additional asset impairments, rig retirements and/or rigs being scrapped.
we also test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment exists. asset impairment evaluations by us and our subsidiaries with respect to both long-lived assets and goodwill are, by nature, highly subjective. the use of different estimates and assumptions could result in materially different carrying values of our assets which could impact the need to record an impairment charge and the amount of any charge taken.
changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements could adversely affect our or our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries are required to prepare financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), as promulgated by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"). it is possible that future accounting standards that we and our subsidiaries are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we and our subsidiaries apply to our and our subsidiaries' consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our and our subsidiaries' results of operations and financial condition. for further information regarding changes in accounting standards that are currently pending and, if known, our estimates of their expected impact to the company, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
42
we are a holding company and derive substantially all of our income and cash flow from our subsidiaries.
we rely upon our invested cash balances and distributions from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations and to declare and pay any dividends to holders of our common stock. our subsidiaries are separate and independent legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to make funds available to us, whether in the form of loans, dividends or otherwise. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to, among other things, the availability of sufficient earnings and funds in such subsidiaries, applicable state laws, including in the case of the insurance subsidiaries of cna, laws and rules governing the payment of dividends by regulated insurance companies, and their compliance with covenants in their respective loan agreements. claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will generally have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and those of our creditors and shareholders.
we and our subsidiaries face competition for senior executives and qualified specialized talent.
we and our subsidiaries depend on the services of our key personnel, who possess skills critical to the operation of our and their businesses. our and our subsidiaries' executive management teams are highly experienced and possess extensive skills in their relevant industries. the ability to retain senior executives and to attract and retain highly skilled professionals and personnel with specialized industry and technical experience is important to our and our subsidiaries' success and future growth. competition for this talent can be intense, and we and our subsidiaries may not be successful in our efforts. the unexpected loss of the services of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on us and our subsidiaries and could hinder our and their ability to effectively compete in the various industries in which we and they operate.
from time to time we and our subsidiaries are subject to litigation, for which we and they may be unable to accurately assess the level of exposure and which if adversely determined, may have a significant adverse effect on our or their consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
we and our subsidiaries are or may become parties to legal proceedings and disputes. these matters may include, among others, contract disputes, claims disputes, reinsurance disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, intellectual property disputes, disputes related to employment and tax matters and other litigation incidental to our or their businesses. although our current assessment is that, other than as disclosed in this report, there is no pending litigation that could have a significant adverse impact, it is difficult to predict the outcome or effect of any litigation matters and if our assessment proves to be in error, then the outcome of litigation could have a significant impact on our financial statements.
we could have liability in the future for tobacco-related lawsuits.
as a result of our ownership of lorillard, inc. ("lorillard") prior to the separation of lorillard from us in 2008 (the "separation"), from time to time we have been named as a defendant in tobacco-related lawsuits and could be named as a defendant in additional tobacco-related suits, notwithstanding the completion of the separation. in the separation agreement entered into between us and lorillard and its subsidiaries in connection with the separation, lorillard and each of its subsidiaries has agreed to indemnify us for liabilities related to lorillard's tobacco business, including liabilities that we may incur for current and future tobacco-related litigation against us. while we do not believe that we have any liability for tobacco-related claims, and we have never been held liable for any such claims, an adverse decision in a tobacco-related lawsuit against us could, if the indemnification is deemed for any reason to be unenforceable or any amounts owed to us thereunder are not collectible, in whole or in part, have a material adverse effect on us.
43
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is comprised of the following sections:
page no.
overview                               49
results of operations                  49
consolidated financial results         49
cna financial                          50
diamond offshore                       54
boardwalk pipelines                    56
loews hotels &amp; co                  60
corporate                              60
liquidity and capital resources        61
parent company                         61
subsidiaries                           62
contractual obligations                64
investments                            65
insurance reserves                     68
critical accounting estimates          77
accounting standards update            79
forward-looking statements             79
48
overview we are a holding company and have five reportable segments comprised of four individual operating subsidiaries, cna financial corporation ("cna"), diamond offshore drilling, inc. ("diamond offshore"), boardwalk pipeline partners, lp ("boardwalk pipelines") and loews hotels holding corporation ("loews hotels & co"); and the corporate segment, which includes the operations of altium packaging llc ("altium packaging"). each of our operating subsidiaries is headed by a chief executive officer who is responsible for the operation of its business and has the duties and authority commensurate with that position.
we rely upon our invested cash balances and distributions from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations and to declare and pay any dividends to our shareholders. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to, among other things, the availability of sufficient earnings and funds in such subsidiaries, applicable state laws, including in the case of the insurance subsidiaries of cna, laws and rules governing the payment of dividends by regulated insurance companies (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8) and compliance with covenants in their respective loan agreements. claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will generally have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and those of our creditors and shareholders.
unless the context otherwise requires, references in this report to "loews corporation," "the company," "parent company," "we," "our," "us" or like terms refer to the business of loews corporation excluding its subsidiaries.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with item 1a, risk factors, and item 8, financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k. for a discussion of changes in results of operations comparing the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 for loews corporation and its subsidiaries see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on february 13, 2019.
results of operations consolidated financial results the following table summarizes net income attributable to loews corporation by segment and net income per share attributable to loews corporation for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31                         2019             2018
(in millions, except per share)
cna financial                                            $894             $726
diamond offshore                                        (175)            (112)
boardwalk pipelines                                       209              135
loews hotels &amp; co                                    (31)               48
corporate                                                  35            (161)
net income attributable to loews corporation             $932             $636
basic net income per common share                       $3.08            $1.99
diluted net income per common share                      3.07             1.99
2019 compared with 2018
consolidated net income attributable to loews corporation for 2019 was $932 million, or $3.07 per share, compared to $636 million, or $1.99 per share, in 2018.
net income for 2019 increased due to higher earnings at cna and boardwalk pipelines, as well as higher parent company net investment income. these increases were partially offset by lower results at diamond offshore and loews hotels & co.
49
cna financial the following table summarizes the results of operations for cna for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. for further discussion of net investment income and net investment gains or losses, see the investments section of this md&a.
year ended december 31                             2019                               2018
(in millions)
revenues:
insurance premiums                                           $7,428                 $7,312
net investment income                                         2,118                  1,817
investment gains (losses)                                        49                    (57   )
non-insurance warranty revenue                                1,161                  1,007
operating revenues and other                                     32                     55
total                                                        10,788                 10,134
expenses:
insurance claims and policyholders' benefits                  5,806                  5,572
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                    1,383                  1,335
non-insurance warranty expense                                1,082                    923
other operating expenses                                      1,141                  1,203
interest                                                        152                    138
total                                                         9,564                  9,171
income before income tax                                      1,224                    963
income tax expense                                             (224   )               (151   )
net income                                                    1,000                    812
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests               (106   )                (86   )
net income attributable to loews corporation                   $894                   $726
2019 compared with 2018
net income attributable to loews corporation increased $168 million in 2019 as compared with 2018 primarily due to higher net investment income driven by limited partnership and common stock returns and favorable current accident year underwriting results. earnings also benefited from higher net realized investment results driven by the change in fair value of non-redeemable preferred stock still held as of december 31, 2019 and lower adverse prior year a&ep reserve development. these increases were partially offset by a $151 million charge (after tax and noncontrolling interests) related to the recognition of a premium deficiency as a result of the third quarter 2019 gross premium valuation ("gpv") and lower favorable net prior period loss reserve development in the current year.
cna's property & casualty and other insurance operations cna's commercial property and casualty insurance operations ("property & casualty operations") include its specialty, commercial and international lines of business. cna's other insurance operations outside of property & casualty operations include its long term care business that is in run-off, certain corporate expenses, including interest on cna's corporate debt, and certain property and casualty businesses in run-off, including cna re and a&ep. cna's products and services are primarily marketed through independent agents, brokers and managing general underwriters to a wide variety of customers, including small, medium and large businesses, insurance companies, associations, professionals and other groups. we believe the presentation of cna as one reportable segment is appropriate in accordance with applicable accounting standards on segment reporting. however, for purposes of this discussion and analysis of the results of operations, we provide greater detail with respect to cna's property & casualty operations and other insurance operations to enhance the reader's understanding and to provide further transparency into key drivers of cna's financial results.
50
in assessing cna's insurance operations, the company utilizes the core income (loss) financial measure. core income (loss) is calculated by excluding from net income (loss) (i) net investment gains or losses, (ii) income or loss from discontinued operations, (iii) any cumulative effects of changes in accounting guidance and (iv) deferred tax asset and liability remeasurement as a result of an enacted u.s. federal tax rate change. in addition, core income (loss) excludes the effects of noncontrolling interests. the calculation of core income (loss) excludes net investment gains or losses because net investment gains or losses are generally driven by economic factors that are not reflective of cna's primary insurance operations. core income (loss) is deemed to be a non-gaap financial measure and management believes this measure is useful for investors to evaluate its insurance operations.
property & casualty operations in evaluating the results of property & casualty operations, cna utilizes the loss ratio, the expense ratio, the dividend ratio and the combined ratio. these ratios are calculated using gaap financial results. the loss ratio is the percentage of net incurred claim and claim adjustment expenses to net earned premiums. the expense ratio is the percentage of insurance underwriting and acquisition expenses, including the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, to net earned premiums. the dividend ratio is the ratio of policyholders' dividends incurred to net earned premiums. the combined ratio is the sum of the loss, expense and dividend ratios. in addition, cna also utilizes renewal premium change, rate, retention and new business in evaluating operating trends. renewal premium change represents the estimated change in average premium on policies that renew, including rate and exposure changes. rate represents the average change in price on policies that renew excluding exposure change. for certain products within small business, where quantifiable, rate includes the influence of new business as well. exposure represents the measure of risk used in the pricing of the insurance product. retention represents the percentage of premium dollars renewed in comparison to the expiring premium dollars from policies available to renew. renewal premium change, rate and retention presented for the prior year are updated to reflect subsequent activity on policies written in the period. new business represents premiums from policies written with new customers and additional policies written with existing customers. gross written premiums, excluding third party captives, represents gross written premiums excluding business which is mostly ceded to third party captives, including business related to large warranty programs.
51
the following tables summarize the results of cna's property & casualty operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
year ended december 31, 2019                                 specialty            commercial            international               total
(in millions, except %)
gross written premiums                                         $ 6,900               $ 3,693                  $ 1,111            $ 11,704
gross written premiums excluding third party captives            3,015                 3,609                    1,111               7,735
net written premiums                                             2,848                 3,315                      971               7,134
net earned premiums                                              2,773                 3,162                      974               6,909
net investment income                                              556                   654                       63               1,273
core income                                                        671                   489                       30               1,190
other performance metrics:
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio                            57.5   %              67.3   %                 64.1   %            62.9   %
expense ratio                                                     32.5                  32.9                     37.7                33.5
dividend ratio                                                     0.2                   0.6                                          0.3
combined ratio                                                    90.2   %             100.8   %                101.8   %            96.7   %
rate                                                                5%                    3%                       8%                  5%
renewal premium change                                               6                     5                        7                   6
retention                                                           87                    86                       71                  84
new business                                                     $ 367                 $ 683                    $ 273             $ 1,323
year ended december 31, 2018
gross written premiums                                       $ 6,904            $ 3,350            $ 1,150            $ 11,404
gross written premiums excluding third party captives          2,834              3,267              1,150               7,251
net written premiums                                           2,744              3,060              1,018               6,822
net earned premiums                                            2,732              3,050              1,001               6,783
net investment income                                            439                500                 57                 996
core income (loss)                                               629                357                (19   )             967
other performance metrics:
loss and loss adjustment expense ratio                          55.9   %           67.3   %           69.8   %            63.1   %
expense ratio                                                   32.1               33.1               36.7                33.2
dividend ratio                                                   0.2                0.7                                    0.4
combined ratio                                                  88.2   %          101.1   %          106.5   %            96.7   %
rate                                                              2%                 1%                 4%                  2%
renewal premium change                                             5                  5                  6                   5
retention                                                         85                 85                 77                  84
new business                                                   $ 353              $ 566              $ 307             $ 1,226
2019 compared with 2018
total gross written premiums increased $300 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. total net written premiums increased $312 million in 2019 as compared with 2018.
gross written premiums for commercial increased $343 million in 2019 as compared with 2018 driven by higher new business and rate. net written premiums for commercial increased $255 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. the increase in net earned premiums was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for commercial.
52
gross written premiums for specialty, excluding third party captives, increased $181 million in 2019 as compared with 2018 driven by strong retention and rate. net written premiums for specialty increased $104 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. the increase in net earned premiums was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for specialty.
gross written premiums for international decreased $39 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rates, gross written premiums decreased $7 million, driven by the premium reduction from hardy's strategic exit from certain business classes announced in the fourth quarter of 2018 largely offset by growth in canada and europe. net written premiums for international decreased $47 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rates, net written premiums decreased $16 million. the decrease in net earned premiums was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for international.
core income increased $223 million in 2019 as compared with 2018 primarily due to higher net investment income driven by limited partnership and common stock returns and improved current accident year underwriting results in international, partially offset by lower favorable net prior year loss reserve development.
net catastrophe losses were $179 million in 2019 as compared with $252 million in 2018. in 2019 and 2018, specialty had net catastrophe losses of $15 million and $26 million, commercial had net catastrophe losses of $154 million and $193 million and international had net catastrophe losses of $10 million and $33 million.
favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $73 million and $181 million was recorded in 2019 and 2018. in 2019 and 2018, specialty recorded favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $92 million and $150 million, commercial recorded favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $2 million as compared with $25 million and international recorded unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development of $21 million as compared with favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $4 million. further information on net prior year loss reserve development is included in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
specialty's combined ratio increased 2.0 points in 2019 as compared with 2018. the loss ratio increased 1.6 points driven by lower favorable net prior year loss reserve development. the expense ratio increased 0.4 points in 2019 as compared with 2018 driven by higher employee costs.
commercial's combined ratio improved 0.3 points in 2019 as compared with 2018. the loss ratio was consistent with the prior year. less favorable net prior year loss reserve development and unfavorable retrospective premium development were largely offset by lower catastrophe losses. the expense ratio was largely consistent with 2018.
international's combined ratio improved 4.7 points in 2019 as compared with 2018. the loss ratio improved 5.7 points, driven by improved current accident year underwriting results partially offset by unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development in the current year. the expense ratio increased 1.0 point in 2019 as compared with 2018 driven by lower net earned premiums.
other insurance operations the following table summarizes the results of cna's other insurance operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
years ended december 31   2019                2018
(in millions)
net earned premiums                $520                $530
net investment income               845                 821
core loss                          (211   )            (122   )
53
2019 compared with 2018
core loss increased $89 million in 2019 as compared with 2018 driven by a $170 million charge related to recognition of an active life reserve premium deficiency partially offset by a $44 million reduction in long term care claim reserves resulting from the annual claim experience study in the third quarter of 2019. the favorable claim reserve development was primarily due to lower claim severity than anticipated in the reserve estimates. the prior year included a $24 million reduction in long term care reserves resulting from the 2018 annual claim study. core results benefited from lower adverse net prior year reserve development recorded in 2019 for a&ep under the loss portfolio transfer as further discussed in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. additionally, 2018 included non-recurring costs of $27 million associated with the transition to a new it infrastructure service provider.
non-gaap reconciliation of core income to net income the following table reconciles core income to net income attributable to loews corporation for the cna segment for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31                                                                 2019                          2018
(in millions)
core income (loss):
property &amp; casualty operations                                                             $1,190                $967
other insurance operations                                                                       (211   )            (122   )
total core income                                                                                 979                 845
investment gains (losses) (after tax)                                                              37                 (43   )
consolidating adjustments including purchase accounting and noncontrolling interests             (122   )             (76   )
net income attributable to loews corporation                                                     $894                $726
diamond offshore overview over the past several years, crude oil prices have been volatile, reaching a high of $115 per barrel in 2014 but dropping to $55 per barrel by the end of 2014. in 2015, oil prices continued to decline, closing at $37 per barrel at the end of the year, and continuing to fall to a low of $28 per barrel during 2016 before recovering to nearly $57 per barrel by the end of 2016. the price of crude oil continued to fluctuate in 2017 and 2018, with oil prices in the $60 per barrel range at the beginning of 2019. as of the date of this report, brent crude oil prices were in the mid $50 per barrel range, having started 2020 in the mid-to-upper $60 per barrel range. as a result of, among other things, this continued volatility in commodity price and its uncertain future, the offshore drilling industry has experienced a substantial decline in demand for its services, as well as a significant decline in dayrates for contract drilling services.
industry-wide floater utilization was approximately 66% at the end of 2019 based on industry analyst reports, which was unchanged from the third quarter of 2019, but an increase from nearly 60% utilization at the end of 2018. tendering activity has also increased in some markets, but drilling programs remain primarily short term in nature, with options for future wells. industry analysts have reported that capital investments are expected to increase slightly in 2020 compared to recent years, but forecasted spending in 2020 remains lower than previous spending levels. dayrates remain low and pricing power currently remains with the customer, as some industry analysts have indicated that, based on historical data, utilization rates must increase to the 80%-range before pricing power shifts to the drilling contractor.
54
from a supply perspective, the offshore floater market remains oversupplied with approximately 240 rigs available based on industry reports. over the last six years, 135 floaters reportedly have been scrapped; however, the pace of rig attrition has now slowed. industry reports indicate that there remain approximately 25 newbuild floaters on order with scheduled deliveries in 2020 through 2022. of these newbuild rigs, 16 are scheduled for delivery in 2020, but only one is under contract as of the date of this report. in addition, over the next twelve months, more than 60 currently contracted floaters are estimated to roll off their contracts, further adding to the oversupply of floaters. this combination of factors points to a continued, challenging offshore drilling market and a continuation of the protracted industry downturn.
diamond offshore evaluates its drilling rigs for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. the current oversupply of rigs, together with the current protracted industry downturn, heightens the risk of the need for future rig impairments.
as a result of the continuing protracted industry downturn and these challenges, diamond offshore is continuing to actively seek ways to drive efficiency, reduce non-productive time and provide technical innovation to its customers. diamond offshore expects these innovations and efficiencies to result in faster and safer drilling and completion of wells, leading to lower overall well costs to the benefit of its customers.
contract drilling backlog diamond offshore's contract drilling backlog was $1.6 billion, $1.8 billion and $2.0 billion as of january 1, 2020 (based on contract information known at that time), october 1, 2019 (the date reported in our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2019) and january 1, 2019 (the date reported in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018). the contract drilling backlog by year as of january 1, 2020 is $802 million in 2020, $486 million in 2021 and an aggregate of $323 million in 2022 through 2023. contract drilling backlog excludes a future gross margin commitment of approximately $25 million in 2020 and an aggregate of approximately $75 million for the three year period ending december 31, 2023, payable by a customer in the form of a guarantee of gross margin to be earned on future contracts or by direct payment at the end of each of the two respective periods, pursuant to terms of an existing contract.
contract drilling backlog includes only firm commitments (typically represented by signed contracts) and is calculated by multiplying the contracted operating dayrate by the firm contract period. diamond offshore's calculation also assumes full utilization of its drilling equipment for the contract period (excluding scheduled shipyard and survey days); however, the amount of actual revenue to be earned and the actual periods during which revenues will be earned will be different than the amounts and periods stated above due to various factors affecting utilization such as weather conditions and unscheduled repairs and maintenance. contract drilling backlog excludes revenues for mobilization, demobilization, contract preparation and customer reimbursables. changes in diamond offshore's contract drilling backlog between periods are generally a function of the performance of work on term contracts, as well as the extension or modification of existing term contracts and the execution of additional contracts. in addition, under certain circumstances, diamond offshore's customers may seek to terminate or renegotiate its contracts, which could adversely affect its reported backlog.
results of operations diamond offshore's pretax operating income (loss) is primarily a function of contract drilling revenue earned less contract drilling expenses incurred or recognized. the two most significant variables affecting diamond offshore's contract drilling revenues are dayrates earned and rig utilization rates achieved by its rigs, each of which is a function of rig supply and demand in the marketplace. revenues are also affected by the acquisition or disposal of rigs, rig mobilizations, required surveys and shipyard projects.
operating expenses represent all direct and indirect costs associated with the operation and maintenance of diamond offshore's drilling equipment. the principal components of diamond offshore's operating expenses include direct and indirect costs of labor and benefits, repairs and maintenance, freight, regulatory inspections, boat and helicopter rentals and insurance.
55
the following table summarizes the results of operations for diamond offshore for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                             2019                           2018
(in millions)
revenues:
net investment income                                          $6                   $8
contract drilling revenues                                    935                1,060
other revenues                                                 47                   25
total                                                         988                1,093
expenses:
contract drilling expenses                                    793                  723
other operating expenses:
impairment of assets                                                                27
other expenses                                                474                  446
interest                                                      123                  123
total                                                       1,390                1,319
loss before income tax                                       (402   )             (226   )
income tax benefit                                             60                   30
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests              167                   84
net loss attributable to loews corporation                  $(175   )            $(112   )
2019 compared with 2018
contract drilling revenue decreased $125 million in 2019 as compared with 2018, primarily due to lower average daily revenue, partially offset by the effect of an increase in revenue earning days and recognition of revenues related to a gross margin commitment from a customer. contract drilling expense increased $70 million in 2019 as compared with 2018, primarily due to incremental amortization of previously deferred contract preparation and mobilization costs, incremental contract drilling expense for a rig which was reactivated for a new contract in 2019 and increased costs for the 2019 rig fleet. the increase in contract drilling expense was partially offset by reduced costs for a rig which was sold in the second quarter of 2019 and lower fuel costs for the current fleet.
net loss attributable to loews corporation increased $63 million in 2019 as compared with 2018 reflecting lower margins from contract drilling services, primarily driven by lower contract drilling revenue discussed above. the results for 2019 also reflect higher depreciation expense primarily due to capital expenditures and the completion of software implementation projects in 2019, partially offset by the absence of costs related to the settlement of a legal claim in 2018 and a higher income tax benefit.
boardwalk pipelines overview boardwalk pipelines derives revenues primarily from the transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids ("ngls"). transportation services consist of firm natural gas transportation, where the customer pays a capacity reservation charge to reserve pipeline capacity at receipt and delivery points along pipeline systems, plus a commodity and fuel charge on the volume of natural gas actually transported, and interruptible natural gas transportation, under which the customer pays to transport gas only when capacity is available and used. the transportation rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available natural gas supplies, geographical location of natural gas production, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and liquefied natural gas ("lng") export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials). rates for short term firm and interruptible transportation services are influenced by shorter term market conditions such as current and forecasted weather.
56
boardwalk pipelines offers firm natural gas storage services in which the customer reserves and pays for a specific amount of storage capacity, including injection and withdrawal rights, and interruptible storage and parking and lending ("pal") services where the customer receives and pays for capacity only when it is available and used. the value of boardwalk pipelines' storage and pal services (comprised of parking gas for customers and/or lending gas to customers) is affected by natural gas price differentials between time periods, such as between winter and summer (time period price spreads), price volatility of natural gas and other factors. boardwalk pipelines' storage and parking services have greater value when the natural gas futures market is in contango (a positive time period price spread, meaning that current price quotes for delivery of natural gas further in the future are higher than in the nearer term), while its lending service has greater value when the futures market is backwardated (a negative time period price spread, meaning that current price quotes for delivery of natural gas in the nearer term are higher than further in the future). the value of both storage and pal services may also be favorably impacted by increased volatility in the price of natural gas, which allows boardwalk pipelines to optimize the value of its storage and pal capacity.
boardwalk pipelines also transports and stores ngls. contracts for boardwalk pipelines' ngls services are generally fee based or based on minimum volume requirements, while others are dependent on actual volumes transported. boardwalk pipelines' ngls storage rates are market-based and contracts are typically fixed price arrangements with escalation clauses. boardwalk pipelines is not in the business of buying and selling natural gas and ngls other than for system management purposes, but changes in natural gas and ngls prices may impact the volumes of natural gas or ngls transported and stored by customers on its systems. due to the capital intensive nature of its business, boardwalk pipelines' operating costs and expenses typically do not vary significantly based upon the amount of products transported, with the exception of fuel consumed at its compressor stations and not included in a fuel tracker.
firm agreements a substantial portion of boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage capacity is contracted for under firm agreements. for the year ended december 31, 2019, approximately 87% of boardwalk pipelines' revenues, excluding retained fuel, were derived from fixed fees under firm agreements. the table below shows a rollforward of operating revenues under committed firm agreements in place as of december 31, 2018 to december 31, 2019, including agreements for transportation, storage and other services, over the remaining term of those agreements:
as of december 31, 2019
(in millions)
total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements as of december 31, 2018         $9,133
adjustments for:
actual revenues recognized from firm agreements in 2019 (a)                                        (1,157   )
firm agreements entered into in 2019                                                                1,353
total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements as of december 31, 2019         $9,329
(a)   reflects an increase of $73 million in boardwalk pipelines' actual 2019 revenues recognized from fixed fees under firm agreements as compared with its expected 2019 revenues from fixed fees under firm agreements, including agreements for transportation, storage and other services as of december 31, 2018, primarily due to an increase from contract renewals that occurred in 2019.

during 2019, boardwalk pipelines entered into approximately $1.4 billion of new firm agreements, of which over half were from new growth projects executed in 2019, but will not be placed into commercial service until 2020 or later years. for boardwalk pipelines' customers that are charged maximum tariff rates related to its ferc-regulated operating subsidiaries, the revenues expected to be earned from fixed fees under committed firm agreements reflect the current tariff rate for such services for the term of the agreements, however, the tariff rates may be subject to future adjustment. the estimated revenues reflected in the table may also include estimated revenues that are anticipated under executed precedent transportation agreements for projects that are subject to regulatory approval. the revenues expected to be earned from fixed fees under committed firm agreements do not include additional revenues boardwalk pipelines has recognized and may recognize under firm agreements based on actual utilization of the contracted
57
pipeline or storage capacity, any expected revenues for periods after the expiration dates of the existing agreements or execution of precedent agreements associated with growth projects or other events that occurred or will occur subsequent to december 31, 2019.
contract renewals each year a portion of boardwalk pipelines' firm transportation and storage agreements expire. the rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available supply, geographical location of natural gas production, the competition between producing basins, competition with other pipelines for supply and markets, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and lng export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials) and boardwalk pipelines' storage rates are additionally impacted by natural gas price differentials between time periods, such as winter to summer (time period price spreads), and the volatility in time period price spreads. demand for firm service is primarily based on market conditions which can vary across boardwalk pipelines' pipeline systems. the amount of change in firm reservation fees under contract reflects the overall market trends, including the impact from boardwalk pipelines' growth projects. boardwalk pipelines focuses its marketing efforts on enhancing the value of the capacity that is up for renewal and works with customers to match gas supplies from various basins to new and existing customers and markets, including aggregating supplies at key locations along its pipelines to provide end-use customers with attractive and diverse supply options. if the market perceives the value of boardwalk pipelines' available capacity to be lower than its long term view of the capacity, boardwalk pipelines may seek to shorten contract terms until market perception improves.
over the past several years, as a result of market conditions, boardwalk pipelines has renewed some expiring contracts at lower rates or for shorter terms than in the past. in addition to normal contract expirations, in the 2018 to 2020 timeframe, transportation agreements associated with its significant pipeline expansion projects that were placed into service in the 2007-2009 timeframe, have expired. a substantial portion of the capacity associated with the pipeline expansion projects was renewed or the contracts were restructured, usually at lower rates or lower volumes. historically, boardwalk pipelines had delivered the majority of production volumes from these pipeline expansion projects to other pipelines. over the past several years, boardwalk pipelines has focused on diversifying its deliveries to end-use markets. with the capacity becoming available from contract expirations and the capacity created from its new growth projects, boardwalk pipelines was able to execute new firm agreements which has resulted in diversifying its deliveries such that over 75% of its projected future firm reservation revenues, from firm agreements in place as of december 31, 2019, are for deliveries to end-use customers.
pipeline system maintenance boardwalk pipelines incurs substantial costs for ongoing maintenance of its pipeline systems and related facilities, including those incurred for pipeline integrity management activities, equipment overhauls, general upkeep and repairs. these costs are not dependent on the amount of revenues earned from its transportation services. phmsa has developed regulations that require transportation pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs to comprehensively evaluate certain areas along pipelines and take additional measures to protect pipeline segments located in highly populated areas. these regulations have resulted in an overall increase in boardwalk pipelines' ongoing maintenance costs, including maintenance capital and maintenance expense. in 2019, phmsa issued the first part of its gas mega rule, which imposes numerous requirements, including maop reconfirmation, the periodic assessment of additional pipeline mileage outside of hcas (in mcas as well as class 3 and class 4 areas), the reporting of exceedances of maop and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. the remaining rulemakings comprising the gas mega rule are expected to be issued in 2020 and will include revised pipeline repair criteria as well as more stringent corrosion control requirements. it is expected that these new rules will cause boardwalk pipelines to incur increased capital and operating costs, experience operational delays and result in potential adverse impacts to its ability to reliably serve its customers as described under item 1a, risk factors of this report.
58
maintenance costs may be capitalized or expensed, depending on the nature of the activities. for any given reporting period, the mix of projects that boardwalk pipelines undertakes will affect the amounts recorded as property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets or recognize as expenses, which impacts earnings. in 2020, boardwalk pipelines expects to spend approximately $370 million to maintain its pipeline systems, of which approximately $155 million is expected to be maintenance capital. in 2019, boardwalk pipelines spent $358 million, of which $139 million was recorded as maintenance capital.
results of operations the following table summarizes the results of operations for boardwalk pipelines for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                             2019                             2018
(in millions)
revenues:
operating revenues and other                                $1,300                $1,227
total                                                        1,300                 1,227
expenses:
operating and other                                            840                   820
interest                                                       179                   176
total                                                        1,019                   996
income before income tax                                       281                   231
income tax expense                                             (72   )               (28   )
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests                                     (68   )
net income attributable to loews corporation                  $209                  $135
2019 compared with 2018
total revenues increased $73 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. excluding the net effect of items offset in fuel and transportation expense and net proceeds of approximately $24 million as a result of drawing on letters of credit due to a customer bankruptcy, operating revenues increased $53 million primarily driven by boardwalk pipelines' recently completed growth projects, partially offset by contract restructurings and contract expirations that were recontracted at overall lower average rates.
operating expenses increased $20 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. excluding items offset in operating revenues, operating expenses increased $18 million as compared with the prior year primarily due to higher maintenance project expenses and an increased asset base from recently completed growth projects.
net income attributable to loews corporation increased $74 million in 2019 as compared with 2018 due to the changes discussed above and the impact of the company owning 100% of boardwalk pipelines, which increased from 51% with the purchase of boardwalk pipelines common units on july 18, 2018.
59
loews hotels & co the following table summarizes the results of operations for loews hotels & co for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                                    2019           2018
(in millions)
revenues:
operating revenues                                        $578           $628
gain on sale of owned hotel                                                23
revenues related to reimbursable expenses                  114            104
total                                                      692            755
expenses:
operating and other:
operating                                                  493            533
asset impairments                                           99             22
reimbursable expenses                                      114            104
depreciation                                                61             67
equity income from joint ventures                          (69   )        (73   )
interest                                                    22             29
total                                                      720            682
income (loss) before income tax                            (28   )         73
income tax expense                                          (3   )        (25   )
net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation       $(31   )        $48
2019 compared with 2018
operating revenues decreased $50 million as compared with 2018 primarily due to an increase in hotel renovations, which reduced the number of available guestrooms at several hotel properties, and the sale of two owned hotel properties, one in the second quarter of 2019 and one in the third quarter of 2018. revenues were also impacted by lower management fees due to reduced operating revenues at managed properties. in addition, loews hotels operating revenues and expenses for 2019 each include a $15 million reduction due to the reclassification of services provided to customers by a third party vendor.
operating expenses decreased $40 million as compared with 2018 due to the above stated reclassification and the aforementioned sales of owned hotels in 2019 and 2018.
loews hotels considers events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. during 2019 and 2018, loews hotels determined that certain properties, each of which represent an asset group, had carrying values that were not recoverable, and therefore recorded impairment charges of $99 million and $22 million to reduce these properties carrying values to their estimated fair values. there were four properties identified in 2019 and two in 2018.
interest expense decreased $7 million as compared with 2018 due to additional capitalized interest on development projects in progress.
equity income from joint ventures decreased $4 million as compared with 2018 primarily due to pre-opening expenses for properties recently opened and properties currently under development.
corporate corporate operations consist primarily of investment income at the parent company, operating results of altium packaging, parent company interest expenses and other parent company administrative costs. investment income includes earnings on cash and short term investments held at the parent company to meet current and future liquidity needs, as well as results of limited partnership investments and the trading portfolio.
60
the following table summarizes the results of operations for corporate for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 as presented in note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                                      2019             2018
(in millions)
revenues:
net investment income (loss)                                $230             $(10   )
operating revenues and other                                 933              867
total                                                      1,163              857
expenses:
operating and other                                        1,004              956
interest                                                     115              108
total                                                      1,119            1,064
income (loss) before income tax                               44             (207   )
income tax (expense) benefit                                  (9   )           46
net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation          $35            $(161   )
2019 compared with 2018
net investment income was $230 million in 2019 as compared with a loss of $10 million in 2018, primarily due to improved performance from equity based investments in the parent company trading portfolio, partially offset by lower income from limited partnership investments as a result of lower invested balances.
operating revenues and other include altium packaging revenues of $932 million and $867 million for 2019 and 2018. the increase of $65 million in 2019 as compared with 2018, reflects an increase of $97 million related to acquisitions in 2018 and 2019. this increase was partially offset by lower volumes in the existing business and the pass-through effect of lower year-over-year resin prices. altium packaging's contracts generally provide for resin price changes to be passed through to its customers on a short-term lag, generally about one month. when a pass-through occurs, revenues and expenses generally change by the same amount so that altium packaging's gross margin returns to the same level as prior to the change in prices.
operating and other expenses include altium packaging operating expenses of $913 million and $828 million for 2019 and 2018, which include depreciation and amortization expense. the increase in altium packaging's operating expenses of $85 million in 2019 as compared with 2018 is primarily due to an increase of $96 million related to acquisitions in 2018 and 2019, partially offset by lower cost of goods sold due to lower volumes and lower resin prices.
corporate operating and other expenses were $91 million and $128 million for 2019 and 2018. the $37 million decrease from 2018 to 2019 stems from lower gross parent company expenses, severance costs incurred in 2018, the netting of investment expenses against investment income in 2019 and higher allocations to the subsidiaries in 2019.
liquidity and capital resources parent company parent company cash and investments, net of receivables and payables, totaled $3.3 billion at december 31, 2019 as compared to $3.1 billion at december 31, 2018. in 2019, we received $927 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, including a special dividend from cna of $485 million. cash inflows also included $183 million from loews hotels & co. cash outflows included the payment of $1.1 billion to fund treasury stock purchases and $76 million of cash dividends to our shareholders. as a holding company we depend on dividends from our subsidiaries and returns on our investment portfolio to fund our obligations. we also have an effective registration statement on form s-3 on file with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") registering the future sale of an unlimited amount of our debt and equity securities. we are not responsible for the liabilities and obligations of our subsidiaries and there are no parent company guarantees.
61
depending on market and other conditions, we may purchase our shares and shares of our subsidiaries outstanding common stock in the open market or otherwise. in 2019, we purchased 21.5 million shares of loews common stock. as of february 7, 2020, we had purchased an additional 3.3 million shares of loews common stock in 2020 at an aggregate cost of $172 million. as of february 7, 2020, there were 287,770,405 shares of loews common stock outstanding.
in july of 2019, fitch ratings inc., affirmed our unsecured debt rating of a and revised its outlook on the company from negative to stable. the company currently has a corporate credit and senior debt rating of a with a stable outlook from s&p global ratings ("s&p") and an unsecured debt rating of a3 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service ("moody's"). should one or more rating agencies downgrade our credit ratings from current levels, or announce that they have placed us under review for a potential downgrade, our cost of capital could increase and our ability to raise new capital could be adversely affected.
future uses of our cash may include investing in our subsidiaries, new acquisitions, dividends and/or repurchases of our and our subsidiaries' outstanding common stock. the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our earnings, financial condition and business needs.
subsidiaries cna's cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion in 2019 and $1.2 billion in 2018. cash provided by operating activities in 2019 reflected a $125 million pension contribution, a lower level of distributions on limited partnerships and higher net claim payments, partially offset by an increase in premiums collected as compared with 2018.
cna paid dividends of $3.40 per share on its common stock, including a special dividend of $2.00 per share in 2019. on february 7, 2020, cna's board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.37 per share and a special dividend of $2.00 per share payable march 12, 2020 to shareholders of record on february 24, 2020. cna's declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of its board of directors and will depend on many factors, including cna's earnings, financial condition, business needs and regulatory constraints. the payment of dividends by cna's insurance subsidiaries without prior approval of the insurance department of each subsidiary's domiciliary jurisdiction is limited by formula. dividends in excess of these amounts are subject to prior approval by the respective state insurance departments.
cna has an effective shelf registration statement under which it may publicly issue debt, equity or hybrid securities from time to time.
dividends from continental casualty company ("ccc"), a subsidiary of cna, are subject to the insurance holding company laws of the state of illinois, the domiciliary state of ccc. under these laws, ordinary dividends, or dividends that do not require prior approval by the illinois department of insurance (the "department"), are determined based on the greater of the prior year's statutory net income or 10% of statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding 12 months. additionally, ordinary dividends may only be paid from earned surplus, which is calculated by removing unrealized gains from unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2019, ccc is in a positive earned surplus position. the maximum allowable dividend ccc could pay during 2020 that would not be subject to the department's prior approval is $1,078 million, less dividends paid during the preceding 12 months measured at that point in time. ccc paid dividends of $1,065 million in 2019. the actual level of dividends paid in any year is determined after an assessment of available dividend capacity, holding company liquidity and cash needs as well as the impact the dividends will have on the statutory surplus of the applicable insurance company.
in july of 2019, a.m. best company ("a.m. best") upgraded cna's long term issuer credit rating from bbb to bbb+. in november of 2019, s&p upgraded cna's financial strength rating from a to a+ and long term issuer credit rating from bbb+ to a-. a.m. best, moody's and s&p maintain stable outlooks across cna's financial strength and long term issuer credit ratings.
62
diamond offshore's cash provided by operating activities decreased approximately $223 million in 2019 as compared with 2018, reflecting the effects of the protracted downturn in the offshore drilling industry. diamond offshore's cash flows in 2019, compared to 2018, reflect lower cash receipts for contract drilling services of $194 million, higher income tax payments, net of refunds, primarily in its foreign tax jurisdictions of $17 million and higher cash expenditures for contract drilling services and general and administrative costs of $12 million.
for 2019, diamond offshore's capital expenditures were $326 million and were funded from its operating cash flows and available cash. diamond offshore expects cash capital expenditures in 2020 to be approximately $190 million to $210 million. planned spending in 2020 associated with projects under its capital maintenance and replacement programs, includes equipment upgrades for the ocean blackrhino and ocean blacklion and costs associated with the completion of the reactivation and upgrade of the ocean onyx. at december 31, 2019, diamond offshore has no significant purchase obligations, except for those related to its direct rig operations, which arise during the normal course of business.
as of february 7, 2020, diamond offshore has no outstanding borrowings and approximately $1.2 billion, in the aggregate, available under its credit agreements. for the credit agreements, $225 million matures in october of 2020, which diamond offshore may have difficulty replacing upon maturity, and $950 million matures in october of 2023. these credit agreements may be used for general corporate purposes, including investments, acquisitions and capital expenditures. during 2019, diamond offshore's cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities decreased an aggregate $301 million and during 2018 increased an aggregate $74 million. based on diamond offshore's cash flow forecast, as of the date of this report, it expects to generate aggregate negative cash flows for 2020 and to begin to utilize borrowing under its credit agreements in the first half of 2020 to meet its liquidity requirements. diamond offshore anticipates ending 2020 with a drawn balance under its $950 million credit agreement. if market conditions do not improve, diamond offshore could continue to generate aggregate negative cash flows in future periods.
in september of 2019, s&p downgraded diamond offshore's corporate and senior unsecured notes credit ratings to ccc+ from b. the rating outlook from s&p changed to stable from negative. diamond offshore's current corporate credit rating from moody's is b2 and its current senior unsecured notes credit rating from moody's is b3. the rating outlook from moody's is negative. these credit ratings are below investment grade and could raise diamond offshore's cost of financing. consequently, diamond offshore may not be able to issue additional debt in amounts and/or with terms that it considers to be reasonable. these ratings could limit diamond offshore's ability to pursue other business opportunities or to refinance its indebtedness as it matures.
diamond offshore will make periodic assessments of its capital spending programs based on industry conditions and its cash flow forecast. diamond offshore, may, from time to time, issue debt or equity securities, or a combination thereof, to finance capital expenditures, the acquisition of assets and businesses or for general corporate purposes. diamond offshore has a shelf registration statement under which it may publicly issue from time to time up to $750 million of debt, equity and hybrid securities. diamond offshore's ability to access the capital markets by issuing debt or equity securities will be dependent on its results of operations, financial condition, credit ratings, market conditions and other factors beyond its control at such time.
boardwalk pipelines' cash provided by operating activities increased $96 million in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to the change in net income.
for 2019 and 2018, boardwalk pipelines' capital expenditures were $416 million and $468 million, consisting of a combination of growth and maintenance capital. during 2019 and 2018, boardwalk pipelines purchased $13 million and $19 million of natural gas to be used as base gas for its pipeline system. boardwalk pipelines expects total capital expenditures to be approximately $475 million in 2020, including approximately $155 million for maintenance capital and $320 million related to growth projects.
as of february 10, 2020, boardwalk pipelines had $390 million of outstanding borrowings under its credit facility, resulting in an available borrowing capacity of approximately $1.1 billion. boardwalk pipelines anticipates that its existing capital resources, including its revolving credit facility and cash flows from operating activities, will be adequate to fund its operations for 2020. boardwalk pipelines may seek to access the debt markets to fund some or all capital expenditures for growth projects, acquisitions or for general corporate purposes. boardwalk pipelines has an effective shelf registration statement under which it may publicly issue debt securities, warrants or rights from time to time.
63
during 2020, loews hotels & co anticipates funding approximately $87 million to its developments in progress, which will be derived from cash on hand, cash generated from operations and cash contributions from loews corporation.
in 2019, altium packaging paid approximately $260 million to complete three acquisitions of plastic packaging manufacturers located in the u.s. and canada, funded with approximately $250 million of debt financing proceeds and available cash, see notes 2 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations our contractual payment obligations are as follows:
payments due by period less than                                                             more than december 31, 2019                                        total                 1 year              1-3 years              3-5 years                 5 years
(in millions)
debt (a)                                               $16,279                   $616                 $2,620                 $4,185                  $8,858
operating leases                                           860                    114                    215                    170                     361
claim and claim adjustment expense reserves (b)         22,814                  5,512                  5,928                  2,994                   8,380
future policy benefit reserves (c)                      27,539                   (350   )                 55                    813                  27,021
purchase and other obligations                             485                    262                     83                     80                      60
total                                                  $67,977                 $6,154                 $8,901                 $8,242                 $44,680
(a)   includes estimated future interest payments.

(b)   the claim and claim adjustment expense reserves reflected above are not discounted and represent cna's estimate of the amount and timing of the ultimate settlement and administration of gross claims based on its assessment of facts and circumstances known as of december 31, 2019. see the insurance reserves section of this md&amp;a for further information.

(c)   the future policy benefit reserves reflected above are not discounted and represent cna's estimate of the ultimate amount and timing of the settlement of benefits based on its assessment of facts and circumstances known as of december 31, 2019. additional information on future policy benefit reserves is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.

further information on our commitments, contingencies and guarantees is provided in the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
64
investments investment activities of non-insurance subsidiaries primarily include investments in fixed income securities, including short term investments. the parent company portfolio also includes equity securities, including short sales and derivative instruments, and investments in limited partnerships. these types of investments generally present greater volatility, less liquidity and greater risk than fixed income investments and are included within results of operations - corporate.
we enter into short sales and invest in certain derivative instruments that are used for asset and liability management activities, income enhancements to our portfolio management strategy and to benefit from anticipated future movements in the underlying markets. if such movements do not occur as anticipated, then significant losses may occur. monitoring procedures include senior management review of daily reports of existing positions and valuation fluctuations to seek to ensure that open positions are consistent with our portfolio strategy.
credit exposure associated with non-performance by counterparties to our derivative instruments is generally limited to the uncollateralized change in fair value of the derivative instruments recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. we mitigate the risk of non-performance by monitoring the creditworthiness of counterparties and diversifying derivatives by using multiple counterparties. we occasionally require collateral from our derivative investment counterparties depending on the amount of the exposure and the credit rating of the counterparty.
insurance cna maintains a large portfolio of fixed maturity and equity securities, including large amounts of corporate and government issued debt securities, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, and other asset-backed securities and investments in limited partnerships which pursue a variety of long and short investment strategies across a broad array of asset classes. cna's investment portfolio supports its obligation to pay future insurance claims and provides investment returns which are an important part of cna's overall profitability.
net investment income the significant components of cna's net investment income are presented in the following table. fixed income securities, as presented, include both fixed maturity securities and non-redeemable preferred stock.
year ended december 31                                           2019                         2018
(in millions)
fixed income securities:
taxable fixed income securities                                           $1,538            $1,449
tax-exempt fixed income securities                                           318               384
total fixed income securities                                              1,856             1,833
limited partnership and common stock investments                             226               (42   )
other, net of investment expense                                              36                26
pretax net investment income                                              $2,118            $1,817
fixed income securities after tax and noncontrolling interests            $1,358            $1,351
net investment income after tax and noncontrolling interests              $1,543            $1,341
effective income yield for the fixed income securities portfolio, before tax    4.8%     4.7%
effective income yield for the fixed income securities portfolio, after tax     3.9%     3.9%
limited partnership and common stock return                                    11.7%   (1.9)%
net investment income before tax and noncontrolling interests increased $301 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. the increase was driven by limited partnership and common stock investments.
65
net investment gains (losses)
the components of cna's net investment gains (losses) are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31                                            2019                       2018
(in millions)
investment gains (losses):
fixed maturity securities:
corporate and other bonds                                                 $ (8   )            $26
states, municipalities and political subdivisions                           13                 36
asset-backed                                                               (11   )            (58   )
total fixed maturity securities                                             (6   )              4
non-redeemable preferred stock                                              66                (74   )
short term and other                                                       (11   )             13
total investment gains (losses)                                             49                (57   )
income tax (expense) benefit                                               (12   )             14
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests                            (4   )              5
net investment gains (losses) attributable to loews corporation           $ 33               $(38   )
net investment results after tax and noncontrolling interests improved $71 million in 2019 as compared with 2018. the improvement was driven by the favorable change in fair value of non-redeemable preferred stock, partially offset by higher otti losses recognized in earnings.
further information on cna's investment gains and losses, including other-than-temporary impairment losses, is set forth in notes 1 and 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
portfolio quality the following table presents the estimated fair value and net unrealized gains (losses) of cna's fixed maturity securities by rating distribution:
december 31, 2019                                                               december 31, 2018
estimated                            net        estimated                     net fair value                    unrealized       fair value              unrealized gains                                    gains
(losses)                                 (losses)
(in millions)
u.s. government, government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises   $4,136                               $95           $4,334                    $(24   )
aaa                                                                                  3,254                       349            3,027                     245
aa                                                                                   6,663                       801            6,510                     512
a                                                                                    9,062                     1,051            8,768                     527
bbb                                                                                 16,839                     1,684           14,205                     274
non-investment grade                                                                 2,253                       101            2,702                     (73   )
total                                                                       $42,207                           $4,081          $39,546                  $1,461
as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, only 1% of cna's fixed maturity portfolio was rated internally. aaa rated securities included $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion of pre-funded municipal bonds as of december 31, 2019 and 2018.
66
the following table presents cna's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities in a gross unrealized loss position by ratings distribution:
december 31, 2019                                                               estimated           gross fair value      unrealized losses
(in millions)
u.s. government, government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises            $271              $3
aaa                                                                                    91               2
aa                                                                                    165               1
a                                                                                     667               6
bbb                                                                                   832              13
non-investment grade                                                                  394              20
total                                                                              $2,420             $45
the following table presents the maturity profile for these available-for-sale fixed maturity securities. securities not due to mature on a single date are allocated based on weighted average life:
december 31, 2019                            estimated           gross fair value      unrealized losses
(in millions)
due in one year or less                            $77              $1
due after one year through five years              613              15
due after five years through ten years           1,367              16
due after ten years                                363              13
total                                           $2,420             $45
duration a primary objective in the management of cna's investment portfolio is to optimize return relative to the corresponding liabilities and respective liquidity needs. cna's views on the current interest rate environment, tax regulations, asset class valuations, specific security issuer and broader industry segment conditions as well as domestic and global economic conditions, are some of the factors that enter into an investment decision. cna also continually monitors exposure to issuers of securities held and broader industry sector exposures and may from time to time adjust such exposures based on its views of a specific issuer or industry sector.
a further consideration in the management of cna's investment portfolio is the characteristics of the corresponding liabilities and the ability to align the duration of the portfolio to those liabilities and to meet future liquidity needs, minimize interest rate risk and maintain a level of income sufficient to support the underlying insurance liabilities. for portfolios where future liability cash flows are determinable and typically long term in nature, cna segregates investments for asset/liability management purposes. the segregated investments support the long term care and structured settlement liabilities in other insurance operations.
67
the effective durations of cna's fixed income securities and short term investments are presented in the following table. amounts presented are net of payable and receivable amounts for securities purchased and sold, but not yet settled.
december 31, 2019                          december 31, 2018
estimated                      effective   estimated                      effective fair value                      duration   fair value                      duration
(in years)                                 (in years)
(in millions of dollars)
investments supporting other insurance operations   $18,015                              8.9   $16,212                              8.4
other investments                                           26,813                       4.1           25,428                       4.4
total                                               $44,828                              6.0   $41,640                              6.0
the investment portfolio is periodically analyzed for changes in duration and related price risk. certain securities have duration characteristics that are variable based on market interest rates, credit spreads and other factors that may drive variability in the amount and timing of cash flows. additionally, cna periodically reviews the sensitivity of the portfolio to the level of foreign exchange rates and other factors that contribute to market price changes. a summary of these risks and specific analysis on changes is included in the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk included under item 7a.
short term investments the carrying value of the components of cna's short term investments are presented in the following table:
december 31                    2019                     2018
(in millions)
short term investments:
commercial paper                      $1,181            $705
u.s. treasury securities                 364             185
other                                    316             396
total short term investments          $1,861          $1,286
insurance reserves the level of claim reserves cna maintains represents its best estimate, as of a particular point in time, of what the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost based on cna's assessment of facts and circumstances known at that time. reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex estimates that cna derives, generally utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques, from numerous assumptions and expectations about future events, both internal and external, many of which are highly uncertain. as noted below, cna reviews its reserves for each segment of its business periodically, and any such review could result in the need to increase reserves in amounts which could be material and could adversely affect our results of operations and equity and cna's business and insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings. further information on reserves is provided in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
68
property and casualty claim and claim adjustment expense reserves cna maintains loss reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for claims that have been reported but not yet settled (case reserves) and claims that have been incurred but not reported ("ibnr"). ibnr includes a provision for development on known cases as well as a provision for late reported incurred claims. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves are reflected as liabilities and are included on the consolidated balance sheets under the heading "insurance reserves." adjustments to prior year reserve estimates, if necessary, are reflected in results of operations in the period that the need for such adjustments is determined. the carried case and ibnr reserves as of each balance sheet date are provided in the discussion that follows and in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
there is a risk that cna's recorded reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses. unforeseen emerging or potential claims and coverage issues are difficult to predict and could materially adversely affect the adequacy of cna's claim and claim adjustment expense reserves and could lead to future reserve additions.
in addition, cna's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries also have actual and potential exposures related to a&ep claims, which could result in material losses. to mitigate the risks posed by cna's exposure to a&ep claims and claim adjustment expenses, cna completed a transaction with national indemnity company ("nico"), under which substantially all of cna's legacy a&ep liabilities were ceded to nico effective january 1, 2010. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for further discussion about the transaction with nico, its impact on cna's results of operations, the deferred retroactive reinsurance gain and the amount of remaining reinsurance limit.
establishing property & casualty reserve estimates in developing claim and claim adjustment expense ("loss" or "losses") reserve estimates, cna's actuaries perform detailed reserve analyses that are staggered throughout the year. the data is organized at a reserve group level. a reserve group can be a line of business covering a subset of insureds such as commercial automobile liability for small or middle market customers, or it can be a particular type of claim such as construction defect. every reserve group is reviewed at least once during the year, but most are reviewed more frequently. the analyses generally review losses gross of ceded reinsurance and apply the ceded reinsurance terms to the gross estimates to establish estimates net of reinsurance. in addition to the detailed analyses, cna reviews actual loss emergence for all products each quarter.
most of cna's business can be characterized as long-tail. for long-tail business, it will generally be several years between the time the business is written and the time when all claims are settled. cna's long-tail exposures include commercial automobile liability, workers' compensation, general liability, medical professional liability, other professional liability and management liability coverages, assumed reinsurance run-off and products liability. short-tail exposures include property, commercial automobile physical damage, marine, surety and warranty. property & casualty operations contain both long-tail and short-tail exposures. other insurance operations contain long-tail exposures.
various methods are used to project ultimate losses for both long-tail and short-tail exposures.
the paid development method estimates ultimate losses by reviewing paid loss patterns and applying them to accident or policy years with further expected changes in paid losses. selection of the paid loss pattern may require consideration of several factors including the impact of inflation on claim costs, the rate at which claims professionals make claim payments and close claims, the impact of judicial decisions, the impact of underwriting changes, the impact of large claim payments and other factors. claim cost inflation itself may require evaluation of changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, changes in the cost of medical care, changes in the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. because this method assumes that losses are paid at a consistent rate, changes in any of these factors can affect the results. since the method does not rely on case reserves, it is not directly influenced by changes in their adequacy.
69
for many reserve groups, paid loss data for recent periods may be too immature or erratic for accurate predictions. this situation often exists for long-tail exposures. in addition, changes in the factors described above may result in inconsistent payment patterns. finally, estimating the paid loss pattern subsequent to the most mature point available in the data analyzed often involves considerable uncertainty for long-tail products such as workers' compensation.
the incurred development method is similar to the paid development method, but it uses case incurred losses instead of paid losses. since the method uses more data (case reserves in addition to paid losses) than the paid development method, the incurred development patterns may be less variable than paid patterns. however, selection of the incurred loss pattern typically requires analysis of all of the same factors described above. in addition, the inclusion of case reserves can lead to distortions if changes in case reserving practices have taken place, and the use of case incurred losses may not eliminate the issues associated with estimating the incurred loss pattern subsequent to the most mature point available.
the loss ratio method multiplies earned premiums by an expected loss ratio to produce ultimate loss estimates for each accident or policy year. this method may be useful for immature accident or policy periods or if loss development patterns are inconsistent, losses emerge very slowly or there is relatively little loss history from which to estimate future losses. the selection of the expected loss ratio typically requires analysis of loss ratios from earlier accident or policy years or pricing studies and analysis of inflationary trends, frequency trends, rate changes, underwriting changes and other applicable factors.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method using paid loss is a combination of the paid development method and the loss ratio method. this method normally determines expected loss ratios similar to the approach used to estimate the expected loss ratio for the loss ratio method and typically requires analysis of the same factors described above. this method assumes that future losses will develop at the expected loss ratio level. the percent of paid loss to ultimate loss implied from the paid development method is used to determine what percentage of ultimate loss is yet to be paid. the use of the pattern from the paid development method typically requires consideration of the same factors listed in the description of the paid development method. the estimate of losses yet to be paid is added to current paid losses to estimate the ultimate loss for each year. for long-tail lines, this method will react very slowly if actual ultimate loss ratios are different from expectations due to changes not accounted for by the expected loss ratio calculation.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method using incurred loss is similar to the bornhuetter-ferguson method using paid loss except that it uses case incurred losses. the use of case incurred losses instead of paid losses can result in development patterns that are less variable than paid patterns. however, the inclusion of case reserves can lead to distortions if changes in case reserving have taken place, and the method typically requires analysis of the same factors that need to be reviewed for the loss ratio and incurred development methods.
the frequency times severity method multiplies a projected number of ultimate claims by an estimated ultimate average loss for each accident or policy year to produce ultimate loss estimates. since projections of the ultimate number of claims are often less variable than projections of ultimate loss, this method can provide more reliable results for reserve groups where loss development patterns are inconsistent or too variable to be relied on exclusively. in addition, this method can more directly account for changes in coverage that affect the number and size of claims. however, this method can be difficult to apply to situations where very large claims or a substantial number of unusual claims result in volatile average claim sizes. projecting the ultimate number of claims may require analysis of several factors, including the rate at which policyholders report claims to cna, the impact of judicial decisions, the impact of underwriting changes and other factors. estimating the ultimate average loss may require analysis of the impact of large losses and claim cost trends based on changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, changes in the cost of medical care, changes in the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors.
stochastic modeling produces a range of possible outcomes based on varying assumptions related to the particular reserve group being modeled. for some reserve groups, cna uses models which rely on historical development patterns at an aggregate level, while other reserve groups are modeled using individual claim variability assumptions supplied by the claims department. in either case, multiple simulations using varying assumptions are run and the results are analyzed to produce a range of potential outcomes. the results will typically include a mean and percentiles of the possible reserve distribution which aid in the selection of a point estimate.
70
for many exposures, especially those that can be considered long-tail, a particular accident or policy year may not have a sufficient volume of paid losses to produce a statistically reliable estimate of ultimate losses. in such a case, cna's actuaries typically assign more weight to the incurred development method than to the paid development method. as claims continue to settle and the volume of paid loss increases, the actuaries may assign additional weight to the paid development method. for most of cna's products, even the incurred losses for accident or policy years that are early in the claim settlement process will not be of sufficient volume to produce a reliable estimate of ultimate losses. in these cases, cna may not assign much, if any, weight to the paid and incurred development methods. cna may use the loss ratio, bornhuetter-ferguson and/or frequency times severity methods. for short-tail exposures, the paid and incurred development methods can often be relied on sooner primarily because cna's history includes a sufficient number of years to cover the entire period over which paid and incurred losses are expected to change. however, cna may also use the loss ratio, bornhuetter-ferguson and/or frequency times severity methods for short-tail exposures.
for other more complex reserve groups where the above methods may not produce reliable indications, cna uses additional methods tailored to the characteristics of the specific situation.
periodic reserve reviews the reserve analyses performed by cna's actuaries result in point estimates. each quarter, the results of the detailed reserve reviews are summarized and discussed with cna's senior management to determine management's best estimate of reserves. cna's senior management considers many factors in making this decision. cna's recorded reserves reflect its best estimate as of a particular point in time based upon known facts and circumstances, consideration of the factors cited above and its judgment. the carried reserve differs from the actuarial point estimate as discussed further below.
currently, cna's recorded reserves are modestly higher than the actuarial point estimate. for property & casualty operations, the difference between cna's reserves and the actuarial point estimate is primarily driven by uncertainty with respect to immature accident years, claim cost inflation, changes in claims handling, changes to the tort environment which may adversely affect claim costs and the effects from the economy. for cna's legacy a&ep liabilities, the difference between cna's reserves and the actuarial point estimate is primarily driven by the potential tail volatility of run-off exposures.
the key assumptions fundamental to the reserving process are often different for various reserve groups and accident or policy years. some of these assumptions are explicit assumptions that are required of a particular method, but most of the assumptions are implicit and cannot be precisely quantified. an example of an explicit assumption is the pattern employed in the paid development method. however, the assumed pattern is itself based on several implicit assumptions such as the impact of inflation on medical costs and the rate at which claim professionals close claims. as a result, the effect on reserve estimates of a particular change in assumptions typically cannot be specifically quantified, and changes in these assumptions cannot be tracked over time.
cna's recorded reserves are management's best estimate. in order to provide an indication of the variability associated with cna's net reserves, the following discussion provides a sensitivity analysis that shows the approximate estimated impact of variations in significant factors affecting cna's reserve estimates for particular types of business. these significant factors are the ones that cna believes could most likely materially affect the reserves. this discussion covers the major types of business for which cna believes a material deviation to its reserves is reasonably possible. there can be no assurance that actual experience will be consistent with the current assumptions or with the variation indicated by the discussion. in addition, there can be no assurance that other factors and assumptions will not have a material impact on cna's reserves.
the three areas for which cna believes a significant deviation to its net reserves is reasonably possible are (i) professional liability, management liability and surety products (ii) workers' compensation and (iii) general liability.
71
professional liability, management liability and surety products include u.s. professional liability coverages provided to various professional firms, including architects, real estate agents, small and mid-sized accounting firms, law firms and other professional firms. they also include d&o, employment practices, fiduciary, fidelity and surety coverages and medical liability. the most significant factor affecting reserve estimates for these liability coverages is claim severity. claim severity is driven by the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, legal fees, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. underwriting and claim handling decisions such as the classes of business written and individual claim settlement decisions can also affect claim severity. if the estimated claim severity increases by 9%, cna estimates that net reserves would increase by approximately $400 million. if the estimated claim severity decreases by 3%, cna estimates that net reserves would decrease by approximately $150 million. cna's net reserves for these products were approximately $4.4 billion as of december 31, 2019.
for workers' compensation, since many years will pass from the time the business is written until all claim payments have been made, the most significant factor affecting workers' compensation reserve estimate is claim cost inflation on claim payments. workers' compensation claim cost inflation is driven by the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, expected claimant lifetimes, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. if estimated workers' compensation claim cost inflation increases by 100 basis points for the entire period over which claim payments will be made, cna estimates that its net reserves would increase by approximately $350 million. if estimated workers' compensation claim cost inflation decreases by 100 basis points for the entire period over which claim payments will be made, cna estimates that its net reserves would decrease by approximately $350 million. net reserves for workers' compensation were approximately $4.0 billion as of december 31, 2019.
for general liability, the most significant factor affecting reserve estimates is claim severity. claim severity is driven by changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislation and other factors. if the estimated claim severity for general liability increases by 6%, cna estimates that its net reserves would increase by approximately $200 million. if the estimated claim severity for general liability decreases by 3%, cna estimates that its net reserves would decrease by approximately $100 million. net reserves for general liability were approximately $3.4 billion as of december 31, 2019.
given the factors described above, it is not possible to quantify precisely the ultimate exposure represented by claims and related litigation. as a result, cna regularly reviews the adequacy of its reserves and reassesses its reserve estimates as historical loss experience develops, additional claims are reported and settled and additional information becomes available in subsequent periods. in reviewing cna's reserve estimates, cna makes adjustments in the period that the need for such adjustments is determined. these reviews have resulted in cna's identification of information and trends that have caused cna to change its reserves in prior periods and could lead to cna's identification of a need for additional material increases or decreases in claim and claim adjustment expense reserves, which could materially affect our results of operations and equity and cna's business and insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings positively or negatively. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for additional information about reserve development.
the following table summarizes gross and net carried reserves for cna's property & casualty operations:
december 31                                                       2019                         2018
(in millions)
gross case reserves                                                        $6,276            $6,671
gross ibnr reserves                                                         9,494             9,287
total gross carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves           $15,770           $15,958
net case reserves                                                          $5,645            $6,063
net ibnr reserves                                                           8,508             8,290
total net carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves             $14,153           $14,353
72
the following table summarizes the gross and net carried reserves for other insurance businesses in run-off, including cna re and a&ep:
december 31                                                       2019                         2018
(in millions)
gross case reserves                                                        $1,137            $1,208
gross ibnr reserves                                                         1,097             1,217
total gross carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves            $2,234            $2,425
net case reserves                                                             $92               $96
net ibnr reserves                                                              83                96
total net carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves                $175              $192
long term care policyholder reserves cna's other insurance operations includes its run-off long term care business as well as structured settlement obligations not funded by annuities related to certain property and casualty claimants. long term care policies provide benefits for nursing homes, assisted living facilities and home health care subject to various daily and lifetime caps. generally, policyholders must continue to make periodic premium payments to keep the policy in force and cna has the ability to increase policy premiums, subject to state regulatory approval.
cna maintains both claim and claim adjustment expense reserves as well as future policy benefit reserves for policyholder benefits for its long term care business. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves consist of estimated reserves for long term care policyholders that are currently receiving benefits, including claims that have been incurred but are not yet reported. in developing the claim and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates for cna's long term care policies, its actuaries perform a detailed claim experience study on an annual basis. the study reviews the sufficiency of existing reserves for policyholders currently on claim and includes an evaluation of expected benefit utilization and claim duration. cna's recorded claim and claim adjustment expense reserves reflect cna management's best estimate after incorporating the results of the most recent study. in addition, claim and claim adjustment expense reserves are also maintained for the structured settlement obligations. in developing the claim and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates for cna's structured settlement obligations, cna's actuaries monitor mortality experience on an annual basis. both elements of long term care reserves are discounted as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
future policy benefit reserves represent the active life reserves related to cna's long term care policies which are the present value of expected future benefit payments and expenses less expected future premium. the determination of these reserves requires management to make estimates and assumptions about expected investment and policyholder experience over the life of the contract. since many of these contracts may be in force for several decades, these assumptions are subject to significant estimation risk.
the actuarial assumptions that management believes are subject to the most variability are morbidity, persistency, discount rates and anticipated future premium rate increases. morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted. persistency is the percentage of policies remaining in force and can be affected by policy lapses, benefit reductions and death. discount rates are influenced by the investment yield on assets supporting long term care reserves which is subject to interest rate and market volatility and may also be affected by changes to the internal revenue code. future premium rate increases are generally subject to regulatory approval, and therefore the exact timing and size of the approved rate increases are unknown. as a result of this variability, cna's long term care reserves may be subject to material increases if actual experience develops adversely to its expectations.
annually, in the third quarter, management assesses the adequacy of its long term care future policy benefit reserves by performing a gross premium valuation ("gpv") to determine if there is a premium deficiency. management also uses the gpv process to evaluate the adequacy of cna's claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for structured settlement obligations. under the gpv, management estimates required reserves using best estimate assumptions as of the date of the assessment without provisions for adverse deviation. the gpv required reserves are then compared to the existing recorded reserves. if the gpv required reserves are greater than the existing recorded reserves, the
73
assumptions are unlocked and future policy benefit reserves are increased to the greater amount. any such increase is reflected in cna's results of operations in the period in which the need for such adjustment is determined. if the gpv required reserves are less than the existing recorded reserves, the assumptions remain locked in and no adjustment is required.
periodically, cna engages independent third parties to assess the appropriateness of its best estimate assumptions. the most recent third party assessment, performed in early 2019, validated the assumption setting process and confirmed the best estimate assumptions appropriately reflected the experience data at that time.
prior to september 30, 2019, the active life reserves for long term care were based on the actuarial best estimate assumptions established at december 31, 2015 as a result of a reserve unlocking in the fourth quarter of 2015. the september 30, 2018 gpv indicated the carried reserves included a margin of approximately $182 million. the september 30, 2019 gpv indicated a premium deficiency of $216 million and future policyholder benefit reserves at that date were increased accordingly. as a result, the long term care active life reserves carried as of september 30, 2019 represent management's best estimate assumptions at that date with no margin for adverse deviation. a summary of the changes as a result of the 2019 gpv is presented in the table below.
(in millions)
long term care active life reserve - change in estimated reserve margin september 30, 2018 estimated margin                                                 $182
changes in underlying discount rate assumptions                                     (280   )
changes in underlying morbidity assumptions                                           32
changes in underlying persistency assumptions and inforce policy inventory          (234   )
changes in underlying premium rate action assumptions                                 58
changes in underlying expense and other assumptions                                   26
september 30, 2019 premium deficiency                                             $ (216   )
the premium deficiency was primarily driven by changes in discount rate assumptions driven by lower expected reinvestment rates, contemplating both near-term market indications and long-term normative assumptions. the premium deficiency was also adversely affected by changes in persistency assumptions, primarily from lower projected active life mortality rates. recognition of margin in earnings subsequent to the 2018 gpv also contributed to the premium deficiency. these unfavorable drivers were partially offset by higher than expected rate increases on active rate increase programs, new planned rate increase filings and favorable changes to the underlying morbidity and expense assumptions.
subsequent to the 2018 gpv, as cna's projections indicated a pattern of expected profits in earlier future years followed by losses in later future years, cna established additional future policy benefit reserves determined by applying the ratio of the present value of future losses divided by the present value of future profits from the 2018 gpv to the long term care core income during the quarterly periods. as a result of the premium deficiency, recognized in the third quarter of 2019, cna's projections no longer indicate a pattern of expected profits in earlier future years followed by expected losses in later future years. as a result, cna is not currently establishing additional future policy benefit reserves for profits followed by losses in periods where the long term care business generates core income. the need for these additional future policy benefit reserves will be re-evaluated in connection with the next gpv, which is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2020.
74
the table below summarizes the estimated pretax impact on cna's results of operations from various hypothetical revisions to its active life reserve assumptions. the annual gpv process involves updating all assumptions to management's then current best estimate, and historically all significant assumptions have been revised each year. in the hypothetical revisions table below, cna has assumed that revisions to such assumptions would occur in each policy type, age and duration within each policy group and would occur absent any changes, mitigating or otherwise, in the other assumptions. although such hypothetical revisions are not currently required or anticipated, cna believes they could occur based on past variances in experience and its expectations of the ranges of future experience that could reasonably occur. any actual adjustment would be dependent on the specific policies affected and, therefore, may differ from the estimates summarized below.
2019 gpv     estimated reduction to pretax income
(in millions)
hypothetical revisions morbidity:
5% increase in morbidity                    $664
10% increase in morbidity                   1,329
persistency:
5% decrease in active life mortality and lapse                    $208
10% decrease in active life mortality and lapse                     427
discount rates:
50 basis point decline in new money interest rates                    $309
100 basis point decline in new money interest rates                     675
premium rate actions:
25% decrease in anticipated future premium rate increases                     $58
50% decrease in anticipated future premium rate increases                     115
the following tables summarize policyholder reserves for cna's long term care operations:
december 31, 2019                   claim and claim              future          total adjustment     policy benefits expenses
(in millions)
long term care                               $2,863              $9,470        $12,333
structured settlement annuities                 515                                515
other                                            12                                 12
total                                         3,390               9,470         12,860
shadow adjustments (a)                          167               2,615          2,782
ceded reserves (b)                              159                 226            385
total gross reserves                         $3,716             $12,311        $16,027
75
december 31, 2018           claim and claim          future           total adjustment       policy benefits expenses

(in millions)
long term care                               $2,761              $9,113        $11,874
structured settlement annuities                 530                                530
other                                            14                                 14
total                                         3,305               9,113         12,418
shadow adjustments (a)                          115               1,250          1,365
ceded reserves (b)                              181                 234            415
total gross reserves                         $3,601             $10,597        $14,198
(a)   to the extent that unrealized gains on fixed income securities supporting long term care products and annuity contracts would result in a premium deficiency if those gains were realized, an increase in insurance reserves is recorded, after tax and noncontrolling interests, as a reduction of net unrealized gains through other comprehensive income (loss) ("shadow adjustments").

(b)   ceded reserves relate to claim or policy reserves fully reinsured in connection with a sale or exit from the underlying business.

catastrophes and related reinsurance cna generally defines catastrophe loss events in the u.s. consistent with the definition of the property claims service ("pcs"). pcs defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in direct insured losses to property and affects a significant number of policyholders and insurers. for events outside of the u.s., cna defines a catastrophe as an industry recognized event that generates an accumulation of claims amounting to more than $1 million for the international line of business.
catastrophes are an inherent risk of the property and casualty insurance business and have contributed to material period-to-period  fluctuations in cna's results of operations and/or equity. cna reported catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, of $179 million and $252 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. net catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2019 are related primarily to u.s. weather related events. net catastrophe losses for the year ended december 31, 2018 included $88 million related to hurricane michael, $47 million related to the california wildfires and $33 million related to hurricane florence. the remaining net catastrophe losses in 2018 resulted primarily from u.s. weather related events.
cna generally seeks to manage its exposure to catastrophes through the purchase of catastrophe reinsurance and has catastrophe reinsurance treaties that cover property and workers' compensation losses. cna conducts an ongoing review of its risk and catastrophe coverages and from time to time make changes as it deems appropriate. the following discussion summarizes cna's most significant catastrophe reinsurance coverage at january 1, 2020.
group north american property treaty cna purchased corporate catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty reinsurance covering its u.s. states and territories and canadian property exposures underwritten in its north american and european companies. exposures underwritten through hardy are excluded. the treaty has a term of january 1, 2019 to may 1, 2020. the 2019 treaty provides coverage for the accumulation of losses from catastrophe occurrences above cna's per occurrence retention of $250 million up to $1.0 billion. losses stemming from terrorism events are covered unless they are due to a nuclear, biological or chemical attack. all layers of the treaty provide for one full reinstatement.
76
group workers compensation treaty cna also purchased corporate workers compensation catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty reinsurance for the period january 1, 2020 to january 1, 2021 providing $275 million of coverage for the accumulation of covered losses related to natural catastrophes above cna's retention of $25 million. the treaty provides $475 million of coverage for the accumulation of covered losses related to terrorism events above cna's retention of $25 million. of the $475 million in terrorism coverage, $200 million is provided for nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation events. one full reinstatement is available for the first $275 million above the retention, regardless of the covered peril. cna also purchased a targeted facultative facility to address exposure accumulations in specific peak terrorism zones.
terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra")
cna's principal reinsurance protection against large-scale terrorist attacks, including nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks, is the coverage currently provided through tripra which has been extended through the end of 2027. tripra provides a u.s. government backstop for insurance-related losses resulting from any "act of terrorism", which is certified by the secretary of treasury in consultation with the secretary of homeland security for losses that exceed a threshold of $200 million industry-wide for the calendar year 2020. under the current provisions of the program, in 2020 the federal government will reimburse 80% of cna's covered losses in excess of its applicable deductible up to a total industry program cap of $100 billion. cna's deductible is based on eligible commercial property and casualty earned premiums for the preceding calendar year. based on 2019 earned premiums, cna's estimated deductible under the program is $850 million for 2020. if an act of terrorism or acts of terrorism result in covered losses exceeding the $100 billion annual industry aggregate limit, congress would be responsible for determining how additional losses in excess of $100 billion will be paid.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. actual results could differ from those estimates.
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with gaap, applied on a consistent basis. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the known facts and circumstances.
we consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places the most significant demands on our judgment. due to the inherent uncertainties involved with these types of judgments, actual results could differ significantly from estimates, which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and/or equity and cna's insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings.
insurance reserves insurance reserves are established for both short and long-duration insurance contracts. short-duration contracts are primarily related to property and casualty insurance policies where the reserving process is based on actuarial estimates of the amount of loss, including amounts for known and unknown claims. long-duration contracts are primarily related to long term care policies and are estimated using actuarial estimates about morbidity and persistency as well as assumptions about expected investment returns and future premium rate increases. the reserve for unearned premiums represents the portion of premiums written related to the unexpired terms of coverage. the reserving process is discussed in further detail in the insurance reserves section of this md&a.
77
long term care reserves future policy benefit reserves for cna's long term care policies are based on certain assumptions including morbidity, persistency, inclusive of mortality, discount rates and future premium rate increases. the adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and cna's future expectations related to these key assumptions. if actual or cna's expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring cna to add to reserves.
a prolonged period during which interest rates remain at levels lower than those anticipated in cna's reserving discount rate assumption could result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting cna's obligations under long term care policies, which may also require an increase to cna's reserves. in addition, cna may not receive regulatory approval for the premium rate increases it requests.
these changes to cna's reserves could materially adversely impact our results of operations and equity. the reserving process is discussed in further detail in the insurance reserves section of this md&a.
reinsurance and other receivables exposure exists with respect to the collectibility of ceded property and casualty and life reinsurance to the extent that any reinsurer is unable to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities cna has ceded under reinsurance agreements. an allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance receivables is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due from reinsurers, reinsurer solvency, industry experience and current economic conditions. further information on cna's reinsurance receivables is included in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
additionally, exposure exists with respect to the collectibility of amounts due from customers on other receivables. an allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due, currently as well as in the future, historical reinsurer default data, management's experience and current economic conditions.
if actual experience differs from the estimates made by management in determining the allowances for doubtful accounts on reinsurance and other receivables, net receivables as reflected on our consolidated balance sheets may not be collected. therefore, our results of operations and/or equity could be materially adversely affected.
valuation of investments and impairment of securities fixed maturity and equity securities are carried at fair value on the balance sheet. fair value represents the price that would be received in a sale of an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date, the determination of which may require us to make a significant number of assumptions and judgments. securities with the greatest level of subjectivity around valuation are those that rely on inputs that are significant to the estimated fair value and that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. these unobservable inputs are based on assumptions consistent with what we believe other market participants would use to price such securities. further information on fair value measurements is included in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
cna's investment portfolio is subject to market declines below amortized cost that may be other-than-temporary and therefore result in the recognition of impairment losses in earnings. factors considered in the determination of whether or not a decline is other-than-temporary include a current intention or need to sell the security or an indication that a credit loss exists. significant judgment exists regarding the evaluation of the financial condition and expected near-term and long term prospects of the issuer, or the underlying collateral, the relevant industry conditions and trends, and whether cna expects to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. further information on cna's process for evaluating impairments is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
78
impairment of long-lived assets we review our long-lived assets for impairment when changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. we use a probability-weighted cash flow analysis to test property and equipment for impairment based on relevant market data. if an asset is determined to be impaired, a loss is recognized to reduce the carrying amount to the fair value of the asset. management's cash flow assumptions are an inherent part of our asset impairment evaluation and the use of different assumptions could produce results that differ from the reported amounts.
income taxes deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax return bases of assets and liabilities. any resulting future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not, and a valuation allowance is established for any portion of a deferred tax asset that management believes may not be realized. the assessment of the need for a valuation allowance requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future earnings, reversal of existing temporary differences and available tax planning strategies. if actual experience differs from these estimates and assumptions, the recorded deferred tax asset may not be fully realized, resulting in an increase to income tax expense in our results of operations. in addition, the ability to record deferred tax assets in the future could be limited resulting in a higher effective tax rate in that future period.
accounting standards update for a discussion of accounting standards updates that have been adopted or will be adopted in the future, please read note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
forward-looking statements investors are cautioned that certain statements contained in this report as well as in other sec filings and periodic press releases of us and our subsidiaries and certain oral statements made by us and our subsidiaries and our and their officials during presentations may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (the "act"). forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact and may project, indicate or imply future results, events, performance or achievements. such statements may contain the words "expect," "intend," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. in addition, any statement concerning future financial performance (including future revenues, earnings or growth rates), ongoing business strategies or prospects, and possible actions taken by us or our subsidiaries are also forward-looking statements as defined by the act. forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and projections about future events and are inherently subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or projected.
developments in any of the risks or uncertainties facing us or our subsidiaries, including those described under item 1a, risk factors of this report and in our other filings with the sec, could cause our results to differ materially from results that have been or may be anticipated or projected. given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update these statements to reflect any change in our expectations or beliefs or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.
