item 1a. risk factors risks relating to our business our operating results and financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely affected by the economic, political and social conditions in the u.s. and elsewhere.
changes in economic, political and social conditions in the u.s., europe and other countries in which we are located or do business could have a material effect on our company. negative effects to our supply chain, costs of doing business, sales and distribution activity may occur due to factors such as war or threats of war, natural disasters, nuclear facility accidents, public health emergencies, utility interruptions and terrorism.
our business is also affected by a number of other factors. for example, the number and types of new vehicles produced and sold by manufacturers affects our business. a decrease in the number of vehicles on the road may result in a decrease in repairs.
our sales are also impacted by changes to the economic health of vehicle owners. the economic health of vehicle owners is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending.  many of these factors are outside of our control. if any of these conditions worsen, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities and hedge transactions. these unfavorable events affecting our business partners could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we have a substantial business presence in europe, including a significant presence in the u.k. and the republic of ireland ("roi"). in june 2016, voters in the u.k. decided by referendum to withdraw from the european union (also known as brexit). the precise timing and impacts of this action on our businesses in the u.k. and other parts of europe are unknown at this time. since the vote, we have seen fluctuations in exchange rates leading to cost pressures and unfavorable translation effects on our sterling denominated earnings. the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union became effective on january 31, 2020. the u.k. and the european union now have an 11-month transition period to negotiate a trade deal and come to terms on other issues such as security and law enforcement. depending upon the outcome of these negotiations, our european businesses could be adversely affected as a result of further fluctuations in exchange rates, disruptions to access to markets by u.k. and roi companies, interruptions of the movement of goods and services between countries, a decrease of economic activity in europe, and political or social unrest.
we face intense competition from local, national, international, and internet-based vehicle products providers, and this competition could negatively affect our business.
the vehicle replacement products industry and vehicle accessory parts industry are highly competitive and are served by numerous suppliers of oem, recycled, aftermarket, refurbished and remanufactured products. within each of these categories of suppliers, there are local owner-operated companies, larger regional suppliers, national and international providers, and internet-based suppliers and distributors. providers of vehicle replacement and accessory products that have traditionally sold only certain categories of such products may decide to expand their product offerings into other categories of vehicle products, which may further increase competition. some of our current and potential competitors may have more operational expertise; greater financial, technical, manufacturing, distribution, and other resources; longer operating histories; lower cost structures; and better relationships in the insurance and vehicle repair industries or with consumers, than we do. business transacted on online marketplaces has been increasing, which presents additional competitive pressures on us; in addition, facilitators of these online marketplaces control access to this channel and may prohibit us from participating for various reasons.
in the u.s. and europe, local companies have formed cooperative efforts in an attempt to more efficiently compete against us in all aspects of our business. as a result of these factors, our competitors may be able to provide products that we are unable to supply, provide their products at lower costs, or supply products to customers that we are unable to serve.
we believe that a majority of collision parts by dollar amount are supplied by oems, with the balance being supplied by distributors of alternative aftermarket, recycled, refurbished and remanufactured collision parts like us. the oems are therefore able to exert pricing pressure in the marketplace. we compete with the oems primarily on price and to a lesser extent on service and quality. from time to time, the oems have implemented programs seeking to increase their market share in the collision repair parts industry. for example, they have reduced prices on specific products to match the lower prices of alternative products and introduced other rebate programs that may disrupt our sales. the growth of these programs or the introduction of new ones could have a material adverse impact on our business.
in addition, vehicles are being equipped with systems that transmit data to the oems wirelessly regarding, among other items, accident incidents, maintenance requirements, location of the vehicle, identification of the closest dealership, and other statistics about the vehicle and its driving history. to the extent that this data is not shared with alternative suppliers, the oems will have an advantage with respect to such matters as contacting the vehicle driver, recommending repairs and maintenance, and directing the vehicle owner to an affiliated dealership.
we rely upon our customers and insurance companies to promote the usage of alternative parts.
our success depends, in part, on the acceptance and promotion of alternative parts usage by automotive insurance companies and vehicle repair facilities. there can be no assurance that current levels of alternative parts usage will be maintained or will increase in the future.
we rely on business relationships with insurance companies. these insurance companies encourage vehicle repair facilities to use products we provide. the business relationships include in some cases participation in aftermarket quality and service assurance programs that may result in a higher usage of our aftermarket products than would be the case without the programs. our arrangements with these companies may be terminated by them at any time, including in connection with their own business concerns relating to the offering, availability, standards or operations of the aftermarket quality and service assurance programs. we rely on these relationships for sales to some collision repair shops, and a termination of these relationships may result in a loss of sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
in an illinois lawsuit involving state farm mutual automobile insurance company ("avery v. state farm"), a jury decided in october 1999 that state farm breached certain insurance contracts with its policyholders by using non-oem replacement products to repair damaged vehicles when use of such products did not restore the vehicle to its "pre-loss condition." the jury found that state farm misled its customers by not disclosing the use of non-oem replacement products and the alleged inferiority of those products. damages in excess of $1 billion were assessed against state farm. in august 2005, the illinois supreme court reversed the awards made by the lower courts and found, among other things, that the plaintiffs had failed to establish any breach of contract by state farm. the plaintiffs filed a subsequent claim alleging that state farm improperly influenced one of the justices on the illinois supreme court. prior to trial on the subsequent claim, the parties settled the case; as part of the settlement, state farm paid the plaintiffs $250 million. as a result of this case, some insurance companies reduced or eliminated their use of aftermarket products. our financial results could be adversely affected if insurance companies modified or terminated the arrangements pursuant to which repair shops buy aftermarket or recycled products from us due to a fear of similar claims.
in addition, to the extent that the collision repair industry continues to consolidate, the buying power of collision repair shop customers may further increase, putting additional pressure on our financial returns.
we may not be able to successfully acquire new businesses or integrate acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfully divest certain businesses.
we may not be able to successfully complete potential strategic acquisitions if we cannot reach agreement on acceptable terms, if we do not obtain required antitrust or other regulatory approvals, or for other reasons. moreover, we may not be able to identify acquisition candidates at reasonable prices and/or be able to successfully integrate acquisitions.
if we buy a company or a division of a company, we may experience difficulty integrating that company's or division's personnel and operations, which could negatively affect our operating results. in addition:
•   the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us;
•   customers of the acquired company may decide not to purchase products from us;
•   suppliers of the acquired company may decide not to sell products to us;
•   we may experience business disruptions as a result of information technology systems conversions;
•   we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, and financial reporting;
•   we may be held liable for environmental, tax or other risks and liabilities as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not have discovered during our due diligence;
•   we may intentionally assume the liabilities of the companies we acquire, which could result in material adverse effects on our business;
•   our existing business may be disrupted or receive insufficient management attention;
•   we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated, either in the amount or in the time frame that we expect; and
•   we may incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any future acquisition, the issuance of which could involve the imposition of restrictive covenants or be dilutive to our existing stockholders.
for example, we have undertaken the 1 lkq europe program to create structural centralization and standardization of key functions to facilitate the operation of the europe segment as a single business; this program will present a number of execution challenges.
in addition to acquisitions, we have divested, and will continue to divest, certain businesses that do not meet our performance standards. as a result of a divestment, we may not recover the carrying value of our investment in the divested business; in addition, such divestment transactions require significant management time and attention.
intellectual property claims relating to aftermarket products could adversely affect our business.
oems and others have attempted to use claims of intellectual property infringement against manufacturers and distributors of aftermarket products to restrict or eliminate the sale of aftermarket products that are the subject of the claims. oems have brought such claims in federal court and with the u.s. international trade commission. in some cases, we have entered into patent license agreements with oems that allow us to sell aftermarket parts that replicate the patented parts in exchange for a royalty and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the agreements.
to the extent oems and other manufacturers obtain design patents or trademarks and are successful in asserting claims of infringement of these patents or trademarks against us, we could be restricted or prohibited from selling certain aftermarket products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. in the event that our license agreements, or other similar license arrangements with oems or others, are terminated or we are unable to agree upon renewal terms, we may be subject to costs and uncertainties of litigation as well as restrictions on our ability to sell aftermarket parts that replicate parts covered by those design patents or trademarks. we have filed, and may file in the future, challenges to oem patents, including patents owned by oems with which we have patent license agreements. we also may file challenges to oem trademarks. to the extent oems are successful in defending their patents or trademarks, we could be restricted or prohibited from selling the corresponding aftermarket products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. also, we will likely incur expenses investigating, pursuing and defending intellectual property claims.
u.s. customs and border protection has taken the position that certain of our aftermarket parts infringe certain oem trademarks and seized our aftermarket parts as we attempted to import them into the u.s. we incur costs and expenses attempting to convince customs and border protection to release the seized goods and in litigation where we are seeking a determination of non-infringement. in the event we are unsuccessful in obtaining their release, such goods may be subject to forfeiture and other penalties.
aftermarket products certifying organizations may revoke the certification of parts that are the subject of the intellectual property disputes. lack of certification may negatively impact us because many major insurance companies recommend or require the use of aftermarket products only if they have been certified by an independent certifying organization.
if the number of vehicles involved in accidents declines or the number of cars being repaired declines, or the mix of the types of vehicles in the overall vehicle population changes, our business could suffer.
our business depends on vehicle accidents, mechanical failures and routine maintenance for both the demand for repairs using our products and the supply of recycled, remanufactured and refurbished parts. to the extent that a relatively higher percentage of damaged vehicles are declared total losses, there will be less demand for our products to repair such vehicles. in addition, our business is impacted by factors that influence the number and/or severity of accidents and mechanical failures including, but not limited to, the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, the ages of drivers, the occurrence and severity of certain weather conditions, the congestion of traffic, drivers distracted by electronic equipment, the use of alcohol or drugs by drivers, the usage rate and effectiveness of accident avoidance systems in new vehicles, the reliability of new oem parts, and the condition of roadways. for example, an increase in the acceptance of ride-sharing could reduce the number of vehicles on the road. additionally, an increase in fuel prices may cause the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, and the need for mechanical repairs and maintenance to decline, as motorists seek alternative transportation options. mild weather conditions, particularly during winter months, tend to result in a decrease in vehicle accidents. moreover, legislation banning the use of handheld cellular telephones or other electronic devices while driving could lead to a decline in accidents.
systems designed to minimize accident frequency and severity are becoming more prevalent and more technologically sophisticated. to the extent oems install or are mandated by law to install accident avoidance systems in their vehicles, the number and severity of accidents could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the average number of new vehicles sold annually has fluctuated from year-to-year.  periods of decreased sales could result in a reduction in the number of vehicles on the road and consequently fewer vehicles involved in accidents or in need of mechanical repair or maintenance. substantial further declines in automotive sales in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. in addition, if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of older vehicles on the road, insurance companies may find it uneconomical to repair such vehicles or there could be less costly repairs. if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of newer vehicles on the road, the demand generally for mechanical repairs and maintenance would likely decline due to the newer, longer-lasting parts in the vehicle population and mechanical failures being covered by oem warranties for the first years of a vehicle's life. moreover, alternative collision and mechanical parts are less likely to be used on newer vehicles. our specialty segment depends on sales of pickup trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles, high performance vehicles and recreational vehicles; any reduction in the number of such vehicles in operation will adversely affect demand for our specialty products.
electric vehicles do not have traditional engines, transmissions, and certain related parts. engines and transmissions represent some of our largest revenue generating skus in north america, and parts for engines and transmissions represent a significant amount of the revenue of our european operations. thus, an increase in electric vehicles as a percentage of vehicles sold will have a negative impact on our sales of engines, transmissions, and other related parts.
fluctuations in the prices of metals and other commodities could adversely affect our financial results.
our recycling operations generate scrap metal and other metals that we sell. after we dismantle a salvage vehicle for wholesale parts and after vehicles have been processed in our self service retail business, the remaining vehicle hulks are sold to scrap processors and other remaining metals are sold to processors and brokers of metals. in addition, we receive "crush only" vehicles from other companies, including oems, which we dismantle and which generate scrap metal and other metals. the prices of scrap and other metals have historically fluctuated, sometimes significantly, due to market factors. in addition, buyers may stop purchasing metals entirely due to excess supply. to the extent that the prices of metals decrease materially or buyers stop purchasing metals, our revenue from such sales will suffer and a write-down of our inventory value could be required. for example, in 2018 china imposed a ban on the importation of various types of solid waste allegedly in an effort to reduce environmental pollution. this ban includes certain metals that we sell and continues to have the effect of reducing the prices of such products.
the cost of our wholesale recycled and our self service retail inventory purchases will change as a result of fluctuating scrap metal and other metals prices. in a period of falling metal prices, there can be no assurance that our inventory purchasing cost will decrease the same amount or at the same rate as the scrap metal and other metals prices decline, and there may be a delay between the scrap metal and other metals price reductions and any inventory cost reductions. the prices of steel, aluminum, and plastics are components of the cost to manufacture products for our aftermarket business. if the prices of commodities rise and result in higher costs to us for products we sell, we may not be able to pass these higher costs on to our customers.
existing or new laws and regulations, or changes to enforcement or interpretation of existing laws or regulations, may prohibit, restrict or burden the sale of aftermarket, recycled, refurbished or remanufactured products.
most states have passed laws that prohibit or limit the use of aftermarket products in collision repair work. these laws include requirements relating to consumer disclosure, vehicle owner's consent regarding the use of aftermarket products in the repair process, and the requirement to have aftermarket products certified by an independent testing organization. additional legislation of this kind may be introduced in the future. if additional laws prohibiting or restricting the use of aftermarket products are passed, it could have an adverse impact on our aftermarket products business.
certain organizations test the quality and safety of vehicle replacement products. if these organizations decide not to test a particular vehicle product, or in the event that such organizations decide that a particular vehicle product does not meet applicable quality or safety standards, we may decide to discontinue sales of such product or insurance companies may decide to discontinue authorization of repairs using such product. such events could adversely affect our business.
some jurisdictions have enacted laws prohibiting or severely restricting the sale of certain recycled products that we provide, such as airbags. in addition, laws relating to the regulation of parts affecting vehicle emissions, such as california's proposition 65, may impact the ability of our specialty segment to sell certain accessory products. these and other jurisdictions could enact similar laws or could prohibit or severely restrict the sale of additional recycled products. the passage of legislation with prohibitions or restrictions that are more severe than current laws could have a material adverse impact on our business. additionally, congress could enact federal legislation restricting the use of aftermarket or recycled automotive products used in the course of vehicle repairs.
the federal trade commission has issued guides that regulate the use of certain terms such as "rebuilt" or "remanufactured" in connection with the sale of automotive parts. restrictions on the products we are able to sell and on the marketing of such products could decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our business and operations.
in 1992, congress enacted the anti-car theft act to deter trafficking in stolen vehicles. the purpose of the law is to implement an electronic system to track and monitor vehicle identification numbers and major automotive parts. in january 2009, the u.s. department of justice implemented the portion of the system to track and monitor vehicle identification numbers. the portion of the system that would track and monitor major automotive parts would require various entities, including automotive parts recyclers like us, to inspect salvage vehicles for the purpose of collecting the part number for any "covered major part." the department of justice has not promulgated rules on this portion of the system, and therefore there has been no progress on the implementation of the system to track and monitor major automotive parts. however, if this system is fully implemented, the requirement to collect the information would place substantial burdens on vehicle recyclers, including us, that otherwise would not normally exist. it would place similar burdens on repair shops, which may discourage the use by such shops of recycled products. there is no pending initiative to implement the parts registration from a law enforcement point of view. however, there is a risk that a heightened legislative concern over safety of parts might precipitate an effort to push for the implementation of such rules.
an adverse change in our relationships with our suppliers or a disruption to our supply of inventory could increase our expenses and impede our ability to serve our customers.
our north american business is dependent on a relatively small number of suppliers of aftermarket products, a large portion of which are sourced from taiwan. our european business also acquires product from asian sources. we incur substantial freight costs to import parts from our suppliers, many of which are located in asia. if the cost of freight rose, we might not be able to pass the cost increases on to our customers. furthermore, although alternative suppliers exist for substantially all aftermarket products distributed by us, the loss of any one supplier could have a material adverse effect on us until alternative suppliers are located and have commenced manufacturing and providing the relevant products. in addition, we are subject to disruptions from work stoppages and other labor disputes at port facilities through which we import our inventory. we also face the risk that our suppliers could attempt to circumvent us and sell their product directly to our customers; consolidation of our suppliers could enhance their ability to distribute products through additional sales channels and thus decrease their reliance on wholesale distributors like us.
moreover, our operations are subject to the customary risks of doing business abroad, including, among other things, natural disasters, transportation costs and delays, political instability, currency fluctuations and the imposition of tariffs, import and export controls and other non-tariff barriers (including changes in the allocation of quotas), as well as the uncertainty regarding future relations between china, japan and taiwan. for example, u.s. customs and border protection have used claims of intellectual property infringement to seize certain of our aftermarket parts as we attempted to import them into the u.s.
because a substantial volume of our sales involves products manufactured from sheet metal, we can be adversely impacted if sheet metal becomes unavailable or is only available at higher prices, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. additionally, as oems convert to raw materials other than steel, it may be more difficult or expensive to source aftermarket parts made with such materials and it may be more difficult for repair shops to work with such materials in the repair process.
most of our salvage and a portion of our self service inventory is obtained from vehicles offered at salvage auctions operated by several companies that own auction facilities in numerous locations across the u.s. we do not typically have contracts with the auction companies. according to industry analysts, a small number of companies control a large percentage of the salvage auction market in the u.s. if an auction company prohibited us from participating in its auctions, began competing with us, or significantly raised its fees, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers. moreover, we face competition in the purchase of vehicles from direct competitors, rebuilders, exporters and other bidders. to the extent that the number of bidders increases, it may have the effect of increasing our cost of goods sold for wholesale recycled products. some states regulate bidders to help ensure that salvage vehicles are purchased for legal purposes by qualified buyers. auction companies have been actively seeking to reduce, circumvent or eliminate these regulations, which would further increase the number of bidders.
in addition, there is a limited supply of salvage vehicles in the u.s., and thus the costs to us of these vehicles could increase over time. in some states, when a vehicle is deemed a total loss, a salvage title is issued. whether states issue salvage titles is important to the supply of inventory for the vehicle recycling industry because an increase in vehicles that qualify as salvage vehicles provides greater availability and typically lowers the price of such vehicles. currently, these titling issues are a matter of state law. in 1992, the u.s. congress commissioned an advisory committee to study problems relating to vehicle titling, registration, and salvage. since then, legislation has been introduced seeking to establish national uniform requirements in this area, including a uniform definition of a salvage vehicle. the vehicle recycling industry will generally favor a uniform definition, since it will avoid inconsistencies across state lines, and will generally favor a definition that expands the number of damaged vehicles that qualify as salvage. however, certain interest groups, including repair shops and some insurance associations, may oppose this type of legislation. national legislation has not yet been enacted in this area, and there can be no assurance that such legislation will be enacted in the future.
we also acquire inventory directly from insurance companies, oems, and others. to the extent that these suppliers decide to discontinue these arrangements, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers.
in europe, we acquire products from a wide variety of suppliers. as vehicle technology changes, some parts will become more complex and the design or technology of those parts may be covered by patents or other rights that make it difficult for aftermarket suppliers to produce for sale to companies such as ours. the complexity of the parts may include software or other technical aspects that make it difficult to identify what is wrong with the vehicle. more complex parts may be difficult to repair and may require expensive or difficult to obtain software updates, limiting our ability to compete with the oems.
our annual and quarterly performance may fluctuate.
our revenue, cost of goods sold, and operating results have fluctuated on a quarterly and annual basis in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. future factors that may affect our operating results include, but are not limited to, those listed in the special note on forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k. additionally, the number of selling days can fluctuate each quarter causing volatility in revenue and net income. accordingly, our results of operations may not be indicative of future performance. these fluctuations in our operating results may cause our results to fall below our published financial guidance and the expectations of public markets, which could cause our stock price or the value of our debt instruments to decline.
our key management personnel are important to successfully manage our business and achieve our objectives.
our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees at the operating level. if we lose the services of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, or if one or more of them decides to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. if we lose the services of any of our key employees at the operating or regional level, we may not be able to replace them with similarly qualified personnel, which could harm our business. in addition, to the extent wage inflation occurs in jurisdictions in which we operate, we may not be able to retain key employees or we may experience increased costs.
we operate in foreign jurisdictions, which exposes us to foreign exchange and other risks.
we have operations in north america, europe and taiwan, and we may expand our operations in the countries in which we do business and into other countries. our foreign operations expose us to additional risks associated with international business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition, including import and export requirements and compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the u.k. bribery act 2010 and the foreign corrupt practices act. we also incur costs in currencies other than our functional currencies in some of the countries in which we operate. we are thus subject to foreign exchange exposure to the extent that we operate in different currencies, as well as exposure to foreign tax and other foreign and domestic laws. in addition, certain countries in which we operate have a higher level of political instability and criminal activity than the u.s. that could affect our operations and the ability to maintain our supply of products.
if we determine that our goodwill or other intangible assets have become impaired, we may incur significant charges to our pre-tax income.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. in the future, our goodwill and intangible assets may increase as a result of acquisitions. goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment. impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of acquired businesses, deterioration of expected future cash flows or performance, increases in our cost of capital, adverse market conditions, and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including modifications that restrict the activities of the acquired business. as of december 31, 2019, our total goodwill subject to future impairment testing was $4.4 billion. for further discussion of our annual impairment test, see "goodwill impairment" in the critical accounting policies and estimates section of item 7 in this annual report on form 10-k.
except for indefinite-lived intangibles, we amortize other intangible assets over the assigned useful lives, each of which is based upon the expected period to be benefited. we review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or sooner if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. we review finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in the event conditions change that affect our ability to realize the underlying cash flows associated with our intangible assets, we may record an impairment charge. as of december 31, 2019, the value of our other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, was $850 million.
our business may be adversely affected by union activities and labor and employment laws.
certain of our employees are represented by labor unions and other employee representative bodies and work under collective bargaining or similar agreements, which are subject to periodic renegotiation. from time to time, there have been efforts to organize additional portions of our workforce and those efforts can be expected to continue. in addition, legislators and government agencies could adopt new regulations, or interpret existing regulations in a manner, that could make it significantly easier for unionization efforts to be successful. also, we may in the future be subject to strikes or work stoppages, union and works council campaigns, and other labor disruptions and disputes. additional unionization efforts, new collective bargaining or similar agreements, and work stoppages could materially increase our costs and reduce revenue and could limit our flexibility in terms of work schedules, reductions in force and other operational matters.
we also are subject to laws and regulations that govern such matters as minimum wage, overtime and other working conditions. some of these laws are technical in nature and could be subject to interpretation by government agencies and courts different than our interpretations. efforts to comply with existing laws, changes to such laws and newly-enacted laws may increase our labor costs and limit our flexibility. if we were found not to be in compliance with such laws, we could be subject to fines, penalties and liabilities to our employees or government agencies. in addition, efforts to better protect local markets from foreign workers and decisions of countries to withdraw from treaties and joint economic areas may lead to increased restrictions on the free movement of people and labor and may limit our ability to place key personnel where they could best serve our needs.
we rely on information technology and communication systems in critical areas of our operations and a disruption relating to such technology could harm our business.
in the ordinary course of business, we rely upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are leased from third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our business operations and strategy. despite security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, breaches due to employee error or malfeasance, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, terminations of business relationships by third party service providers, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the occurrence of any of these events could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disruption to our operations and damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. in addition, as security threats continue to evolve, we will likely need to invest additional resources to protect the security of our systems.
in the event that we decide to switch providers or to implement upgrades or replacements to our own systems, we may be unsuccessful in the development of our own systems or we may underestimate the costs and expenses of switching providers or developing and implementing our own systems. also, our revenue may be hampered during the period of implementing an alternative system, which period could extend longer than we anticipated. we are in the midst of a systems conversion project for our european businesses, which will be subject to all of these risks.
the costs of complying with the requirements of laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information and the potential liability associated with the failure to comply with such laws could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we collect personally identifiable information ("pii") and other data as part of our business processes and operations. the legislative and regulatory framework relating to privacy and data protection is rapidly evolving worldwide and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws and regulations. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union, canada and other jurisdictions where we conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of pii and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions that are more restrictive than those in the u.s. additionally, the european union adopted the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") that will impose more stringent data protection requirements for processors and controllers of personal data, including expanded disclosures about how pii is to be used, limitations on retention of pii, mandatory data breach notification requirements, and higher standards for data controllers to demonstrate that they have obtained valid consent for certain data processing activities. the gdpr became effective in may 2018, and there can be no assurance that we have timely implemented all processes required for full compliance with the regulation. the gdpr provides severe penalties for noncompliance. in addition, stricter laws in this area are being enacted in certain states in the u.s. and in other countries, and more jurisdictions are likely to follow this trend.
any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection issues, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations (including at newly-acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to us, result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, give rise to civil litigation, result in damage to our reputation (including the loss of trust by our customers and employees), inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business. we also may be subject to these adverse effects if other parties with whom we do business, including lenders, suppliers, consultants and advisors, violate applicable laws or contractual obligations or suffer a security breach.
business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our operations, the function of our computer systems, and/or the availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of any of them, may result in the closure of our distribution centers or other facilities or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory through our system on a timely basis.  this may affect our ability to serve our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty.  some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the u.s. or into the other countries in which we operate, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices.  such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to environmental regulations and incur costs relating to environmental matters.
we are subject to various environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things: the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, or water; exposure to hazardous materials; and the generation, handling, storage, use, treatment, identification, transportation, and disposal of industrial by-products, waste water, storm water, and mercury and other hazardous materials. we are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. if we violate or fail to obtain or comply with these laws, regulations, or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators or lose our operating permits. we could also become liable if employees or other parties are improperly exposed to hazardous materials. we have an environmental management process designed to facilitate and support our compliance with these requirements; we cannot assure you, however, that we will at all times be in complete compliance with such requirements.
we have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures relating to environmental matters. although we presently do not expect to incur any capital or other expenditures relating to environmental controls or other environmental matters in amounts that would be material to us, we may be required to make such expenditures in the future.
under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at, or migration to or from, our or our predecessors' past or present facilities and at independent waste disposal sites. these laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. many of our facilities are located on or near properties with a history of industrial use that may have involved hazardous materials. as a result, some of our properties may be contaminated. some environmental laws hold current or previous owners or operators of real property liable for the costs of cleaning up contamination. these environmental laws also impose liability on any person who disposes of, treats, or arranges for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, regardless of whether the affected site is owned or operated by such person, and at times can impose liability on companies deemed under law to be a successor to such person. third parties may also make claims against owners or operators of properties, or successors to such owners or operators, for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of hazardous or toxic substances.
contamination resulting from vehicle recycling processes can include soil and ground water contamination from the release, storage, transportation, or disposal of gasoline, motor oil, antifreeze, transmission fluid, chlorofluorocarbons ("cfcs") from air conditioners, other hazardous materials, or metals such as aluminum, cadmium, chromium, lead, and mercury. contamination from the refurbishment of chrome plated bumpers can occur from the release of the plating material. contamination can migrate on-site or off-site, which can increase the risk, and the amount, of any potential liability.
when we identify a potential material environmental issue during our acquisition due diligence process, we analyze the risks, and, when appropriate, perform further environmental assessment to verify and quantify the extent of the potential contamination. furthermore, where appropriate, we have established financial reserves for certain environmental matters. in the event we discover new information or if laws change, we may incur significant liabilities, which may exceed our reserves.
environmental laws are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become more stringent over time. our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we could be subject to product liability claims and involved in product recalls.
if customers of repair shops that purchase our products are injured or suffer property damage, we could be subject to product liability claims by such customers. the successful assertion of this type of claim could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.  in addition, we may become involved in the recall of a product that is determined to be defective. more generally, a recall involving alternative parts, even if we did not sell the recalled products, could adversely affect the perceived quality of alternative parts, leading to decreased usage of alternative parts. the expenses of a recall and the damage to our reputation, or the reputation of alternative parts generally, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we have agreed to defend and indemnify in certain circumstances insurance companies and customers against claims and damages relating to product liability and product recalls. the existence of claims or damages for which we must defend and indemnify these parties could also negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition.
governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew our operating licenses and permits.
our operating subsidiaries in our salvage, self-service, and refurbishing operations must obtain licenses and permits from state and local governments to conduct their operations. when we develop or acquire a new facility, we must seek the approval of state and local units of government. governmental agencies may resist the establishment of a vehicle recycling or refurbishing facility in their communities. there can be no assurance that future approvals or transfers will be granted. in addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and renew the licenses and permits our operating subsidiaries currently hold.
regulations related to conflict-free minerals may force us to incur additional expenses and otherwise adversely impact our business.
in august 2012, as mandated by the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the sec adopted final rules regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, originating from the democratic republic of congo or adjoining countries. these requirements impose significant burdens on u.s. public companies. compliance with the rules requires substantial due diligence in an effort to determine whether products contain the conflict minerals.  the results of such due diligence efforts must be disclosed on an annual basis in a filing with the sec.
our supply chain is complex and we may incur significant costs to determine the source of any such minerals used in our products. we may also incur costs with respect to potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of our diligence activities. further, the implementation of these rules and their effect on customer, supplier and/or consumer behavior could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. as there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering products free of conflict minerals in some circumstances, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary products from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. we may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict-free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products through the procedures we implement. accordingly, these rules could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition.
if we experience problems with our fleet of trucks and other vehicles, our business could be harmed.
we use a fleet of trucks and other vehicles to deliver the majority of the products we sell. we are subject to the risks associated with providing delivery services, including inclement weather, disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, governmental regulation, availability and price of fuel, liabilities arising from accidents to the extent we are not covered by insurance, and insurance premium increases. in addition, our failure to deliver products in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we may lose the right to operate at key locations.
we lease most of the properties at which we conduct our businesses. at the end of a lease term, we must negotiate a renewal, exercise a purchase option (to the extent we have that right), or find a new location. there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate renewals on terms acceptable to us or that we will find a suitable alternative location, especially with respect to our salvage operations (which have characteristics that are often not attractive to landlords, local governments, or neighbors). in such cases, we may lose the right to operate at key locations.
our effective tax rate could materially increase as a consequence of various factors, including interpretations and administrative guidance in regard to the tax act (defined below), u.s. and/or international tax legislation, mix of earnings by jurisdiction, and u.s. and foreign jurisdictional audits.
we are a u.s. based multinational company subject to income taxes in the u.s. and a number of foreign jurisdictions. therefore, we are subject to changes in tax laws in each of these jurisdictions and such changes could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and cash flows.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). among other things, the tax act reduced the u.s. statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017. additionally, beginning in 2018, the tax act imposed a regime of taxation on foreign subsidiary earnings (global intangible low-taxed income, "gilti") and on certain related party payments (base erosion anti-abuse tax, "beat"). other important changes potentially material to our operations included the full expensing of certain assets placed into service after september 27, 2017, the repeal of the domestic manufacturing deduction, and additional limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation. finally, as part of the transition of u.s. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system, the tax act imposed a one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of historical earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017.
many non-u.s. jurisdictions are implementing tax legislation based upon recommendations made by the organization for economic co-operation and development in connection with its base erosion and profit shifting study, as well as certain anti-tax-avoidance initiatives advanced by the european commission. the outcome of these legislative developments could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and cash flows.
the tax rates applicable in the jurisdictions within which we operate vary widely. therefore, our effective tax rate may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of our earnings by jurisdiction.
we are also subject to ongoing audits of our income tax returns in various jurisdictions both in the u.s. and internationally. while we believe that our tax positions will be sustained, the outcomes of such audits could result in the assessment of additional taxes, which could adversely impact our cash flows and financial results.
if significant tariffs or other restrictions are placed on products or materials we import or any related counter-measures are taken by countries to which we export products, our revenue and results of operations may be materially harmed.
the current u.s. administration has imposed tariffs on certain materials imported into the u.s. from china and announced additional tariffs on other goods from china and other countries. moreover, counter-measures have been taken by other countries in retaliation for the u.s.-imposed tariffs. the tariffs cover products and materials that we import, and the counter-measures may affect products we export. the effects currently are not material; however, depending on the breadth of products and materials ultimately affected by, and the duration of, the tariffs and countermeasures, our financial results may be materially harmed. in addition, countries may impose other restrictions on the importation of products. for example, in 2018 china imposed a ban on the importation of various types of solid waste allegedly in an effort to reduce environmental pollution. this ban includes certain scrap metals that we sell and continues to have the effect of reducing the prices of such products.
activist investors could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management's attention, and have an adverse effect on our business.
we have in the past received, and we may in the future be subject to, proposals by activist investors urging us to take certain corporate actions. activist investor activities could cause our business to be adversely affected because responding to proxy contests and other demands by activist investors can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, and divert the attention of management and our employees. for example, we have retained, and may in the future be required to retain, the services of various professionals to advise us on activist investor matters, including legal, financial and communications advisors, the costs of which may negatively impact our future financial results. campaigns by activist investors to effect changes at publicly-traded companies are sometimes led by investors seeking to increase short term investor value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases, or sales of assets or the entire company. perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy or leadership that arise as a consequence of activist investor initiatives may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new investors, employees and business partners, and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation.
risks relating to our common stock and financial structure the market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation.
the stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions.  the market price for our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts' expectations.  failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. in addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies.  downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline.  additionally, the market price for our common stock has been in the past, and in the future may be, adversely affected by allegations made or reports issued by short sellers, analysts, activists or others regarding our business model, our management or our financial accounting.
following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such companies.  if similar litigation were instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
delaware law, our charter documents and our loan documents may impede or discourage a takeover, which could affect the price of our stock.
the anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, our loan documents and delaware law could, together or separately, impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. our certificate of incorporation and bylaws have provisions that could discourage potential takeover attempts and make attempts by stockholders to change management more difficult. our credit agreement provides that a change of control is an event of default. our incorporation under delaware law and these provisions could also impede an acquisition, takeover, or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the price of our common stock.
future sales of our common stock or other securities may depress our stock price.
we and our stockholders may sell shares of common stock or other equity, debt or instruments that constitute an element of our debt and equity (collectively, "securities") in the future. we may also issue shares of common stock under our equity incentive plan or in connection with future acquisitions. we cannot predict the size of future issuances of securities or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock or other securities will have on the price of our common stock. sales of substantial amounts of common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), the issuance of additional debt securities, or the perception that such sales or issuances could occur, may cause the price of our common stock to fall.
we cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be fully implemented.
in october 2018, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program totaling $500 million. in october 2019, our board of directors authorized an increase to our existing stock repurchase program under which the company may purchase up to an additional $500 million of our common stock, bringing the authorized total to $1.0 billion. we are not obligated to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares, and our repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to obtain financing in the future and to react to changes in our business.
as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of secured debt outstanding and approximately $1.8 billion of availability under our credit agreement ($1.9 billion of availability reduced by $69 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit). in addition, we had approximately $2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured debt outstanding comprising $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior notes due may 15, 2023 (the "u.s. notes (2023)"), €500 million ($561 million) aggregate principal amount of 3.875% senior notes due april 1, 2024 (the "euro notes (2024)"), and €1.0 billion ($1.1 billion) aggregate principal amount consisting of €750 million of 3.625% senior notes due 2026 (the "euro notes (2026)") and €250 million of 4.125% senior notes due 2028 (the "euro notes (2028)," together with the 2026 notes, the "euro notes (2026/28)," and together with the u.s. notes (2023), euro notes (2024), and euro notes (2026), the "senior notes"). borrowings under the credit agreement mature in january 2024. on january 10, 2020, we redeemed the u.s. notes (2023) at a redemption price equal to 101.583% of the principal amount of the u.s. notes (2023) plus accrued and unpaid interest.
our significant amount of debt and our debt service obligations could limit our ability to satisfy our obligations, limit our ability to operate our business and impair our competitive position.
for example, our debt and our debt service obligations could:
•   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and general industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are and will continue to be at variable rates of interest;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce the availability of our cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry;
•   place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that may have proportionately less debt;
•   limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing due to applicable financial and restrictive covenants in our debt agreements; and
•   increase our cost of borrowing.
in addition, if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the ability to service such debt would increase.
our senior notes do not impose any limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or protect against certain other types of transactions.
although we are subject to our credit agreement for so long as it remains in effect, the indentures governing the senior notes do not restrict the future incurrence of unsecured indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations. the indentures contain certain limitations on our ability to incur liens on assets and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. however, these limitations are subject to important exceptions. in addition, the indentures do not contain many other restrictions, including certain restrictions contained in our credit agreement, including, without limitation, making investments, prepaying subordinated indebtedness or engaging in transactions with our affiliates.
our credit agreement will permit, subject to specified conditions and limitations, the incurrence of a significant amount of additional indebtedness. as of december 31, 2019, we would have been able to incur an additional $1.8 billion of indebtedness under our credit agreement ($1.9 billion of availability reduced by $69 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit). if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the need to service such debt would increase.
our credit agreement imposes significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities.
our credit agreement imposes significant operating and financial restrictions on us. these restrictions limit our ability, among other things, to:
•   incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness (including guarantees thereof);
•   pay dividends or certain other distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock or prepay subordinated indebtedness;
•   incur liens on assets;
•   make certain investments or other restricted payments;
•   engage in transactions with affiliates;
•   sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies;
•   guarantee indebtedness; and
•   alter the business we conduct.
as a result of these covenants and restrictions, we will be limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. the terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. the failure to comply with any of these covenants would cause a default under the credit agreement. a default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of our debt, in which case the debt would become immediately due and payable. if this occurs, we may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. even if new financing were available, it may be on terms that are less attractive to us than our existing credit facilities or it may be on terms that are not acceptable to us.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we hope to realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. any future refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants which could further restrict our business operations. additionally, our credit agreement and the indentures that govern our senior notes limit the use of the proceeds from certain dispositions of our assets; as a result, our credit agreement and our senior notes may prevent us from using the proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy all of our debt service obligations.
our future capital needs may require that we seek to refinance our debt or obtain additional debt or equity financing, events that could have a negative effect on our business.
we may need to raise additional funds in the future to, among other things, refinance existing debt, fund our existing operations, improve or expand our operations, respond to competitive pressures, or make acquisitions. from time to time, we may raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic alliances, or other arrangements. funds may not be available or available on terms acceptable to us as a result of different factors, including but not limited to turmoil in the credit markets that results in the tightening of credit conditions and current or future regulations applicable to the financial institutions from whom we seek financing. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to meet our business or strategic objectives or compete effectively. if we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interests, and the newly issued securities may have rights superior to those of our common stock. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and further limitations on our operations. if we refinance or restructure our debt, we may incur charges to write off the unamortized portion of deferred debt issuance costs from a previous financing, or we may incur charges related to hedge ineffectiveness from our interest rate swap obligations. there are restrictions in the indenture that governs the euro notes (2024), euro notes (2026) and euro notes (2028) on our ability to refinance such notes prior to january 1, 2024, april 1, 2021, and april 1, 2023, respectively. if we fail to raise capital when needed, our business may be negatively affected.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly and could affect the value of our senior notes.
certain borrowings under our credit agreement and the borrowing under our accounts receivable securitization facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. moreover, changes in market interest rates could affect the trading value of the senior notes. certain of our variable rate debt, including our revolving credit facility, currently uses the london interbank offered rate ("libor") as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. libor is the subject of recent proposals for reform. these reforms and other pressures may cause libor to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. the consequences of these developments with respect to libor cannot be entirely predicted but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt. assuming all revolving loans were fully drawn and no interest rate swaps were in place, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in a $36 million change in annual cash interest expense under our credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization facility.
repayment of our indebtedness, including our senior notes, is dependent on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries.
we are a holding company and repayment of our senior notes will be dependent upon cash flow generated by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. unless they are borrowers or guarantors of the indebtedness, our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on the indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness, including the senior notes. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries and, under certain circumstances, distributions from our subsidiaries may be subject to taxes that reduce the amount of such distributions available to us. while the indentures governing the senior notes limit the ability of our subsidiaries to restrict the payment of dividends or to restrict other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. in the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, including the senior notes.
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our senior notes.
credit ratings have an important effect on our cost of capital. credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include, among other items, our results of operations, business decisions that we make, their view of the general outlook for our industry, and their view of the general outlook for the economy. actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading, or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading. we believe our current credit ratings enhance our ability to borrow funds at favorable rates.  a downgrade in our current credit rating from a rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our credit facilities. a downgrade could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affecting our ability to issue new notes in the future or incur other indebtedness upon favorable terms.
the right to receive payments on the senior notes is effectively junior to those lenders who have a security interest in our assets.
our obligations under our senior notes and our guarantors' obligations under their guarantees of the senior notes are unsecured, but our and each co-borrower's obligations under our credit agreement and each guarantor's obligations under their respective guarantees of the credit agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our domestic tangible and intangible assets, including the stock of most of our wholly-owned united states subsidiaries and the stock of certain of our non-united states subsidiaries. if we are declared bankrupt or insolvent, or if we default under our credit agreement, the lenders could declare all of the funds borrowed thereunder, together with accrued interest, immediately due and payable. if we were unable to repay such indebtedness, the lenders could foreclose on the pledged assets to the exclusion of holders of our senior notes, even if an event of default exists under the applicable indenture governing the senior notes. furthermore, if the lenders foreclose and sell the pledged equity interests in any subsidiary guarantor under our senior notes, then that guarantor will be released from its guarantee of the senior notes automatically and immediately upon such sale. in any such event, because the senior notes are not secured by any of our assets or the equity interests in subsidiary guarantors, it is possible that there would be no assets remaining from which claims by holders of the senior notes could be satisfied or, if any assets remained, they might be insufficient to satisfy claims fully. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of secured debt outstanding and approximately $1.8 billion of availability under our credit agreement ($1.9 billion of availability reduced by $69 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit).
united states federal and state statutes allow courts, under specific circumstances, to void the senior notes and the guarantees, subordinate claims in respect of the senior notes and the guarantees, and require holders of the senior notes to return payments received from us or the guarantors.
our direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries that are obligors under the credit agreement guarantee the obligations under our senior notes. in addition, certain subsidiaries of the issuer of the euro notes (2024) guarantee the obligations under the euro notes (2024). the issuance of our senior notes and the issuance of the guarantees by the guarantors may be subject to review under state and federal laws if a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization case or a lawsuit, including in circumstances in which bankruptcy is not involved, were commenced at some future date by, or on behalf of, our unpaid creditors or the unpaid creditors of a guarantor. under the federal bankruptcy laws of the united states and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer laws, a court may avoid or otherwise decline to enforce the senior notes, or a guarantor's guarantee, or may subordinate the senior notes, or such guarantee, to our or the applicable guarantor's existing and future indebtedness. while the relevant laws may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, a court might do so if it found that when indebtedness under the senior notes was issued, or when the applicable guarantor entered into its guarantee, or, in some jurisdictions, when payments became due under the senior notes, or such guarantee, the issuer or the applicable guarantor received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration and:
•   was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such incurrence;
•   was engaged in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or
•   intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature.
a court would likely find that we or a guarantor did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the senior notes or such guarantee if we or such guarantor did not substantially benefit directly or indirectly from the issuance of the senior notes. thus, if the guarantees were legally challenged, any guarantee could be subject to the claim that, since the guarantee was incurred for our benefit, and only indirectly for the benefit of the guarantor, the obligations of the applicable guarantor were incurred for less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration. if a court were to void the issuance of the senior notes or any guarantee, a holder of the senior notes would no longer have any claim against us or the applicable guarantor. in the event of a finding that a fraudulent transfer or conveyance occurred, a holder of the senior notes may not receive any repayment on the senior notes. further, the avoidance of the senior notes could result in an event of default with respect to our and our subsidiaries' other debt, which could result in acceleration of that debt. the measures of insolvency for purposes of these fraudulent transfer laws vary depending upon the law applied in any proceeding to determine whether a fraudulent transfer has occurred. generally, however, an issuer or a guarantor, as applicable, would be considered insolvent if:
•   the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, was greater than the fair value of its assets;
•   the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•   it could not pay its debts as they become due.
a court might also void the senior notes, or a guarantee, without regard to the above factors, if the court found that the senior notes were incurred or issued or the applicable guarantor entered into its guarantee with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors. we cannot give any assurance as to what standard a court would apply in determining whether we or the guarantors were solvent at the relevant time or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard, or, regardless of the standard that a court uses, that it would not determine that we or a guarantor were indeed insolvent on that date; that any payments to the holders of the senior notes (including under the guarantees) did not constitute preferences, fraudulent transfers or conveyances on other grounds; or that the issuance of the senior notes and the guarantees would not be subordinated to our or any guarantor's other debt. in addition, any payment by us or a guarantor pursuant to the senior notes, or its guarantee, could be avoided and required to be returned to us or such guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of our or such guarantor's creditors, and accordingly the court might direct holders of the senior notes to repay any amounts already received from us or such guarantor. among other things, under u.s. bankruptcy law, any payment by us pursuant to the senior notes or by a guarantor under a guarantee made at a time we or such guarantor were found to be insolvent could be voided and required to be returned to us or such guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of our or such guarantor's creditors if such payment is made to an insider within a one-year period prior to a bankruptcy filing or within 90 days for any outside party and such payment would give such insider or outsider party more than such party would have received in a distribution under the bankruptcy code in a hypothetical chapter 7 case. although each guarantee contains a "savings clause" intended to limit the subsidiary guarantor's liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its subsidiary guarantee to be a fraudulent transfer, this provision may not be effective as a legal matter to protect any subsidiary guarantees from being avoided under fraudulent transfer law. in that regard, in official committee of unsecured creditors of tousa, inc. v citicorp north america, inc., the united states bankruptcy court in the southern district of florida held that a savings clause similar to the savings clause included in our indentures was unenforceable. as a result, the subsidiary guarantees were found to be fraudulent conveyances. the united states court of appeals for the eleventh circuit subsequently affirmed the liability findings of the bankruptcy court without ruling directly on the enforceability of savings clauses generally. if the decision of the bankruptcy court in tousa were followed by other courts, the risk that the guarantees would be deemed fraudulent conveyances would be significantly increased.
to the extent a court avoids the senior notes or any of the guarantees as fraudulent transfers or holds the senior notes or any of the guarantees unenforceable for any other reason, the holders of the senior notes would cease to have any direct claim against us or the applicable guarantor. if a court were to take this action, our or the applicable guarantor's assets would be applied first to satisfy our or the applicable guarantor's other liabilities, if any, and might not be applied to the payment of the senior notes. sufficient funds to repay the senior notes may not be available from other sources, including the remaining guarantors, if any. in addition, the euro notes (2024) and the related guarantees may be subject to avoidance under the laws of foreign jurisdictions, including italy and czech republic, to the extent that we, the issuer of the euro notes (2024), or any of the guarantors (as applicable) were to be the subject of an insolvency or related proceeding in such jurisdiction(s).
not all of our subsidiaries have guaranteed our credit agreement or our senior notes, and the assets of our non-guarantor subsidiaries may not be available to make payments on such obligations.
not all of our subsidiaries have guaranteed the credit agreement, our u.s. notes (2023), euro notes (2024), euro notes (2026), and euro notes (2028). in the event that any non-guarantor subsidiary becomes insolvent, liquidates, reorganizes, dissolves or otherwise winds up, holders of its indebtedness and its trade creditors generally will be entitled to payment on their claims from the assets of that subsidiary before any of those assets are made available to the lenders under the credit agreement or the holders of the senior notes. consequently, claims in respect of the credit agreement and the senior notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of our subsidiaries that are not guarantors of such instruments, including trade payables, and any claims of third party holders of preferred equity interests, if any, in our non-guarantor subsidiaries. for the year ended december 31, 2019, our subsidiaries that are not borrowers under or do not guarantee the credit agreement and our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the u.s. notes (2023) represented approximately 51% and 30% of our total revenue and operating income, respectively. in addition, these non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 54% and 55% of our total assets and total liabilities, respectively, as of december 31, 2019 (excluding, in each case, intercompany amounts). as of the same date, our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the credit agreement or the u.s. notes (2023) had approximately $2.5 billion of outstanding indebtedness (which includes $662 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facilities by foreign subsidiaries that are borrowers under the revolving credit facilities but that do not guarantee the u.s. notes (2023)). the group of subsidiaries that does not guarantee the euro notes (2024) is similar to the group that does not guarantee the u.s. notes (2023), euro notes (2026) and euro notes (2028), except that, in addition to the issuer of the euro notes (2024), there are four subsidiaries in the group that do not guarantee the u.s. notes (2023), euro notes (2026) and euro notes (2028) that guarantee the euro notes (2024).
we may not be able to repurchase the senior notes upon a change of control or pursuant to an asset sale offer.
upon a change of control, as defined in the indentures governing the senior notes, the holders of the senior notes will have the right to require us to offer to purchase all of the senior notes then outstanding at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. such a change of control would also be an event of default under our credit agreement. in order to obtain sufficient funds to pay amounts due under the credit agreement and the purchase price of the outstanding senior notes, we expect that we would have to refinance our indebtedness. we cannot assure you that we would be able to refinance our indebtedness on reasonable terms, if at all. our failure to offer to purchase all outstanding senior notes or to purchase all validly tendered senior notes would be an event of default under the indenture. such an event of default may cause the acceleration of our other debt. our other debt also may contain restrictions or repayment requirements with respect to specified events or transactions that constitute a change of control under the indenture.
the definition of change of control in the indentures governing the senior notes includes a phrase relating to the sale of "all or substantially all" of our assets. there is no precise established definition of the phrase "substantially all" under applicable law. accordingly, the ability of a holder of senior notes to require us to repurchase its senior notes as a result of a sale of less than all our assets to another person may be uncertain.
in addition, in certain circumstances as specified in the indentures governing the senior notes, we will be required to commence an asset sale offer, as defined in the indentures governing the senior notes, pursuant to which we will be obligated to purchase certain senior notes at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest with the proceeds we receive from certain asset sales. our other debt may contain restrictions that would limit or prohibit us from completing any such asset sale offer. in particular, our credit agreement contains provisions that require us, upon the sale of certain assets, to apply all of the proceeds from such asset sale to the prepayment of amounts due under the credit agreement. the mandatory prepayment obligations under the credit agreement will be effectively senior to our obligations to make an asset sale offer with respect to the senior notes under the terms of the indentures governing the senior notes. our failure to purchase any such senior notes when required under the indentures would be an event of default under the indentures.
key terms of the senior notes will be suspended if the notes achieve investment grade ratings and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing.
many of the covenants in the indentures governing the senior notes will be suspended if the senior notes are rated investment grade by standard & poor's and moody's provided at such time no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, including those covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability to pay dividends, incur liens and to enter into certain other transactions. there can be no assurance that the senior notes will ever be rated investment grade. however, suspension of these covenants would allow us to engage in certain transactions that would not be permitted while these covenants were in force (although provisions under our other debt, like the credit agreement, may continue to restrict us from engaging in these transactions), and the effects of any such transactions will be permitted to remain in place even if the senior notes are subsequently downgraded below investment grade.
the liquidity and market value of the senior notes may change due to a variety of factors.
the liquidity of any trading market in the senior notes, and the market price quoted for the senior notes, may be adversely affected by changes in the overall market for these types of securities, changes in interest rates, changes in our ratings, and changes in our financial performance or prospects or in the prospects for companies in our industries generally.
we rely on an accounts receivable securitization program for a portion of our liquidity.
we have an arrangement whereby we sell an interest in a portion of our accounts receivable to a special purpose vehicle and receive funding through the commercial paper market. this arrangement expires in november 2021. in the event that the market for commercial paper were to close or otherwise become constrained, our cost of credit relative to this program could rise, or credit could be unavailable altogether.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we are a global distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, and specialty products and accessories to improve the performance, functionality and appearance of vehicles.
buyers of vehicle replacement products have the option to purchase from primarily five sources: new products produced by oems; new products produced by companies other than the oems, which are referred to as aftermarket products; recycled products obtained from salvage and total loss vehicles; recycled products that have been refurbished; and recycled products that have been remanufactured. we distribute a variety of products to collision and mechanical repair shops, including aftermarket collision and mechanical products; recycled collision and mechanical products; refurbished collision products such as wheels, bumper covers and lights; and remanufactured engines and transmissions. collectively, we refer to the four sources that are not new oem products as alternative parts.
we are a leading provider of alternative vehicle collision replacement products and alternative vehicle mechanical replacement products, with our sales, processing, and distribution facilities reaching most major markets in the united states and canada. we are also a leading provider of alternative vehicle replacement and maintenance products in the united kingdom, germany, the benelux region (belgium, netherlands, and luxembourg), italy, czech republic, poland, slovakia, austria, and various other european countries. in addition to our wholesale operations, we operate self service retail facilities across the u.s. that sell recycled automotive products from end-of-life-vehicles. we are also a leading distributor of specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories reaching most major markets in the u.s. and canada.
we are organized into four operating segments: wholesale - north america; europe; specialty and self service. we aggregate our wholesale - north america and self service operating segments into one reportable segment, north america, resulting in three reportable segments: north america, europe and specialty.
our operating results have fluctuated on a quarterly and annual basis in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. please refer to the factors referred to in forward-looking statements above. due to these factors and others, which may be unknown to us at this time, our operating results in future periods can be expected to fluctuate. accordingly, our historical results of operations may not be indicative of future performance.
acquisitions and investments since our inception in 1998, we have pursued a growth strategy through both organic growth and acquisitions. we have pursued acquisitions that we believe will help drive profitability, cash flow and stockholder value. we target companies that are market leaders, will expand our geographic presence and will enhance our ability to provide a wide array of vehicle products to our customers through our distribution network.
during 2019, we completed seven acquisitions for a total consideration of $63 million, including three wholesale businesses and one self service business in north america, and three wholesale businesses in europe.
on may 30, 2018, we acquired stahlgruber, a leading european wholesale distributor of aftermarket spare parts for passenger cars, tools, capital equipment and accessories with operations in germany, austria, italy, slovenia, and croatia with further sales to switzerland. this acquisition expanded lkq's geographic presence in continental europe and serves as an additional strategic hub for our european operations. in addition, this acquisition should allow for continued improvement in procurement, logistics and infrastructure optimization.
on july 3, 2017, we acquired four parts distribution businesses in belgium. these companies were acquired with the objective of transforming the existing three-step distribution model in belgium to a two-step distribution model to align with our netherlands operations.
on november 1, 2017, we acquired the aftermarket business of warn, a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of high performance vehicle equipment and accessories. this acquisition expanded lkq's presence in the specialty market and created viable points of entry into related markets.
on april 21, 2016, we acquired pgw, a leading global distributor and manufacturer of automotive glass products. pgw's business comprised aftermarket automotive replacement glass distribution services and automotive glass manufacturing. on march 1, 2017, we sold the automotive glass manufacturing component of pgw. unless otherwise noted, the discussion related to pgw throughout part ii, item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k refers to the aftermarket glass distribution operations of pgw, pgw autoglass, which is included within continuing operations. see note 3, "discontinued operations" in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to our discontinued operations. the acquisition of pgw autoglass expanded our addressable market in north america and provided distribution synergies with our existing network.
in october 2016, we acquired substantially all of the business assets of andrew page limited ("andrew page"), a distributor of aftermarket automotive parts in the united kingdom. the u.k. competition and markets authority ("cma") concluded its review of this acquisition on october 31, 2017 and required us to divest less than 10% of the acquired locations. we divested the required locations during 2018.
in addition to the significant acquisitions mentioned above, during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, we acquired various smaller businesses across our north america, europe, and specialty segments.
on december 1, 2016, we acquired a 26.5% equity interest in mekonomen ab ("mekonomen"), the leading independent car parts and service chain in the nordic region of europe, offering a wide range of quality products including spare parts and accessories for cars, and workshop services for consumers and businesses. we acquired additional shares in the fourth quarter of 2018, increasing our equity interest to 26.6%. we are accounting for our interest in mekonomen using the equity method of accounting, as our investment gives us the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee.
see note 2, "business combinations" and "investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our acquisitions and investments.
sources of revenue we report our revenue in two categories: (i) parts and services and (ii) other. our parts revenue is generated from the sale of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, and specialty products and accessories to improve the performance, functionality and appearance of vehicles. our service revenue is generated primarily from the sale of service-type warranties, fees for admission to our self service yards, diagnostic and repair services, and processing fees related to the secure disposal of vehicles. during the year ended december 31, 2019, parts and services revenue represented approximately 95% of our consolidated revenue. revenue from other sources includes scrap sales, bulk sales to mechanical manufacturers (including cores), and sales of aluminum ingots and sows from our furnace operations. other revenue will vary from period to period based on fluctuations in commodity prices and the volume of materials sold. see note 5, "revenue recognition" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information related to our sources of revenue.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, inventory valuation, business combinations and goodwill impairment. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. the results of these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and our recognition of revenue. actual results may differ from these estimates.
revenue recognition for information regarding our critical accounting policies related to revenue, refer to note 5, "revenue recognition," to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
inventory accounting for all inventory, carrying value is recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. net realizable value can be influenced by current anticipated demand. if actual demand differs from our estimates, additional reductions to inventory carrying value would be necessary in the period such determination is made.
for all of our aftermarket products, excluding our aftermarket automotive glass products, cost is established based on the average price we pay for parts; for our aftermarket automotive glass products inventory, cost is established using the first-in first-out method. inventory cost for all of our aftermarket products includes expenses incurred for freight in and overhead costs; for items purchased from foreign companies, import fees and duties and transportation insurance are also included. refurbished inventory cost is based upon the average price we pay for cores. the cost of our refurbished inventory also includes expenses incurred for freight in, labor and other overhead costs. our salvage inventory cost is established based upon the price we pay for a vehicle, including auction, towing and storage fees, as well as expenditures for buying and dismantling vehicles. inventory carrying value is determined using the average cost to sales percentage at each of our facilities and applying that percentage to the facility's inventory at expected selling prices, the assessment of which incorporates the sales probability based on a part's days in stock and historical demand. the average cost to sales percentage is derived from each facility's historical profitability for salvage vehicles. remanufactured inventory cost is based upon the price paid for cores, and also includes expenses incurred for freight, direct manufacturing costs and overhead related to our remanufacturing operations. the cost of manufactured product inventory is established using the first-in first-out method.
lease accounting on january 1, 2019, we adopted accounting standards update 2016-02, "leases" ("asu 2016-02"), which represents the fasb accounting standards codification topic 842 ("asc 842"). we adopted the new guidance using the modified retrospective transition approach by applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application with no restatement of comparative periods. the most significant impact was the recognition of lease assets and liabilities for operating leases. refer to "recent accounting pronouncements-adoption of new lease standard" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" and note 13, "leases" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the adoption of the new lease standard and our critical accounting policies related to leases.
business combinations we record our acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting, under which the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values. we utilize management estimates and, in some instances, independent third party valuation firms to assist in determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent consideration granted. there are inherent assumptions and estimates used in developing the future cash flows and fair values of tangible and intangible assets, such as projecting revenues and profits, discount rates, income tax rates, royalty rates, customer attrition rates and other various valuation assumptions. we use various valuation methods to value property, plant and equipment. when valuing real property, we typically use the sales comparison approach for land and the income approach for buildings and building improvements. when valuing personal property, we typically use either the income or cost approach. we used the relief-from-royalty method to value trade names, trademarks, software and other technology assets, and we used the multi-period excess earnings method to value customer relationships. the relief-from-royalty method assumes that the intangible asset has value to the extent that its owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from the intangible asset. the multi-period excess earnings method is based on the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable only to the customer relationship after deducting contributory asset charges.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles impairment we are required to test our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually. when testing goodwill for impairment, we are required to evaluate events and circumstances that may affect the performance of the reporting unit and the extent to which the events and circumstances may impact the future cash flows of the reporting unit to determine whether the fair value of the assets exceeds the carrying value. developing the estimated future cash flows and fair value of the reporting unit requires management's judgment in projecting revenues and profits, allocation of shared corporate costs, tax rates, capital expenditures, working capital requirements, discount rates and market multiples. many of the factors used in assessing fair value are outside the control of management, and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates can change in future periods. if these assumptions or estimates change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges for these assets. in response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill.
we perform goodwill impairment tests annually in the fourth quarter and between annual tests whenever events indicate that an impairment may exist. during 2019, we did not identify any events or changes in circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying amounts. therefore, we did not perform any impairment tests other than our annual test in the fourth quarter as of october 31, 2019.
our goodwill impairment assessment is performed by reporting unit. a reporting unit is an operating segment, or a business one level below an operating segment (the "component" level), for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. however, components are aggregated as a single reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. for the purpose of aggregating our components into reporting units, we review the long-term performance of segment ebitda. additionally, we review qualitative factors such as type or class of customers, nature of products, distribution methods, inventory procurement methods, level of integration, and interdependency of processes across components. our assessment of the aggregation includes both qualitative and quantitative factors and is based on the facts and circumstances specific to the components.
we have four operating segments: wholesale - north america, europe, specialty and self service. each of these operating segments consists of multiple components that have discrete financial information available that is reviewed by segment management on a regular basis. we have evaluated these components and concluded that the components that compose the wholesale - north america, europe, specialty, and self service operating segments are economically similar and thus were aggregated into four separate reporting units for our 2019 annual goodwill impairment test.
our goodwill would be considered impaired if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value. the fair value estimates are established using weightings of the results of a discounted cash flow methodology and a comparative market multiples approach. we believe that using two methods to determine fair value limits the chances of an unrepresentative valuation. discount rates, growth rates and cash flow projections are the assumptions that are most sensitive and susceptible to change as they require significant management judgment. impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of acquired businesses, increases in our cost of capital, adverse market conditions, and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including modifications that restrict the activities of the acquired business. to assess the reasonableness of the fair value estimates, we compare the sum of the reporting units' fair values to the company's market capitalization and calculate an implied control premium, which is then evaluated against recent market transactions in our industry. if we were required to recognize goodwill impairments, we would report those impairment losses as part of our operating results.
we determined no impairments existed when we performed our annual goodwill impairment testing in 2019 on all four reporting units as each of those reporting units had a fair value estimate that exceeded the carrying value by at least 25%. as of december 31, 2019, we had a total of $4.4 billion in goodwill subject to future impairment tests.
based on our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2018, we determined the carrying value of our aviation reporting unit exceeded the fair value estimate by more than the carrying value, thus we recorded an impairment charge of $33 million, which represented the total carrying value of goodwill in our aviation reporting unit. the impairment charge was due to a decrease in the fair value estimate from the prior year fair value estimate, primarily driven by a significant deterioration in the outlook for the aviation reporting unit due to competition, customer financial issues and changing market conditions for the airplane platforms that the business services, which lowered our projected gross margin and related future cash flows. we reported the impairment charge in impairment of net assets held for sale and goodwill on the consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2018. we sold the aviation business in the third quarter of 2019.
we review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or sooner if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. we performed a quantitative impairment test in the fourth quarter as of october 31, 2019, using the relief-from-royalty method to value the warn trademark, which is our only indefinite-lived intangible; we determined no impairment existed as the trademark had a fair value estimate which exceeded the carrying value.
recently issued accounting pronouncements see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to new accounting standards.
financial information by geographic area see note 16, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to our revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region.
1 lkq europe program we have undertaken the 1 lkq europe program to create structural centralization and standardization of key functions to facilitate the operation of the europe segment as a single business. under this multi-year program, we have recognized to date and expect to continue to recognize the following:
•   restructuring expenses - non-recurring costs resulting directly from the implementation of the 1 lkq europe program from which the business will derive no ongoing benefit. see note 6, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.
•   transformation expenses - period costs incurred to execute the 1 lkq europe program that are expected to contribute to ongoing benefits to the business (e.g. non-capitalizable implementation costs related to a common erp system). these expenses are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses.
•   transformation capital expenditures - capitalizable costs for long-lived assets, such as software and facilities, that directly relate to the execution of the 1 lkq europe program.
costs related to the 1 lkq europe program incurred to date are reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses and purchases of property, plant and equipment in our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we expect that future costs of the program, reflecting all three categories noted above, will range between $100 million and $125 million for the period from 2020 through 2021 with an additional $80 million to $100 million between 2022 and the projected completion date of the project in 2024.
results of operations-consolidated the following table sets forth statements of income data as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                                                        2018                                      2017
revenue                                                                            100.0             %                       100.0             %                       100.0             %
cost of goods sold                                                                  61.2             %                        61.5             %                        61.0             %
gross margin                                                                        38.8             %                        38.5             %                        39.0             %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                        28.6             %                        28.2             %                        27.9             %
restructuring and acquisition related expenses                                       0.3             %                         0.3             %                         0.2             %
impairment of net assets held for sale and goodwill                                  0.4             %                         0.3             %                           -             %
depreciation and amortization                                                        2.3             %                         2.3             %                         2.3             %
operating income                                                                     7.2             %                         7.4             %                         8.7             %
other expense, net                                                                   0.8             %                         1.2             %                         0.8             %
income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes                  6.3             %                         6.3             %                         7.9             %
provision for income taxes                                                           1.7             %                         1.6             %                         2.4             %
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries                          (0.3            )%                        (0.5            )%                         0.1             %
income from continuing operations                                                    4.3             %                         4.1             %                         5.5             %
net income (loss) from discontinued operations                                       0.0             %                        (0.0            )%                        (0.1            )%
net income                                                                           4.4             %                         4.1             %                         5.4             %
less: net income (loss) attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest           0.0             %                         0.0             %                        (0.0            )%
less: net income attributable to discontinued noncontrolling interest                0.0             %                           -             %                           -             %
net income attributable to lkq stockholders                                          4.3             %                         4.0             %                         5.5             %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                            percentage change in revenue
2019                                                                            2018                 organic             acquisition              foreign exchange              total change parts &amp; services revenue     $11,877,846                     $11,233,407                     0.3       %             7.6       %               (2.2         )%              5.7        %
other revenue                        628,263                         643,267                    (3.3      )%             1.2       %               (0.2         )%             (2.3       )%
total revenue                    $12,506,109                     $11,876,674                     0.1       %             7.3       %               (2.1         )%              5.3        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
the growth in parts and services revenue of 5.7% represented increases in segment revenue of 11.8% in europe (driven by the stahlgruber acquisition in may 2018) and 0.9% in north america and a decrease of 0.9% in specialty. the decrease in other revenue of 2.3% was primarily driven by a $21 million organic decrease, largely attributable to our north america segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the change in revenue by segment during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
cost of goods sold. cost of goods sold decreased to 61.2% of revenue in the year ended december 31, 2019 from 61.5% of revenue in the year ended december 31, 2018. our north america segment generated a 0.6% improvement in gross margin, which was partially offset by (i) a 0.2% increase in cost of goods sold attributable to mix and (ii) an increase of 0.2% primarily due to inventory write-downs in our europe segment. the mix impact is a result of our stahlgruber acquisition, as the lower margin europe segment makes up a larger percentage of the consolidated results and has a dilutive effect on the gross margin percentage. we recorded a $21 million reduction of inventory primarily due to our europe segment related to u.k. branch consolidation and brand rationalization initiated as part of our restructuring program. see note 6, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring plans. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
selling, general and administrative expenses. our selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 28.6% in the year ended december 31, 2019 from 28.2% in the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily as a result of 0.3% and 0.2% increases from our north america and europe segments, respectively. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
restructuring and acquisition related expenses. the following table summarizes restructuring and acquisition related expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                      2018                 change restructuring expenses                                   $34,832         (1)     $14,313         (2)     $20,519
acquisition related expenses                               2,147         (3)      18,115         (4)     (15,968    )
total restructuring and acquisition related expenses     $36,979                 $32,428                  $4,551
(1)   restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily consisted of (i) $20 million related to our 2019 global restructuring program, and (ii) $14 million related to integration costs from acquisitions.
(2)   restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily consisted of $10 million related to the integration of our acquisition of andrew page and $3 million related to our specialty segment. these integration activities included the closure of duplicate facilities and termination of employees.
(3)   acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 included costs related to completed and pending acquisitions.
(4)   acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily consisted of $16 million of costs for our acquisition of stahlgruber. the remaining costs related to other completed acquisitions and acquisitions that were pending as of december 31, 2018.
see note 6, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and integration plans.
impairment of net assets held for sale and goodwill. we recorded a $47 million impairment charge on net assets held for sale for the year ended december 31, 2019. the impairment charge was primarily attributable to our north america segment. we recorded a $33 million goodwill impairment charge on the aviation reporting unit in our north america segment in the fourth quarter of 2018. see "net assets held for sale" and "intangible assets" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the impairment charges.
depreciation and amortization. the following table summarizes depreciation and amortization for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                      2018                              change depreciation                             $150,649                  $137,632           $13,017        (1)
amortization                              140,121                   136,581             3,540        (2)
total depreciation and amortization      $290,770                  $274,213           $16,557
(1)   depreciation expense included an incremental $6 million in our europe segment, principally due to (i) a $7 million increase in depreciation expense from our acquisition of stahlgruber, and (ii) several individually immaterial factors that increased depreciation expense by $2 million in the aggregate, partially offset by (iii) a decrease of $3 million related to the impact of foreign currency translation, primarily due to decreases in the euro and pound sterling exchange rates during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period. depreciation expense also included an incremental $6 million in our north america segment, primarily due to capital expenditures related to new warehouse openings and upgrades to our existing information technology infrastructure.
(2)   the increase in amortization expense primarily reflected (i) an incremental $16 million from our acquisition of stahlgruber, partially offset by (ii) a decrease of $6 million related to the impact of foreign currency translation, principally due to a decrease in the euro exchange rate during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period, and (iii) a decrease of $6 million related to our 2016 acquisition of rhiag, which had lower amortization expense during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period as a result of accelerated amortization on a customer relationship intangible asset.
other expense, net. the following table summarizes the components of the change in other expense, net (in thousands):
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2018        $138,810
decrease due to:
interest expense                                                 (7,873   )   (1)
(gain) loss on debt extinguishment                               (1,478   )
interest income and other income, net                           (23,838   )   (2)
net decrease                                                    (33,189   )
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2019        $105,621
(1)   the decrease in interest expense is primarily related to (i) a $9 million decrease from lower interest rates on borrowings under our senior secured credit agreement compared to the prior year period, and (ii) a $4 million decrease from foreign currency translation, primarily related to a decrease in the euro exchange rate during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period, partially offset by (iii) a $5 million increase resulting from higher outstanding debt during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period (including the borrowings in 2018 under our euro notes (2026/28) for the stahlgruber acquisition).
(2)   the increase in interest income and other income, net primarily consisted of (i) a $12 million non-recurring gain related to resolution of an acquisition related matter in the fourth quarter of 2019, (ii) a $5 million fair value loss recorded during 2018 related to a preferential rights issue to subscribe for new shares at a discounted share price for our equity method investment in mekonomen; see note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information, (iii) $3 million of proceeds received in the first quarter of 2019 related to an insurance settlement in our north america segment, (iv) a $2 million non-recurring impairment loss recorded during the second quarter of 2018 related to our andrew page operation, and (v) several individually immaterial factors that increased interest and other income by $2 million in the aggregate.
provision for income taxes. our effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2019 was 27.2%, compared to 25.7% for the prior year. the increase was primarily attributable to the impact of a favorable discrete item of $10 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, reflecting an adjustment to the tax act transition tax. we did not have a similar benefit in 2019, thus creating an increase of 1.4% on the annual tax rate. the increase was also partially attributable to the impact of a favorable discrete item of approximately $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, for excess tax benefits from stock-based payments; there were $3 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based payments for the year ended december 31, 2019 for an unfavorable year over year impact of 0.3%. see note 15, "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries. equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries for the year ended december 31, 2019 primarily related to our investment in mekonomen. during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, we recognized other-than-temporary impairment charges of $40 million and $71 million, respectively, related to our investment in mekonomen. see "investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the impairment charges. excluding the impairment charges, we recorded equity in earnings of $9 million and $7 million related to our investment in mekonomen for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
foreign currency impact. we translate our statements of income at the average exchange rates in effect for the period. relative to the rates used during the year ended december 31, 2018, the czech koruna, euro, pound sterling and canadian dollar rates used to translate the 2019 statements of income decreased by 5%, 5%, 4% and 2%, respectively. the negative translation effect of the change in foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar combined with the negative impact of realized and unrealized currency gains and losses for the year ended december 31, 2019 resulted in a $0.03 negative effect on diluted earnings per share relative to the prior year period.
net income (loss) from discontinued operations. we recorded net income of $2 million and a net loss of $4 million from discontinued operations during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. see note 3, "discontinued operations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
net (loss) income attributable to continuing and discontinued noncontrolling interest. net (loss) income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest for the year ended december 31, 2019 was comparable to the prior year period, due to (i) a $2 million decrease in our north america segment, as we allocated a loss of $1 million to the noncontrolling interest of an immaterial subsidiary during the year ended december 31, 2019, which was offset by (ii) a $2 million increase related to the noncontrolling interest of subsidiaries acquired in connection with the stahlgruber acquisition. net income attributable to discontinued noncontrolling interest was $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 and related to the stahlgruber czech republic wholesale business. see note 3, "discontinued operations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on this business.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017
revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                            percentage change in revenue
2018                                                                            2017                 organic             acquisition              foreign exchange              total change parts &amp; services revenue     $11,233,407                      $9,208,634                     4.4       %            16.0       %                1.5          %             22.0        %
other revenue                        643,267                         528,275                    20.4       %             1.4       %                0.0          %             21.8        %
total revenue                    $11,876,674                      $9,736,909                     5.3       %            15.3       %                1.4          %             22.0        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
the change in parts and services revenue of 22.0% represented increases in segment revenue of 6.5% in north america, 43.4% in europe and 13.2% in specialty. organic growth in parts and services revenue on a per day basis was 4.1% as there was one additional selling day in 2018 compared to 2017. the increase in other revenue of 21.8% was primarily driven by a $108 million organic increase, largely attributable to our north america segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the change in revenue by segment during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017.
cost of goods sold. cost of goods sold increased to 61.5% of revenue in the year ended december 31, 2018 from 61.0% of revenue in the year ended december 31, 2017. cost of goods sold increased 0.4% and 0.3% as a result of our europe and north america segments, respectively. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017.
selling, general and administrative expenses. our sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 28.2% in the year ended december 31, 2018 from 27.9% in the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily as a result of a 0.2% increase from our north america segment. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in sg&a expenses as a percentage of revenue by segment for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017.
restructuring and acquisition related expenses. the following table summarizes restructuring and acquisition related expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2018                                                                                      2017                 change restructuring expenses                                   $14,313         (1)      $5,012         (2)      $9,301
acquisition related expenses                              18,115         (3)      14,660         (4)       3,455
total restructuring and acquisition related expenses     $32,428                 $19,672                 $12,756
(1)   restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily consisted of $10 million related to the integration of our acquisition of andrew page and $3 million related to our specialty segment. these integration activities included the closure of duplicate facilities and termination of employees.
(2)   restructuring expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 included $2 million, $2 million, and $1 million related to the integration of acquired businesses in our north america, specialty, and europe segments, respectively. these integration activities included the closure of duplicate facilities and termination of employees.
(3)   acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily consisted of $16 million of costs for our acquisition of stahlgruber. the remaining costs related to other completed acquisitions and acquisitions that were pending as of december 31, 2018.
(4)   acquisition related expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 included $5 million of costs for our acquisition of andrew page, primarily related to legal and other professional fees associated with the cma review. the remaining acquisition related costs for the year ended december 31, 2017 consisted of external costs for completed acquisitions; pending acquisitions as of december 31, 2017, including $4 million related to stahlgruber; and potential acquisitions that were terminated.
see note 6, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and integration plans.
impairment of net assets held for sale and goodwill. we recorded a $33 million goodwill impairment charge on the aviation reporting unit in the fourth quarter of 2018. see "intangible assets" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies," for further information.
depreciation and amortization. the following table summarizes depreciation and amortization for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2018                                                      2017                              change depreciation                             $137,632                  $117,859           $19,773        (1)
amortization                              136,581                   101,687            34,894        (2)
total depreciation and amortization      $274,213                  $219,546           $54,667
(1)   the increase in depreciation expense primarily reflected an increase of $17 million in our europe segment, composed of (i) $10 million of incremental depreciation expense from our acquisition of stahlgruber, (ii) a $3 million increase due to a measurement period adjustment recorded in the year ended december 31, 2017 related to our valuation procedures for our acquisition of rhiag that reduced depreciation expense, and (iii) $3 million of incremental depreciation expense from our acquisitions of aftermarket parts distribution businesses in belgium and poland in the third quarter of 2017. depreciation expense also increased by $2 million related to the impact of foreign currency translation, primarily due to increases in the pound sterling, euro, and czech koruna exchange rates during 2018 compared to the prior year.
(2)   the increase in amortization expense primarily reflected (i) an increase of $37 million from our acquisition of stahlgruber, and (ii) an increase of $4 million from our acquisition of warn, partially offset by (iii) a $7 million decrease due to our 2016 acquisitions of rhiag and pgw, which had higher amortization expense in 2017 compared to 2018 as a result of accelerated amortization on the customer relationship intangible assets.
other expense, net. the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year increase in other expense, net (in thousands):
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2017         $78,371
increase due to:
interest expense                                                 44,737   (1)
loss on debt extinguishment                                         894
gains on bargain purchases                                        1,452   (2)
interest income and other income, net                            13,356   (3)
net increase                                                     60,439
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2018        $138,810
(1)   additional interest primarily related to (i) a $38 million increase resulting from higher outstanding debt during 2018 compared to the prior year (including the borrowings under our euro notes (2026/28)), (ii) a $5 million increase from higher interest rates on borrowings under our senior secured credit agreement compared to the prior year, and (iii) a $2
million increase from foreign currency translation, primarily related to an increase in the euro exchange rate during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017.
(2)   over the past three years, we have completed several european acquisitions that resulted in gains on bargain purchase. in 2018, newly recorded gains and adjustments related to preliminary gains decreased relative to the prior year amount.
(3)   the increase in interest income and other income, net primarily consisted of (i) a $6 million increase in foreign currency losses, (ii) a $5 million fair value loss recorded during 2018 related to a preferential rights issue to subscribe for new shares at a discounted share price for our equity method investment in mekonomen; see note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information, and (iii) a non-recurring $4 million gain recorded in 2017 due to a decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities.
provision for income taxes. our effective income tax rate was 25.7% for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to 30.7% for the year ended december 31, 2017. the following table summarizes the components of our provision for income taxes for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2018                                                                     2017
base provision for income taxes                         $202,511                  $266,403         (1)
excess tax benefits from stock-based payments             (4,859     )              (8,000     )   (2)
u.s. tax reform deferred tax rate adjustment                   -                   (72,988     )   (3)
u.s. tax reform transition tax on foreign earnings        (9,581     )              50,800         (4)
other discrete items                                       3,324                      (655     )
provision for income taxes                              $191,395                  $235,560
(1)   excluding the impact of discrete items, prior to the enactment of the tax act our recurring annual effective tax rate was approximately 35%. largely due to the reduction in the u.s. federal tax rate to 21%, we estimated the rate to be approximately 27%.
(2)   represents a discrete item for excess tax benefits received upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of rsus.
(3)   the 2017 amount represented the provisional estimate of the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of the tax act which reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate. there were no adjustments to the revaluation recorded in 2018; the accounting for this item is complete.
(4)   the 2017 amount represented the provisional estimate of the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017 as a result of the tax act. in 2018, we recognized a $10 million favorable adjustment to the tax act transition tax provisional estimate; the accounting for this item is complete.
for further discussion of the tax act, see note 15, "income taxes," included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries. equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 primarily related to our investment in mekonomen. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded $71 million in other-than-temporary impairments related to our investment in mekonomen. see note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the impairment charges. the impairment charges are excluded from our calculation of segment ebitda. see note 16, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for our reconciliation of net income to segment ebitda. excluding the impairment charges, we recorded equity in earnings of $7 million during each of the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 related to our investment in mekonomen.
foreign currency impact. we translate our statements of income at the average exchange rates in effect for the period. relative to the rates used during the year ended december 31, 2017, the czech koruna, euro, and pound sterling rates used to translate the 2018 statements of income increased by 7%, 5%, and 4%, respectively. the translation effect of the change in foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar and realized and unrealized currency losses for the year ended december 31, 2018 resulted in a $0.02 positive effect on diluted earnings per share from continuing operations relative to the prior year.
net income (loss) from discontinued operations. we recorded net losses from discontinued operations of $4 million and $7 million during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. discontinued operations represents the automotive glass manufacturing business of pgw, which we sold on march 1, 2017. see note 3, "discontinued operations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
net (loss) income attributable to continuing and discontinued noncontrolling interest. net (loss) income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $7 million from 2017 due to (i) a $5 million increase in our north america segment, as we allocated a loss of $4 million to the noncontrolling interest of an immaterial subsidiary during the year ended december 31, 2017, and (ii) a $2 million increase related to the noncontrolling interest of subsidiaries acquired in connection with the stahlgruber acquisition.
results of operations-segment reporting we have four operating segments: wholesale - north america, europe, specialty and self service. our wholesale - north america and self service operating segments are aggregated into one reportable segment, north america, because they possess similar economic characteristics and have common products and services, customers, and methods of distribution. therefore, we present three reportable segments: north america, europe and specialty.
we have presented the growth of our revenue and profitability in our operations on both an as reported and a constant currency basis. the constant currency presentation, which is a non-gaap measure, excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we believe providing constant currency information provides valuable supplemental information regarding our growth and profitability, consistent with how we evaluate our performance, as this statistic removes the translation impact of exchange rate fluctuations, which are outside of our control and do not reflect our operational performance. constant currency revenue and segment ebitda results are calculated by translating prior year revenue and segment ebitda in local currency using the current year's currency conversion rate. this non-gaap financial measure has important limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under gaap. our use of this term may vary from the use of similarly-titled measures by other issuers due to potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation and differences due to items subject to interpretation. in addition, not all companies that report revenue or profitability on a constant currency basis calculate such measures in the same manner as we do, and accordingly, our calculations are not necessarily comparable to similarly-named measures of other companies and may not be appropriate measures for performance relative to other companies.
the following table presents our financial performance, including third party revenue, total revenue and segment ebitda, by reportable segment for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                    % of total segment revenue   2018                            % of total segment revenue   2017                            % of total segment revenue third party revenue north america                  $5,208,589                                                   $5,181,964                                                   $4,798,901
europe                          5,838,124                                                    5,221,754                                                    3,636,811
specialty                       1,459,396                                                    1,472,956                                                    1,301,197
total third party revenue     $12,506,109                                                  $11,876,674                                                   $9,736,909
total revenue north america                  $5,209,294                                                   $5,182,609                                                   $4,799,651
europe                          5,838,124                                                    5,221,754                                                    3,636,811
specialty                       1,464,042                                                    1,477,680                                                    1,305,516
eliminations                       (5,351   )                                                   (5,369   )                                                   (5,069   )
total revenue                 $12,506,109                                                  $11,876,674                                                   $9,736,909
segment ebitda north america                    $712,957                     13.7               %            $660,153                     12.7               %            $655,275                     13.7               %
europe                            454,220                      7.8               %             422,721                      8.1               %             319,156                      8.8               %
specialty                         161,184                     11.0               %             168,525                     11.4               %             142,159                     10.9               %
the key measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by our chief operating decision maker, who is our chief executive officer, is segment ebitda. segment ebitda includes revenue and expenses that are controllable by the segment. corporate general and administrative expenses are allocated to the segments based on usage, with shared expenses apportioned based on the segment's percentage of consolidated revenue. we calculate segment ebitda as ebitda excluding restructuring and acquisition related expenses (which includes restructuring expenses recorded in cost of goods sold), change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, other gains and losses related to acquisitions, equity method investments or divestitures, equity in losses and earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries, and impairment charges. ebitda, which is the basis for segment ebitda, is calculated as net income, less net income (loss) attributable to continuing and discontinued noncontrolling interest, excluding discontinued operations and discontinued noncontrolling interest, depreciation, amortization, interest (which includes gains and losses on debt extinguishment) and income tax expense. see note 16, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a reconciliation of total segment ebitda to net income.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
north america third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our north america segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                 percentage change in revenue north america                                  2019                          2018              organic                   acquisition (3)             foreign exchange             total change parts &amp; services revenue      $4,600,903                    $4,558,220                  0.9      %     (1      )       0.2         %              (0.2         )%             0.9        %
other revenue                        607,686                       623,744                 (3.4     )%     (2      )       0.8         %              (0.0         )%            (2.6       )%
total third party revenue         $5,208,589                    $5,181,964                  0.4      %                     0.3         %              (0.2         )%             0.5        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   parts and services organic revenue increased 0.9% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period. this relatively low growth rate was impacted by (i) lower revenue in our glass and aviation businesses, which had unfavorable effects on organic growth of 0.4% and 0.2%, respectively, and (ii) collision and liability related auto claims being 1.4% lower for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period, which adversely impacted volume in our wholesale operations. additionally, our north america segment generated a 5.7% organic growth rate for parts and services revenue in the year ended december 31, 2018, due in part to severe winter weather conditions. facing a strong comparable period and with less favorable weather conditions in 2019, organic parts and services revenue growth was below our historical average.
(2)   the $21 million year over year organic decrease in other revenue primarily related to (i) a $67 million decrease in revenue from scrap steel and other metals primarily related to lower prices, partially offset by increased volumes, and (ii) a $12 million decrease in core revenue primarily related to decreased volumes, partially offset by (iii) a $62 million increase in revenue from precious metals (platinum, palladium and rhodium) primarily due to higher prices.
(3)   acquisition related growth in 2019 reflected revenue from our acquisitions of seven wholesale businesses and one self service business from the beginning of 2018 through the one-year anniversary of the acquisitions, partially offset by the disposal of our aviation business in the third quarter of 2019.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $53 million, or 8.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period. sequential decreases in scrap steel prices in our salvage and self service operations had an unfavorable impact of $23 million on north america segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to a $5 million favorable impact for the year ended december 31, 2018. this unfavorable impact resulted from the decrease in scrap steel prices between the date we purchased a vehicle, which influences the price we pay for a vehicle, and the date we scrapped a vehicle, which influences the price we receive for scrapping a vehicle. the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our north america segment:
north america                                                                                                                   percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2018                                                                                     12.7                      %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                                                   1.3                      %                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                                                    (0.6                     )%                    (2)
change in other expense, net and net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest                                           0.2                      %                    (3)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2019                                                                                     13.7                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the increase in gross margin primarily reflected favorable impacts of 1.3% from our wholesale operations and 0.3% from the disposal of our aviation business in the third quarter of 2019, partially offset by several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.3% in the aggregate. the increase in wholesale gross margin was primarily attributable to ongoing margin improvement initiatives and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact from higher prices of precious metals (platinum, palladium and rhodium) compared to the prior year period.
(2)   the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue is primarily related to a 0.4% increase in facility expenses principally due to higher expenses in rent related to expansions and renewals.
(3)   the decrease in other expense, net and net income attributable to continuing noncontrolling interest was due to several individually immaterial factors that had a favorable impact of 0.2% in the aggregate.
europe third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our europe segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                    percentage change in revenue europe                                          2019                            2018             organic (1)             acquisition (2)              foreign exchange (3)              total change parts &amp; services revenue      $5,817,547                      $5,202,231                     0.1       %              16.3         %                 (4.6           )%             11.8        %
other revenue                         20,577                          19,523                    (1.7      )%              12.8         %                 (5.8           )%              5.4        %
total third party revenue         $5,838,124                      $5,221,754                     0.1       %              16.3         %                 (4.6           )%             11.8        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   parts and services organic revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2019, mainly driven by our eastern european and u.k. operations, which had low single-digit growth rates. softer economic conditions across the continent continued to have a negative impact on revenue growth, most notably in germany and italy.
(2)   acquisition related growth for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $850 million, or 16.3%, primarily from our acquisition of stahlgruber.
(3)   compared to the prior year, exchange rates decreased our revenue growth by $240 million, or 4.6%, primarily due to the stronger u.s. dollar against the euro, pound sterling and czech koruna for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $31 million, or 7.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period. our europe segment ebitda included a negative year over year impact of $21 million related to the translation of local currency results into u.s. dollars at lower exchange rates than those experienced during the year ended december 31, 2018. on a constant currency basis (i.e. excluding the translation impact), segment ebitda increased by $53 million, or 12.4%, compared to the prior year. refer to the foreign currency impact discussion within the results of operations-consolidated section above for further detail regarding foreign currency impact on our results for the year ended december 31, 2019. the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our europe segment:
europe                                                                               percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2018                                           8.1                      %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                        0.2                      %                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                         (0.5                     )%                    (2)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2019                                           7.8                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   gross margin increased primarily due to (i) a 0.4% favorable impact related to an increase in supplier rebates as a result of centralized procurement for our europe segment and (ii) a 0.3% increase in our u.k. operations primarily as a result of decreased costs related to the national distribution facility, primarily due to expenses related to temporary service issues in 2018 that did not reoccur in 2019, as well as decreased inventory reserves, partially offset by (iii) a 0.3% unfavorable impact related to our benelux and italy operations, principally due to higher inventory write-offs and lower prices, and (iv) several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.2% in the aggregate.
(2) the increase in segment operating expenses was primarily due to (i) a 0.4% increase in personnel expenses principally as a result of the negative leverage effect and wage inflation due to low unemployment partially offset by a decrease from other personnel-related costs, including salaries and wages and non-incentive benefits, primarily due to reduced headcount, and (ii) a 0.2% increase in transformation expenses related to the 1 lkq europe program.
specialty third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our specialty segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                         percentage change in revenue specialty                      2019                    2018                                    organic (1)             acquisition             foreign exchange              total change parts &amp; services revenue   $1,459,396                      $1,472,956                      (0.7    )%              -       %               (0.3       )%                 (0.9     )%
other revenue                  -                               -                               -       %               -       %               -          %                  -        %
total third party revenue      $1,459,396                      $1,472,956                      (0.7    )%              -       %               (0.3       )%                 (0.9     )%
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the organic decline in parts and services revenue was driven by lower year over year wholesale drop ship sales largely due to supplier policy changes restricting our ability to sell to certain online retailers; as well as decreased sales volumes in our canada operations compared to the prior year period, primarily due to softening economic conditions. this organic decline was partially offset by modest growth in both our automotive and rv businesses in the u.s., largely due to expansion of our product line coverage, strong exclusive line performance, and continued roll-out of new product applications for new model year vehicles.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda decreased $7 million, or 4.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period. the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our specialty segment:
specialty                                                                            percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2018                                          11.4                      %
(decrease) increase due to:
change in gross margin                                                                       (1.2                     )%                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                          0.6                      %                    (2)
change in other expense, net                                                                  0.1                      %
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2019                                          11.0                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the decrease in gross margin reflects unfavorable impacts of (i) 0.4% of higher product costs, primarily due to non-recurring benefits from supplier discounts resulting from strategic purchasing efforts in the fourth quarter of 2017, which had a favorable impact on the year ended december 31, 2018 as they were recognized over a turn of inventory, (ii) 0.4% due to unfavorable product mix in 2019, and (iii) several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.4% in the aggregate.
(2)   the decrease in segment operating expenses reflects favorable impacts of (i) 0.5% in personnel costs primarily due to reduced headcount and (ii) 0.3% in freight expenses due to a decreased use of third party freight, partially offset by (iii) several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.2% in the aggregate.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017
north america third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our north america segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                 percentage change in revenue north america                                  2018                          2017              organic                   acquisition (3)             foreign exchange             total change parts &amp; services revenue      $4,558,220                    $4,278,531                  5.7      %     (1      )       0.8         %               0.0          %             6.5        %
other revenue                        623,744                       520,370                 19.6      %     (2      )       0.3         %               0.0          %            19.9        %
total third party revenue         $5,181,964                    $4,798,901                  7.2      %                     0.8         %               0.0          %             8.0        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   organic growth in parts and services revenue was attributable to roughly equal impacts of favorable pricing and increased sales volumes in our wholesale operations. the volume increases were primarily driven by (i) incremental sales related to an agreement signed in december 2017 for the distribution of batteries, and (ii) to a lesser extent, severe winter weather conditions in the first quarter of 2018 compared to mild winter weather conditions in the prior year period. organic growth in parts and services revenue for our north america segment on a per day basis was 5.3% as there was one additional selling day in 2018 compared to 2017.
(2)   the $103 million increase in other revenue primarily related to (i) a $64 million increase in revenue from scrap steel and other metals primarily related to higher prices and, to a lesser extent, increased volumes, year over year, (ii) a $24 million increase in revenue from metals found in catalytic converters (platinum, palladium, and rhodium) primarily due to higher prices and, to a lesser extent, increased volumes, year over year, and (iii) a $7 million increase in core revenue primarily related to increased volumes year over year.
(3)   acquisition related growth in 2018 reflected revenue from our acquisition of ten wholesale businesses from the beginning of 2017 up to the one-year anniversary of the acquisition dates.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $5 million, or 0.7%, in 2018 compared to the prior year. sequential increases in scrap steel prices in our salvage and self service operations had a favorable impact of $5 million on north america segment ebitda during the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to a $12 million positive impact on the year ended december 31, 2017. this favorable impact resulted from the increase in scrap steel prices between the date we purchased a vehicle, which influences the price we pay for a vehicle, and the date we scrapped a vehicle, which influences the price we receive for scrapping a vehicle. the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our north america segment:
north america                                                                                                               percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2017                                                                                 13.7                      %
decrease due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                                              (0.5                     )%                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                                                (0.3                     )%                    (2)
change in other expense, net and net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest                                          (0.2                     )%                    (3)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2018                                                                                 12.7                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the decrease in gross margin reflected unfavorable impacts of 0.3% and 0.2% from our wholesale and self service operations, respectively. the decrease in wholesale gross margin is primarily attributable to (i) a shift in our sales toward lower margin products, including batteries, compared to the prior year period, and (ii) higher car costs in our salvage operations. the decrease in self service gross margin is primarily attributable to higher car costs as a result of increases in scrap prices in the first half of the year. while higher car costs can produce more gross margin dollars, these cars tend to have a dilutive effect on the gross margin percentage as parts revenue will typically increase at a lesser rate than the rise in average car cost. self service gross margin was negatively impacted in the second half of 2018 due to declining scrap steel prices as the higher cost vehicles were scrapped.
(2)   the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue primarily reflected (i) a 0.3% increase in vehicle expenses primarily due to increased vehicle rental leases to handle incremental volumes as well as increases in fuel prices, and (ii) a 0.2% increase in freight expenses due to a higher use of, and increased prices of, third party freight, partially offset by (iii) several individually immaterial factors that had a favorable impact of 0.1% in the aggregate.
(3)   the increase in other expense, net and net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest was primarily due to several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.2% in the aggregate.
europe third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our europe segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                    percentage change in revenue europe                                          2018                            2017             organic (1)             acquisition (2)              foreign exchange (3)              total change parts &amp; services revenue      $5,202,231                      $3,628,906                     2.9       %              36.7         %                  3.8            %             43.4        %
other revenue                         19,523                           7,905                    74.2       %              72.8         %                 (0.0           )%            147.0        %
total third party revenue         $5,221,754                      $3,636,811                     3.1       %              36.7         %                  3.8            %             43.6        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   parts and services revenue growth for the year varied by geography. in our eastern european operations, revenue grew in the high single digits due to both existing and new branches (we added 68 since the beginning of 2017). our western european operations experienced slight declines to mid-single digit growth for the year due primarily to higher volumes in the second quarter of 2018 (partly attributable to the timing of the easter holiday) offsetting softness in the remainder of the year. while we expect to achieve lower organic growth rates in these more mature markets than in eastern europe, our revenue growth in 2018 was negatively impacted by competitor actions, economic conditions in certain countries, such as italy, and warmer than normal weather conditions. organic growth in parts and services revenue for our europe segment on a per day basis was 2.6% as there was one additional selling day in 2018 compared to 2017.
(2)   acquisition related growth for the year ended december 31, 2018 included $1.1 billion, or 30.2%, $79 million, or 2.2%, and $72 million, or 2.0%, from our acquisitions of stahlgruber and aftermarket parts distribution businesses in poland and belgium, respectively. the remainder of our acquired revenue growth included revenue from our acquisitions of 20 wholesale businesses in our europe segment since the beginning of 2017 through the one-year anniversary of the acquisitions.
(3)   compared to the prior year, exchange rates increased our revenue growth by $137 million, or 3.8%, primarily due to the weaker u.s. dollar against the pound sterling, euro and czech koruna during 2018 relative to 2017.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $104 million, or 32.4%, in 2018 compared to the prior year. our europe segment ebitda included a positive year over year impact of $15 million related to the translation of local currency results into u.s. dollars at higher exchange rates than those experienced during 2017. on a constant currency basis (i.e. excluding the translation impact), segment ebitda increased by $89 million, or 27.9%, compared to the prior year. refer to the foreign currency impact discussion within the results of operations - consolidated section above for further detail regarding foreign currency impact on our results for the year ended december 31, 2018. the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our europe segment:
europe                                                                                                                      percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2017                                                                                  8.8                      %
decrease due to:
change in gross margin                                                                                                              (0.2                     )%                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                                                                (0.4                     )%                    (2)
change in other expense, net and net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest                                          (0.1                     )%
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2018                                                                                  8.1                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the decline in gross margin was due to (i) a 0.6% decrease related to our u.k. operations primarily as a result of incremental costs related to the national distribution facility, principally due to replenishment issues and related stock availability in the first quarter at our national distribution center and branches that led to some temporary service issues and increased labor costs to manually stock and receive product, and higher customer incentives, partially offset by increased supplier rebates, and (ii) a 0.3% net decrease due to mix related to our acquisition of an aftermarket parts distribution business in poland during the third quarter of 2017. the unfavorable effects were partially offset by (i) a 0.4% increase in gross margin in our benelux operations primarily due to increased supplier rebates and the ongoing move from a three-step to a two-step distribution model, and (ii) a 0.3% favorable impact related to an increase in supplier rebates as a result of centralized procurement for our europe segment.
(2)   the increase in segment operating expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to a 0.4% increase in personnel expenses principally as a result of (i) negative leverage effect, as personnel costs grew at a greater rate than organic revenue, and (ii) increased headcount in our eastern european operations as new branches were opened, as well as wage inflation due to low unemployment in the region. additionally, a 0.2% increase in professional fees, primarily due to new information technology projects and other system enhancements, added to the unfavorable change in segment operating expenses. the unfavorable effects were partially offset by a 0.2% decrease in freight expenses due to a decreased use of third party freight in our u.k. operations.
specialty third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our specialty segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                                                              percentage change in revenue specialty                      2018                    2017                                      organic (1)             acquisition (2)              foreign exchange              total change parts &amp; services revenue   $1,472,956                      $1,301,197                        4.6       %               8.6         %                0.0          %             13.2        %
other revenue                  -                               -                                   -       %                 -         %                  -          %                -        %
total third party revenue      $1,472,956                      $1,301,197                        4.6       %               8.6         %                0.0          %             13.2        %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   organic growth in parts and services revenue was primarily due to higher volumes across both our automotive and rv businesses, largely due to expansion of our product line coverage, strong exclusive line performance, and year over year growth of new vehicle sales of pickups, sport utility vehicles and other highly accessorized vehicles. organic growth in parts and services revenue for our specialty segment on a per day basis was 4.2% as there was one additional selling day in 2018 compared to 2017.
(2)   acquisition related growth in 2018 included $110 million, or 8.4%, from our acquisition of warn through the one-year anniversary of the acquisition date. the remainder of our acquired revenue growth reflected an immaterial amount of acquired revenue from our acquisitions of three wholesale businesses from the beginning of 2017 up to the one-year anniversary of the acquisition dates.
segment ebitda. segment ebitda increased $26 million, or 18.5%, in 2018 compared to the prior year. the following table summarizes the changes in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue in our specialty segment:
specialty                                                                            percentage of total segment revenue segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2017                                          10.9                      %
increase (decrease) due to:
change in gross margin                                                                        1.3                      %                    (1)
change in segment operating expenses                                                         (0.6                     )%                    (2)
change in other expense, net                                                                 (0.2                     )%                    (3)
segment ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2018                                          11.4                      %
note: in the table above, the sum of the individual percentages may not equal the total due to rounding.
(1)   the increase in gross margin reflected favorable impacts of (i) 0.8% from our acquisition of warn, which has a higher gross margin than our other specialty operations, and (ii) 0.6% from our initiatives to improve gross margin. the favorable effects were partially offset by 0.2% of increased inventory write-downs as damaged and defective product was identified during our warehouse expansion projects on the west coast and in the southeastern u.s.
(2)   the increase in segment operating expenses reflected unfavorable impacts of (i) 0.3% in personnel costs primarily due to wage inflation, increased distribution expenses driven by a decreased use of third party freight and increased delivery routes to improve service levels, as well as higher employee benefit costs, (ii) 0.2% in vehicle and fuel expenses primarily due to increased fuel prices, and (iii) by several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.1% in the aggregate.
(3)   the increase in other expense, net is due to several individually immaterial factors that had an unfavorable impact of 0.2% in the aggregate.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes liquidity data as of the dates indicated (in thousands):
december 31, 2019       december 31, 2018
cash and cash equivalents                                                                    $523,020                $331,761
total debt (1)                                                                              4,072,026               4,347,697
current maturities (2)                                                                        326,648                 122,117
capacity under credit facilities (3)                                                        3,260,000               3,260,000
availability under credit facilities (3)                                                    1,922,671               1,697,698
total liquidity (cash and cash equivalents plus availability under credit facilities)       2,445,691               2,029,459
(1)   debt amounts reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $30 million and $37 million as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively).
(2)   debt amounts reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of immaterial amounts as of both december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018).
(3)   capacity under credit facilities includes our revolving credit facilities and our receivables securitization facility. availability under credit facilities is reduced by our outstanding letters of credit.
we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to fund our operations and provide for expansion through both internal development and acquisitions. our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations and our credit facilities. we utilize our cash flows from operations to fund working capital and capital expenditures, with the excess amounts going towards funding acquisitions, paying down outstanding debt or repurchasing lkq stock. as we have pursued acquisitions as part of our growth strategy, our cash flows from operations have not always been sufficient to cover our investing activities. to fund our acquisitions, we have accessed various forms of debt financing, including revolving credit facilities, senior notes and our receivables securitization facility.
as of december 31, 2019, we had debt outstanding and additional available sources of financing as follows:
•   senior secured credit facilities maturing in january 2024, composed of term loans totaling $350 million ($341 million outstanding at december 31, 2019) and $3.15 billion in revolving credit ($1.3 billion outstanding at december 31, 2019), bearing interest at variable rates (although a portion of the outstanding debt is hedged through interest rate swap contracts), with availability reduced by $69 million of amounts outstanding under letters of credit
•   u.s. notes (2023) totaling $600 million, maturing in may 2023 and bearing interest at a 4.75% fixed rate (redeemed in full on january 10, 2020)
•   euro notes (2024) totaling $561 million (€500 million), maturing in april 2024 and bearing interest at a 3.875% fixed rate
•   euro notes (2026/28) totaling $1.1 billion (€1.0 billion), consisting of (i) €750 million maturing in april 2026 and bearing interest at a 3.625% fixed rate, and (ii) €250 million maturing in april 2028 and bearing interest at a 4.125% fixed rate
•   receivables securitization facility with availability up to $110 million (no outstanding balance as of december 31, 2019), maturing in november 2021 and bearing interest at variable commercial paper rates from time to time, we may undertake financing transactions to increase our available liquidity, such as (i) our november 2018 amendment to our senior secured credit facility and (ii) the issuance of the euro notes (2026/28) in april 2018 related to the stahlgruber acquisition. given the long-term nature of our investment in stahlgruber, combined with favorable interest rates, we decided to fund the acquisition primarily through long-term, fixed rate notes. we believe this approach provides financial flexibility to execute our long-term growth strategy while maintaining availability under our revolver. if we see an attractive acquisition opportunity, we have the ability to use our revolver to move quickly and have certainty of funding up to the amount of our then-available liquidity. in december 2019, we announced our intention to redeem our u.s. notes (2023) to eliminate higher cost debt with lower interest rate borrowings on our credit facilities and cash on hand. we completed the redemption in january 2020.
as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $1.9 billion available under our credit facilities. combined with approximately $523 million of cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2019, we had approximately $2.4 billion in available liquidity, an increase of $416 million over our available liquidity as of december 31, 2018.
we believe that our current liquidity and cash expected to be generated by operating activities in future periods will be sufficient to meet our current operating and capital requirements, although such sources may not be sufficient for future acquisitions depending on their size. while we believe that we have adequate capacity, from time to time we may need to raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements. there can be no assurance that additional funding, or refinancing of our credit facilities, if needed, will be available on terms attractive to us, or at all. furthermore, any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants or higher interest costs. our failure to raise capital if and when needed could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
beginning in 2019, a number of our european suppliers began participating in supply chain financing programs in select countries under which they may sell their accounts receivable to the participating financial institutions, allowing us to extend payment terms. we expect more suppliers will begin participating in supply chain financing programs in 2020. financial institutions participate in the supply chain financing program on an uncommitted basis and can cease purchasing receivables from our suppliers at any time. these programs are at the sole discretion of both the supplier and the financial institution on terms that are negotiated between them. if the financial institutions did not continue to purchase receivables from our suppliers under these programs, the participating vendors may have a need to renegotiate their payment terms with us, which in turn could cause our borrowings under our revolving credit facility to increase.
borrowings under the credit agreement accrue interest at variable rates which are tied to the libor or the canadian dollar offered rate ("cdor"), depending on the currency and the duration of the borrowing, plus an applicable margin rate that is subject to change quarterly based on our reported leverage ratio. we hold interest rate swaps to hedge the variable rates on a portion of our credit agreement borrowings, with the effect of fixing the interest rates on the respective notional amounts. in addition, we hold currency swaps that contain an interest rate swap component and a foreign currency forward contract component that, when combined with related intercompany financing arrangements, effectively convert variable rate u.s. dollar-denominated borrowings into fixed rate euro-denominated borrowings. these derivative transactions are described in note 11, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. after giving effect to these contracts, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement at december 31, 2019 was 1.6%. including our senior notes, our overall weighted average interest rate on borrowings was 3.0% at december 31, 2019.
after 2021, it is unclear whether banks will continue to provide libor submissions to the administrator of libor, and no consensus currently exists as to what benchmark rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor. we cannot currently predict the effect of the discontinuation of, or other changes to, libor or any establishment of alternative reference rates in the united states, the european union or elsewhere on the global capital markets. the uncertainty regarding the future of libor, as well as the transition from libor to any alternative reference rate or rates, could have adverse impacts on our variable rate obligations that currently use libor as a benchmark rate. we are in the process of evaluating our financing obligations and other contracts that refer to libor. outstanding debt under our credit agreement, which constitutes the most significant of our libor-based debt obligations, contains provisions that address the potential discontinuation of libor and facilitate the adoption of an alternate rate of interest. we do not believe that the discontinuation of libor, or its replacement with an alternative reference rate or rates, will have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
cash interest payments were $143 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, including $92 million in semi-annual interest payments on our u.s. notes (2023), euro notes (2024) and euro notes (2026/2028). interest payments on our euro notes (2024) and euro notes (2026/2028) are made in april and october.
we had outstanding credit agreement borrowings of $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively. of these amounts, $18 million and $9 million was classified as current maturities at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the scheduled maturities of long-term obligations outstanding at december 31, 2019 are as follows (in thousands):
years ending december 31:
2020 (1)        $326,648
2021 (1)         133,951
2022          25,912
2023          21,650
2024 (1)       2,427,714
thereafter       1,136,151
total debt (2)      $4,072,026
(1)   of the $600 million u.s. notes (2023) that were redeemed in january 2020, in the table above $185 million is included in 2020 (reflecting the amount repaid with cash on hand), $105 million is included in 2021 (reflecting the amount repaid using borrowings under the receivables securitization facility), and $310 million is included in 2024 (reflecting the amount repaid using borrowings under the revolving credit facility).
(2)   the total debt amounts presented above reflect the gross values to be repaid (excluding debt issuance costs of $30 million as of december 31, 2019).
our credit agreement contains customary covenants that impose limitations and conditions on our ability to enter into certain transactions. the credit agreement also contains financial and affirmative covenants, including limitations on our net leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. we were in compliance with all restrictive covenants under our credit agreement as of december 31, 2019.
the following summarizes our required debt covenants and our actual ratios with respect to those covenants as calculated per the credit agreement as of december 31, 2019:
covenant level        ratio achieved as of december 31, 2019
maximum net leverage ratio             4.25:1.00                                           2.6
minimum interest coverage ratio        3.00:1.00                                          10.4
the terms net leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio used in the credit agreement are specifically calculated per the credit agreement and differ in specified ways from comparable gaap or common usage terms.
as of december 31, 2019, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $523 million, of which $234 million was held by foreign subsidiaries. in general, it is our practice and intention to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and that position has not changed following the enactment of the tax act and the related imposition of the transition tax. distributions of dividends from our foreign subsidiaries, if any, would be generally exempt from further u.s. taxation, either as a result of the new 100% participation exemption under the tax act, or due to the previous taxation of foreign earnings under the transition tax and the gilti regime. we believe that we have sufficient cash flow and liquidity to meet our financial obligations in the u.s. without repatriating our foreign earnings. we may, from time to time, choose to selectively repatriate foreign earnings if doing so supports our financing or liquidity objectives.
year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
the procurement of inventory is the largest operating use of our funds. we normally pay for aftermarket product purchases on standard payment terms or at the time of shipment, depending on the manufacturer and the negotiated payment terms. we normally pay for salvage vehicles acquired at salvage auctions and under direct procurement arrangements at the time that we take possession of the vehicles.
the following table sets forth a summary of our aftermarket and manufactured inventory procurement for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2019                     2018                           change north america          $1,372,600                $1,393,700             $(21,100      )    (1)
europe                  3,966,000                 3,635,400             330,600            (2)
specialty               1,107,200                 1,087,600             19,600             (3)
total                  $6,445,800                $6,116,700             $329,100
(1)   in north america, aftermarket purchases during the year ended december 31, 2019 decreased compared to the prior year period primarily as a result of an increased focus on inventory reduction.
(2)   in our europe segment, the increase in purchases during the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily driven by (i) a $588 million increase attributable to incremental inventory purchases as a result of our acquisition of stahlgruber in the second quarter of 2018, partially offset by (ii) a $79 million decrease attributable to our u.k. operations primarily due to inventory reduction efforts. there was also a decrease of $168 million in inventory purchases attributable to the decrease in the value of the euro and pound sterling in the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period.
(3)   specialty inventory purchases increased $20 million during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior year period primarily as a result of targeted purchases to increase annual supplier rebate achievement and build stock to support our 2020 initiatives.
the following table sets forth a summary of our global wholesale salvage and self service procurement of vehicles for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                 2018            % change north america wholesale salvage cars and trucks                                   (0.3     )%
europe wholesale salvage cars and trucks           25             28             (10.7     )%
self service and "crush only" cars                591            562        5.2             %   (1)
(1) compared to the prior year, we have increased the number of self service and "crush only" vehicles purchased in 2019 to support growth in our operations.
the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year increase in cash provided by operating activities (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2018        $711
increase (decrease) due to:
operating income                                                                        14       (1)
non-cash depreciation and amortization expense                                          20       (2)
impairment of net assets held for sale and goodwill                                     14       (3)
cash paid for taxes                                                                     19
cash paid for interest                                                                  (5   )
working capital accounts: (4)
accounts receivable                                                                     26
inventory                                                                              143
accounts payable                                                                        81
other operating activities                                                              41       (5)
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2019      $1,064
(1)   refer to the results of operations - consolidated section for further information on the increase in operating income.
(2)   non-cash depreciation and amortization expense increased compared to the prior year period as discussed in the results of operations - consolidated section.
(3)   in the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, we recorded impairment charges on net assets held for sale and goodwill, noting that the 2019 charges exceeded the prior year by $14 million. see "net assets held for sale" and "intangible assets" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the impairment charges.
(4)   cash flows related to our primary working capital accounts can be volatile as the purchases, payments and collections can be timed differently from period to period.
inventory represented an incremental $143 million in cash inflows in 2019 as a result of deliberate inventory reduction efforts in the europe and north america segments to reflect organic revenue conditions, as disclosed in the procurement section above.
accounts payable produced an incremental $81 million in cash inflows primarily due to timing effects related to our may 30, 2018 acquisition of stahlgruber. additionally, we increased accounts payable through extension of vendor terms in north america. the supply chain financing programs in europe did not have a material impact on accounts payable in 2019.
accounts receivable represented an incremental $26 million in cash inflows in 2019, primarily attributable to focus on collections in our specialty segment and u.k. operations, which was partially offset by timing effects from the stahlgruber acquisition, and to a lesser extent, the unwind of a receivables factoring program at stahlgruber.
(5)   reflects a number of individually insignificant fluctuations in cash paid for other operating activities.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $265 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $1.5 billion of cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2018. we invested $27 million of cash, net of cash acquired, in business acquisitions during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to $1.2 billion during the year ended december 31, 2018. property, plant and equipment purchases were $266 million in 2019 compared to $250 million in the prior year. the period over period increase in cash outflows for purchases of property, plant and equipment was primarily related to our europe segment. we received $18 million of net proceeds from divestitures of assets held for sale during the year ended december 31, 2019; no such proceeds were received in 2018.
net cash used in financing activities totaled $601 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $883 million during the year ended december 31, 2018. we received proceeds of $1.2 billion from our issuance of the euro notes (2026/28) during the year ended december 31, 2018; no such proceeds were received in the current year. we repurchased $292 million of our common stock during the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to $60 million during the year ended december 31, 2018. we also paid $21 million of debt issuance costs during 2018, primarily related to the issuance of the euro notes (2026/28); no such costs were incurred in 2019. during the year ended december 31, 2019, net repayments of our borrowings totaled $301 million compared to $273 million during the year ended december 31, 2018.
we intend to continue to evaluate markets for potential growth through the internal development of distribution centers, processing and sales facilities, and warehouses, through further integration of our facilities, and through selected business acquisitions. our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend upon numerous factors, including the costs and timing of our internal development efforts and the success of those efforts, the costs and timing of expansion of our sales and marketing activities, and the costs and timing of future business acquisitions.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017
the following table sets forth a summary of our aftermarket and manufactured inventory procurement for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2018                     2017                                       change north america          $1,393,700                $1,367,600                   $26,100        (1)
europe                  3,635,400                 2,355,300                 1,280,100        (2)
specialty               1,087,600                 1,006,600                    81,000        (3)
total                  $6,116,700                $4,729,500                $1,387,200
(1)   in north america, aftermarket purchases during the year ended december 31, 2018 increased compared to the comparable prior year period to support growth across our operations.
(2)   in our europe segment, the increase in purchases during the year ended december 31, 2018 was primarily driven by (i) an $821 million increase attributable to inventory purchases at stahlgruber from the date of acquisition through december 31, 2018, (ii) a $181 million increase primarily attributable to our eastern europe operations, of which $73 million was due to incremental inventory purchases in the first seven months of 2018 as a result of our acquisition of an aftermarket parts distribution business in poland in the third quarter of 2017; the remaining increase was primarily due to branch expansion in eastern europe, and (iii) a $146 million increase in purchases at our benelux operations, of which $41 million was attributable to incremental inventory purchases in the first six months of 2018 as a result of our acquisitions of aftermarket parts distribution businesses in belgium in the third quarter of 2017. there was also an increase of $88 million in inventory purchases driven by the increase in the value of the euro and pound sterling in 2018 compared to 2017.
(3)   in our specialty segment, the acquisition of warn in november 2017 added incremental purchases of $71 million during the year ended december 31, 2018, which includes purchases of aftermarket inventory and raw materials used in the manufacturing of specialty products. specialty inventory purchases also increased during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the prior year to support growth in our operations.
the following table sets forth a summary of our global wholesale salvage and self service procurement of vehicles for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2018                                                                 2017           % change north america wholesale salvage cars and trucks   310            310                -   %
europe wholesale salvage cars and trucks           28             25             12.0   %
self service and "crush only" cars                562            542              3.7   %      (1)
(1) compared to the prior year, we have increased the number of self service and "crush only" vehicles purchased in 2018 to support growth in our operations.
the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year increase in cash provided by operating activities (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2017      $519
increase (decrease) due to:
operating income                                                                      37       (1)
non-cash depreciation and amortization expense                                        64       (2)
impairment of net assets held for sale and goodwill                                   33       (3)
cash paid for taxes                                                                   73
cash paid for interest                                                               (42   )
working capital accounts: (4)
accounts receivable                                                                   39
inventory                                                                             72
accounts payable                                                                    (103   )   (5)
pension funding                                                                       (9   )   (6)
other operating activities                                                            28       (7)
net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2018      $711
(1)   refer to the results of operations - consolidated section for further information on the increase in operating income.
(2)   non-cash depreciation and amortization expense increased compared to the prior year period as discussed in the results of operations - consolidated section.
(3)   in the fourth quarter of 2018, we recorded an impairment charge on the goodwill in our aviation reporting unit. see "intangible assets" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the impairment charge.
(4)   cash flows related to our primary working capital accounts can be volatile as the purchases, payments and collections can be timed differently from period to period and can be influenced by factors outside of our control.
(5)   includes an outflow of $116 million related to stahlgruber, primarily resulting from the timing of the acquisition. due to the timing of processing invoice payments after the closing date, we assumed a larger payable balance but acquired more cash at closing. however, the cash acquired at closing is reflected in the investing section of the cash flow statement on the acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash acquired line.
(6)   during the year ended december 31, 2018, we made a special contribution of $9 million to one of our north america pension plans. see note 14, "employee benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our pension plans.
(7)   reflects a number of individually insignificant fluctuations in cash paid for other operating activities.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to $385 million of cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2017. we invested $1.2 billion of cash, net of cash acquired, in business acquisitions during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to $513 million during the year ended december 31, 2017. we received net proceeds from the sale of our glass manufacturing business totaling $301 million during the year ended december 31, 2017; no such proceeds were received in 2018. property, plant and equipment purchases were $250 million in 2018 compared to $179 million in the prior year. the period over period increase in cash outflows for purchases of property, plant and equipment was primarily related to our north america and europe segments. we had $28 million of proceeds from the disposals of property, plant and equipment in 2018 compared to $9 million in the prior year; the increase was primarily related to our north america segment. we invested $60 million in unconsolidated subsidiaries in 2018 compared to $8 million in the prior year, primarily due to the $48 million mekonomen rights issue in the fourth quarter of 2018; there was no rights offering in 2017. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we received $37 million of deferred purchase price proceeds on receivables under our factoring arrangement that was acquired in our stahlgruber acquisition; no such proceeds were received in 2017. the arrangement was subsequently terminated in december 2018.
net cash provided by financing activities totaled $883 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to net cash used in financing activities of $113 million during the year ended december 31, 2017. we received proceeds of $1.2 billion from our issuance of the euro notes (2026/28) during the year ended december 31, 2018; no such proceeds were received in the prior year. we repurchased $60 million of our common stock during 2018 following the board of directors' authorization of a stock repurchase program in october 2018; we did not repurchase any common stock during 2017. we also paid $21 million of debt issuance costs during 2018, primarily related to the issuance of the euro notes (2026/28), compared to $4 million paid during 2017 in connection with our december 2017 amendment of our credit facilities. during the year ended december 31, 2018, net repayments of our borrowings totaled $273 million compared to $115 million during the year ended december 31, 2017.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, foreign exchange rates decreased cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash by $77 million, compared to an increase of $24 million in the prior year. the current year impact was primarily related to a $66 million decrease resulting from the decline in the euro exchange rate between april 9, 2018, the date we received the proceeds from the euro notes (2026/28), and may 30, 2018, the date we paid the cash proceeds for the stahlgruber acquisition.
off-balance sheet arrangements and future commitments except as described below, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or undisclosed borrowings or debt that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to item 303 of regulation s-k under the securities exchange act of 1934. additionally, we do not have any synthetic leases.
as of december 31, 2019, there were letters of credit outstanding in the aggregate amount of $69 million.
we guarantee the residual values for the majority of our vehicles. had we terminated all of our operating leases subject to these guarantees at december 31, 2019, our portion of the guaranteed residual value would have totaled approximately $67 million. see note 13, "leases" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on leases.
in december 2019, we modified the shares of a noncontrolling interest of a subsidiary acquired in connection with the stahlgruber acquisition and issued new redeemable shares to the minority shareholder. the new redeemable shares contain a put option for all noncontrolling interest shares at a fixed price of $24 million (€21 million) for the minority shareholder exercisable in the fourth quarter of 2023. the put option is outside the control of the company to exercise. see "stockholders'
equity-noncontrolling interest" in note 4, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
the following table represents our future commitments under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 (in millions):
total            less than 1 year             1-3 years               3-5 years           more than 5 years contractual obligations long-term debt (1) (2)               $4,625.9                  $447.3                  $369.7                $2,607.8                  $1,201.1
finance lease obligations (3)            52.1                    10.1                    15.9                     6.7                      19.4
operating leases (4)                  1,804.8                   288.7                   449.7                   306.4                     760.0
purchase obligations (5)                553.8                   499.2                    54.6                       -                         -
other long-term obligations (6)         249.0                   112.2                    94.7                    26.9                      15.2
total                                $7,285.6                $1,357.5                  $984.6                $2,947.8                  $1,995.7
(1)   our long-term debt under contractual obligations above includes interest of $581 million on the balances outstanding as of december 31, 2019. the long-term debt balance excludes debt issuance costs, as these expenses have already been paid. interest on our senior notes, notes payable, and other long-term debt is calculated based on the respective stated rates. interest on our variable rate credit facilities is calculated based on the weighted average rates, including the impact of interest rate swaps through their respective expiration dates, in effect for each tranche of borrowings as of december 31, 2019. future estimated interest expense for the next year, one to three years, and three to five years is $116 million, $225 million and $164 million, respectively. estimated interest expense beyond five years is $76 million.
(2)   includes $614 million of u.s. notes (2023) redeemed on january 10, 2020, inclusive of principal, an early-redemption premium and interest. of this $614 million, $199 million is included in less than 1 year (reflecting the amount repaid with cash on hand), $105 million is included in 1-3 years (reflecting the amount repaid using borrowings under the receivables securitization facility), and $310 million is included in 3-5 years (reflecting the amount repaid using borrowings under the revolving credit facility).
(3)   interest on finance lease obligations of $11 million is included based on incremental borrowing or implied rates. future estimated interest expense for the next year, one to three years, and three to five years is $1 million, $1 million and $1 million, respectively. estimated interest expense beyond five years is $9 million.
(4)   the operating lease payments above do not include certain tax, insurance and maintenance costs, which are also required contractual obligations under our operating leases but are generally not fixed and can fluctuate from year to year. also, we have excluded future minimum lease payments for leases that have been signed but have not commenced as of december 31, 2019.
(5)   our purchase obligations include open purchase orders for aftermarket inventory.
(6)   our other long-term obligations consist of (i) estimated payments for our self-insurance reserves of $97 million, (ii) outstanding estimated payments of $33 million on the repatriation of earnings as a result of the tax act, (iii) a total of $8 million of guaranteed dividend payments to be made in quarterly installments through january 2024 to the minority shareholder of a subsidiary acquired in connection with the stahlgruber acquisition, and (iv) $110 million representing primarily other asset purchase commitments and payments for deferred compensation plans.
the table above excludes amounts related to our defined benefit pension plans. as of december 31, 2019, the projected benefit obligation for our defined benefit pension plans was $225 million, and the fair value of the related plan assets was $83 million. total expected contributions to our pension plans, including amounts that we expect to pay in benefits directly to participants, are $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. benefit payments for our funded plans will be made from plan assets, whereas benefit payments for our unfunded plans are made from cash flows from operating activities. see note 14, "employee benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to our pension plans, including information related to expected benefit payments for the next 10 years and the plan assets available to satisfy those benefit payments.
