item 1a.     risk factors.
you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock.
our business, including our results of operations and reputation, could be adversely affected by safety or product liability issues.
failure to appropriately manage safety, human health, product liability and environmental risks associated with our products, product life cycles and production processes could adversely impact employees, communities, stakeholders, our reputation and our results of operations. public perception of the risks associated with our products and production processes could impact product acceptance and influence the regulatory environment in which we operate. while we have procedures and controls to manage safety risks, issues could be created by events outside of our control, including natural disasters, severe weather events and acts of sabotage.
the cyclicality and volatility of the industries in which we participate may cause significant fluctuations in our operating results.
our business operations are subject to the cyclical and volatile nature of the supply-demand balance in the chemical and refining industries. our future operating results are expected to continue to be affected by this cyclicality and volatility. the chemical and refining industries historically have experienced alternating periods of capacity shortages, causing prices and profit margins to increase, followed by periods of excess capacity, resulting in oversupply, declining capacity utilization rates and declining prices and profit margins.
in addition to changes in the supply and demand for products, changes in energy prices and other worldwide economic conditions can cause volatility. these factors result in significant fluctuations in profits and cash flow from period to period and over business cycles.
new capacity additions in asia, the middle east and north america may lead to periods of oversupply and lower profitability. a sizable number of expansions have recently started up in north america. the timing and extent of any changes to currently prevailing market conditions are uncertain and supply and demand may be unbalanced at any time. as a consequence, we are unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of future industry cycles or their effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our operations are subject to risks inherent in chemical and refining businesses, and we could be subject to liabilities for which we are not fully insured or that are not otherwise mitigated.
we maintain property, business interruption, product, general liability, casualty and other types of insurance that we believe are appropriate for our business and operations as well as in line with industry practices. however, we are not fully insured against all potential hazards incident to our business, including losses resulting from natural disasters, wars or terrorist acts. changes in insurance market conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies to increase substantially and, in some instances, for certain insurance to become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. if we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, we might not be able to finance the amount of the uninsured liability on terms acceptable to us or at all, and might be obligated to divert a significant portion of our cash flow from normal business operations.
further, because a part of our business involves licensing polyolefin process technology, our licensees are exposed to similar risks involved in the manufacture and marketing of polyolefins. hazardous incidents involving our licensees, if they do result or are perceived to result from use of our technologies, may harm our reputation, threaten our relationships with other licensees and/or lead to customer attrition and financial losses. our policy of covering these risks through contractual limitations of liability and indemnities and through insurance may not always be effective. as a result, our financial condition and results of operation would be adversely affected, and other companies with competing technologies may have the opportunity to secure a competitive advantage.
a sustained decrease in the price of crude oil may adversely impact the results of our operations, primarily in north america.
energy costs generally follow price trends of crude oil and natural gas. these price trends may be highly volatile and cyclical. in the past, raw material and energy costs have experienced significant fluctuations that adversely affected our business segments' results of operations. for example, we have benefited from the favorable ratio of u.s. crude oil prices to natural gas prices in recent years. if the price of crude oil remains lower relative to u.s. natural gas prices or if the demand for natural gas and ngls increases, this may have a negative impact on our results of operations.
costs and limitations on supply of raw materials and energy may result in increased operating expenses.
the costs of raw materials and energy represent a substantial portion of our operating expenses. due to the significant competition we face and the commodity nature of many of our products we are not always able to pass on raw material and energy cost increases to our customers. when we do have the ability to pass on the cost increases, we are not always able to do so quickly enough to avoid adverse impacts on our results of operations.
cost increases for raw materials also may increase working capital needs, which could reduce our liquidity and cash flow. even if we increase our sales prices to reflect rising raw material and energy costs, demand for products may decrease as customers reduce their consumption or use substitute products, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, producers in natural gas cost-advantaged regions, such as the middle east and north america, benefit from the lower prices of natural gas and ngls. competition from producers in these regions may cause us to reduce exports from europe and elsewhere. any such reductions may increase competition for product sales within europe and other markets, which can result in lower margins in those regions.
for some of our raw materials and utilities there are a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, the supplies are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. it is also common in the chemical and refining industries for a facility to have a sole, dedicated source for its utilities, such as steam, electricity and gas. having a sole or limited number of suppliers may limit our negotiating power, particularly in the case of rising raw material costs. any new supply agreements we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current supply agreements.
additionally, there is growing concern over the reliability of water sources, including around the texas gulf coast where several of our facilities are located. the decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of population growth, drought or regulation could negatively impact our operations, including by impacting our ability to produce or transport our products.
if our raw material or utility supplies were disrupted, our businesses may incur increased costs to procure alternative supplies or incur excessive downtime, which would have a negative impact on plant operations. disruptions of supplies may occur as a result of transportation issues resulting from natural disasters, water levels, and interruptions in marine water routes, among other causes, that can affect the operations of vessels, barges, rails, trucks and pipeline traffic. these risks are particularly prevalent in the u.s. gulf coast area. additionally, increasing exports of ngls and crude oil from the u.s. or greater restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could restrict the availability of our raw materials, thereby increasing our costs.
with increased volatility in raw material costs, our suppliers could impose more onerous terms on us, resulting in shorter payment cycles and increasing our working capital requirements.
our ability to source raw materials may be adversely affected by political instability, civil disturbances or other governmental actions.
we obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from sources in the middle east and central and south america that may be less politically stable than other areas in which we conduct business, such as the u.s. or europe. political instability, civil disturbances and actions by governments in these areas are more likely to substantially increase the price and decrease the supply of raw materials necessary for our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
increased incidents of civil unrest, including terrorist attacks and demonstrations that have been marked by violence, have occurred in a number of countries in the middle east and south america. some political regimes in these countries are threatened or have changed as a result of such unrest. political instability and civil unrest could continue to spread in the region and involve other areas. such unrest, if it continues to spread or grow in intensity, could lead to civil wars, regional conflicts or regime changes resulting in governments that are hostile to countries in which we conduct substantial business, such as in the u.s., europe or their respective trading partners.
economic disruptions and downturns in general, and particularly continued global economic uncertainty or economic turmoil in emerging markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
our results of operations can be materially affected by adverse conditions in the financial markets and depressed economic conditions generally. economic downturns in the businesses and geographic areas in which we sell our products could substantially reduce demand for our products and result in decreased sales volumes and increased credit risk. recessionary environments adversely affect our business because demand for our products is reduced, particularly from our customers in industrial markets generally and the automotive and housing industries specifically, and may result in higher costs of capital. a significant portion of our revenues and earnings are derived from our business in europe, including southern europe. in addition, most of our european transactions and assets, including cash reserves and receivables, are denominated in euros.
we also derive significant revenues from our business in emerging markets, particularly the emerging markets in asia and south america. any broad-based downturn in these emerging markets, or in a key market such as china, could require us to reduce export volumes into these markets and could also require us to divert product sales to less profitable markets. any of these conditions could ultimately harm our overall business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
we sell products in highly competitive global markets and face significant price pressures.
we sell our products in highly competitive global markets. due to the commodity nature of many of our products, competition in these markets is based primarily on price and, to a lesser extent, on product performance, product quality, product deliverability, reliability of supply and customer service. often, we are not able to protect our market position for these products by product differentiation and may not be able to pass on cost increases to our customers due to the significant competition in our business.
in addition, we face increased competition from companies that may have greater financial resources and different cost structures or strategic goals than us. these include large integrated oil companies (some of which also have chemical businesses), government-owned businesses, and companies that receive subsidies or other government incentives to produce certain products in a specified geographic region. continuing competition from these companies, especially in our olefin and refining businesses, could limit our ability to increase product sales prices in response to raw material and other cost increases, or could cause us to reduce product sales prices to compete effectively, which would reduce our profitability. competitors with different cost structures or strategic goals than we have may be able to invest significant capital into their businesses, including expenditures for research and development. in addition, specialty products we produce may become commoditized over time. increased competition could result in lower prices or lower sales volumes, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations.
interruptions of operations at our facilities may result in increased liabilities or lower operating results.
we own and operate large-scale facilities. our operating results are dependent on the continued operation of our various production facilities and the ability to complete construction and maintenance projects on schedule. interruptions at our facilities may materially reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, or our business as a whole, during and after the period of such operational difficulties. in the past, we have had to shut down plants on the u.s. gulf coast, including the temporary shutdown of a portion of our houston refinery, as a result of hurricanes striking the texas coast. in addition, because the houston refinery is our only refining operation, an outage at the refinery could have a particularly negative impact on our operating results as we do not have the ability to increase refining production elsewhere.
although we take precautions to enhance the safety of our operations and minimize the risk of disruptions, our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemical manufacturing and refining and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes. these potential hazards include:
•   pipeline leaks and ruptures;
•   explosions;
•   fires;
•   severe weather and natural disasters;
•   mechanical failure;
•   unscheduled downtimes;
•   supplier disruptions;
•   labor shortages or other labor difficulties;
•   transportation interruptions;
•   remediation complications;
•   increased restrictions on, or the unavailability of, water for use at our manufacturing sites or for the transport of our products or raw materials;
•   chemical and oil spills;
•   discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases;
•   shipment of incorrect or off-specification product to customers;
•   storage tank leaks;
•   other environmental risks; and
•   terrorist acts.
some of these hazards may cause severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment or personal injury and loss of life and may result in suspension of operations or the shutdown of affected facilities.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. if we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to contract with our customers and supply certain products we produce. such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•   denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits; unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor;
•   disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials;
•   adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers;
•   shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; and
•   nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors.
any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. if we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
increased it security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, facilities and services.
increased global information security threats and more sophisticated, targeted computer crime pose a risk to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data, operations and infrastructure. while we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including security measures, employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our employees, systems, networks, products, facilities and services remain potentially vulnerable to sophisticated espionage or cyber-assault. depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations.
we operate internationally and are subject to exchange rate fluctuations, exchange controls, political risks and other risks relating to international operations.
we operate internationally and are subject to the risks of doing business on a global level. these risks include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and the imposition of trade restrictions or duties and tariffs, and increasingly complex regulations concerning privacy and data security. additional risks from our multinational business include transportation delays and interruptions, war, terrorist activities, epidemics, pandemics, political instability, import and export controls, sanctions, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments.
we generate revenues from export sales and operations that may be denominated in currencies other than the relevant functional currency. exchange rates between these currencies and functional currencies in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. it is possible that fluctuations in exchange rates will result in reduced operating results. additionally, we operate with the objective of having our worldwide cash available in the locations where it is needed, including the united kingdom for our parent company's significant cash obligations as a result of dividend and interest payments. it is possible that we may not always be able to provide cash to other jurisdictions when needed or that such transfers of cash could be subject to additional taxes, including withholding taxes.
our operating results could be negatively affected by the laws, rules and regulations, as well as political environments, in the jurisdictions in which we operate. there could be reduced demand for our products, decreases in the prices at which we can sell our products and disruptions of production or other operations. trade protection measures such as quotas, duties, tariffs, safeguard measures or anti-dumping duties imposed in the countries in which we operate could negatively impact our business. additionally, there may be substantial capital and other costs to comply with regulations and/or increased security costs or insurance premiums, any of which could reduce our operating results.
we obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from international sources that are subject to these same risks. our compliance with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject could be challenged. furthermore, these laws may be modified, the result of which may be to prevent or limit subsidiaries from transferring cash to us.
furthermore, we are subject to certain existing, and may be subject to possible future, laws that limit or may limit our activities while some of our competitors may not be subject to such laws, which may adversely affect our competitiveness.
changes in tax laws and regulations could affect our tax rate and our results of operations.
we are a tax resident in the united kingdom and are subject to the united kingdom corporate income tax system. lyondellbasell industries n.v. has little or no taxable income of its own because, as a holding company, it does not conduct any operations. through our subsidiaries, we have substantial operations world-wide. taxes are primarily paid on the earnings generated in various jurisdictions, including the u.s., the netherlands, germany, france and italy.
we closely monitor tax law changes and the potential impact to our results of operations. there continues to be increased attention to the tax practices of multinational companies, including certain provisions of h.r.1, also known as the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), the european union's state aid investigations, proposals by the organization for economic cooperation and development with respect to base erosion and profit shifting, and european union tax directives and their implementation. management does not believe that recent changes in income tax laws will have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, although new or proposed changes to tax laws could affect our tax liabilities in the future.
many of our businesses depend on our intellectual property. our future success will depend in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, and our inability to do so could reduce our ability to maintain our competitiveness and margins.
we have a significant worldwide patent portfolio of issued and pending patents. these patents and patent applications, together with proprietary technical know-how, are significant to our competitive position, particularly with regard to po, intermediate chemicals, polyolefins, licensing and catalysts. we rely on the patent, copyright and trade secret laws of the countries in which we operate to protect our investment in research and development, manufacturing and marketing. we operate plants, sell catalysts and products, participate in joint ventures, and license our process technology in many foreign jurisdictions, including those having heightened risks for intellectual property. in some of these instances, we must disclose at least a portion of our technology to third parties or regulatory bodies. in these cases, we rely primarily on contracts and trade secret laws to protect the associated trade secrets. however, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without authorization. proceedings to protect these rights could be costly, and we may not prevail.
the failure of our patents or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, apparatuses, technology, trade secrets or proprietary know-how could result in significantly lower revenues, reduced profit margins and cash flows and/or loss of market share. we also may be subject to claims that our technology, patents or other intellectual property infringes on a third party's intellectual property rights. unfavorable resolution of these claims could result in restrictions on our ability to deliver the related service or in a settlement that could be material to us.
shared control or lack of control of joint ventures may delay decisions or actions regarding our joint ventures.
a portion of our operations are conducted through joint ventures, where control may be exercised by or shared with unaffiliated third parties. we cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners, including any nonperformance, default or bankruptcy of joint venture partners. the joint ventures that we do not control may also lack financial reporting systems to provide adequate and timely information for our reporting purposes.
our joint venture partners may have different interests or goals than we do and may take actions contrary to our requests, policies or objectives. differences in views among the joint venture participants also may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major matters, potentially adversely affecting the business and operations of the joint ventures and in turn our business and operations. we may develop a dispute with any of our partners over decisions affecting the venture that may result in litigation, arbitration or some other form of dispute resolution. if a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.
we cannot predict with certainty the extent of future costs under environmental, health and safety and other laws and regulations, and cannot guarantee they will not be material.
we may face liability arising out of the normal course of business, including alleged personal injury or property damage due to exposure to chemicals or other hazardous substances at our current or former facilities or chemicals that we manufacture, handle or own. in addition, because our products are components of a variety of other end-use products, we, along with other members of the chemical industry, are subject to potential claims related to those end-use products. any substantial increase in the success of these types of claims could negatively affect our operating results.
we are subject to extensive national, regional, state and local environmental laws, regulations, directives, rules and ordinances concerning:
•   emissions to the air;
•   discharges onto land or surface waters or into groundwater; and
•   the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials.
many of these laws and regulations provide for substantial fines and potential criminal sanctions for violations. some of these laws and regulations are subject to varying and conflicting interpretations. in addition, some of these laws and regulations require us to meet specific financial responsibility requirements. any substantial liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
although we have compliance programs and other processes intended to ensure compliance with all such regulations, we are subject to the risk that our compliance with such regulations could be challenged. non-compliance with certain of these regulations could result in the incurrence of additional costs, penalties or assessments that could be material.
our industry is subject to extensive government regulation, and existing, or future regulations may restrict our operations, increase our costs of operations or require us to make additional capital expenditures.
compliance with regulatory requirements will result in higher operating costs, such as regulatory requirements relating to emissions, the security of our facilities, and the transportation, export or registration of our products. we generally expect that regulatory controls worldwide will become increasingly more demanding, but cannot accurately predict future developments.
increasingly strict environmental laws and inspection and enforcement policies, could affect the handling, manufacture, use, emission or disposal of products, other materials or hazardous and non-hazardous waste. stricter environmental, safety and health laws, regulations and enforcement policies could result in increased operating costs or capital expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. additionally, we are required to have permits for our businesses and are subject to licensing regulations. these permits and licenses are subject to renewal, modification and in some circumstances, revocation. further, the permits and licenses are often difficult, time consuming and costly to obtain and could contain conditions that limit our operations.
we may incur substantial costs to comply with climate change legislation and related regulatory initiatives.
there has been a broad range of proposed or promulgated international, national and state laws focusing on greenhouse gas ("ghg") reduction. these proposed or promulgated laws apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. laws and regulations in this field continue to evolve and, while they are likely to be increasingly widespread and stringent, at this stage it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation. under the 2015 paris agreement, parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change agreed to undertake ambitious efforts to reduce ghg emissions and strengthen adaptation to the effects of climate change. while the u.s. notified the united nations in august 2017 that it will be withdrawing from the agreement, other regions in which we operate, including in particular the european union, are preparing national legislation and protection plans to implement their emission reduction commitments under the agreement. furthermore, the european union is considering accelerating its own commitments and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. these actions could result in increased cost of purchased energy and increased costs of compliance for impacted locations.
within the framework of the eu emissions trading scheme ("ets"), we were allocated certain allowances of carbon dioxide for the affected plants of our european sites for the period from 2008 to 2012 ("ets ii period"). the ets ii period did not bring additional cost to us as the allowance allocation was sufficient to cover the actual emissions of the affected plants. we were able to build an allowance surplus during the ets ii period which was banked to the scheme for the period from 2013 to 2020 ("ets iii period"). we have incurred additional costs for the ets iii period, despite the allowance surplus accrued over the ets ii period, as allowance allocations were reduced for the ets iii period and more of our plants are affected by the scheme. we expect to incur additional costs in relation to future carbon or ghg emission trading schemes.
in the u.s., the epa has promulgated federal ghg regulations under the clean air act affecting certain sources. the epa has issued mandatory ghg reporting requirements, requirements to obtain ghg permits for certain industrial plants and ghg performance standards for some facilities. although the epa recently proposed to repeal and replace certain ghg requirements, additional ghg regulation may be forthcoming at the u.s. federal or state level that could result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.
compliance with these or other changes in laws, regulations and obligations that create a ghg emissions trading scheme or ghg reduction policies generally could significantly increase our costs or reduce demand for products we produce. additionally, compliance with these regulations may result in increased permitting necessary for the operation of our business or for any of our growth plans. difficulties in obtaining such permits could have an adverse effect on our future growth. therefore, any future potential regulations and legislation could result in increased compliance costs, additional operating restrictions or delays in implementing growth projects or other capital investments, and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, climate changes, such as drought conditions or increased frequency and severity of hurricanes and floods, could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations.
we may be required to record material charges against our earnings due to any number of events that could cause impairments to our assets.
we may be required to reduce production or idle facilities for extended periods of time or exit certain businesses as a result of the cyclical nature of our industry. specifically, oversupplies of or lack of demand for particular products or high raw material prices may cause us to reduce production. we may choose to reduce production at certain facilities because we have off-take arrangements at other facilities, which make any reductions or idling unavailable at those facilities. any decision to permanently close facilities or exit a business likely would result in impairment and other charges to earnings.
temporary outages at our facilities can last for several quarters and sometimes longer. these outages could cause us to incur significant costs, including the expenses of maintaining and restarting these facilities. in addition, even though we may reduce production at facilities, we may be required to continue to purchase or pay for utilities or raw materials under take-or-pay supply agreements.
increased regulation or deselection of plastic could lead to a decrease in demand growth for some of our products.
in 2018, the european union adopted a strategy for plastics in a circular economy that aims to increase significantly the recycling of plastic and target the plastic products most often found on beaches and in seas. in addition, local and other governments have increasingly proposed or implemented bans on plastic items such as disposable bags and straws, as well as other food packaging. additionally, plastics have recently faced increased public backlash and scrutiny. increased regulation of, or prohibition on, the use of plastics could increase the costs incurred by our customers to use such products or otherwise limit the use of these products, and could lead to a decrease in demand for pe, pp, and other products we make. such a decrease in demand could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
our business is capital intensive and we rely on cash generated from operations and external financing to fund our growth and ongoing capital needs. limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect our operating results.
we require significant capital to operate our current business and fund our growth strategy. moreover, interest payments, dividends and the expansion of our business or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. we believe that our cash from operations currently will be sufficient to meet these needs. however, if we need external financing, our access to credit markets and pricing of our capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies and the state of the capital markets generally. there can be no assurances that we would be able to incur indebtedness on terms we deem acceptable, and it is possible that the cost of any financings could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or raise adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, we could be forced to restrict our operations and growth opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating results.
we may use our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which backs our commercial paper program, to meet our cash needs, to the extent available. as of december 31, 2019, we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under the facility and $262 million, net of discount, outstanding under our commercial paper program, leaving an unused and available credit capacity of $2,229 million. we may also meet our cash needs by selling receivables under our $900 million u.s. receivables facility. as of december 31, 2019, subject to a borrowing base of eligible receivables, we had availability of $690 million under this facility. in the event of a default under our credit facility or any of our senior notes, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. any default under any of our credit arrangements could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate.
legislation and regulatory initiatives could lead to a decrease in demand for our products.
new or revised governmental regulations and independent studies relating to the effect of our products on health, safety and the environment may affect demand for our products and the cost of producing our products. initiatives by governments and private interest groups will potentially require increased toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. for example, in the united states, the national toxicology program ("ntp") is a federal interagency program that seeks to identify and select for study chemicals and other substances to evaluate potential human health hazards. in the european union, the regulation on registration, evaluation, authorisation and restriction of chemicals ("reach") is regulation designed to identify the intrinsic properties of chemical substances, assess hazards and risks of the substances, and identify and implement the risk management measures to protect humans and the environment.
assessments under ntp, reach or similar programs or regulations in other jurisdictions may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals we use or produce and may result in additional requirements being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of those chemicals. such concerns and additional requirements could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. such a decrease in demand could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
adverse results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect us.
we are subject to and may in the future be subject to a variety of legal proceedings and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business. results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. irrespective of its merits, litigation may be both lengthy and disruptive to our operations and may cause significant expenditure and diversion of management attention. we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations should we fail to prevail in certain matters.
significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may adversely affect the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans, and our pension cost.
our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rates used to measure pension obligations, the level of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets may result in corresponding increases and decreases in the value of plan assets, particularly equity securities, or in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets. any changes in key actuarial assumptions, such as the discount rate or mortality rate, would impact the valuation of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years.
nearly all of our current pension plans have projected benefit obligations that exceed the fair value of the plan assets. as of december 31, 2019, the aggregate deficit was $1,287 million. any declines in the fair values of the pension plans' assets could require additional payments by us in order to maintain specified funding levels.
our pension plans are subject to legislative and regulatory requirements of applicable jurisdictions, which could include, under certain circumstances, local governmental authority to terminate the plan.
integration of acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price.
we have made and may continue to make acquisitions in order to enhance our business. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including meeting our standards for compliance, problems combining the purchased operations, technologies or products, unanticipated costs and liabilities, diversion of management's attention from our core businesses, and potential loss of key employees.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate successfully any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire. the integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues, synergies, or other benefits associated with our acquisitions if we do not manage and operate the acquired business up to our expectations. if we are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization utilizing common information and communication systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human resources practices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general this discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our consolidated financial statements, and the accompanying notes elsewhere in this report. unless otherwise indicated, the "company," "we," "us," "our" or similar words are used to refer to lyondellbasell industries n.v. together with its consolidated subsidiaries ("lyondellbasell n.v.").
the discussion summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition for the year ended december 31, 2017, can be found in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 21, 2019 , of which item 7 is incorporated herein by reference.
overview during 2019 lyondellbasell continued to exhibit strong cash generation and remained committed to our disciplined capital allocation strategy. over each of the past six years, we have consistently delivered $5 billion to $6 billion in cash from operating activities. we affirmed our commitment to a strong and progressive dividend during 2019 by increasing our quarterly dividend for the eleventh time and returning a total of $5.2 billion in dividends and share repurchases to shareholders. our businesses benefited from abundant and low-cost natural gas liquid feedstocks throughout the year, and we demonstrated our capability to derive value from mergers and acquisitions through the integration of the a. schulman acquisition.
during the fourth quarter, margins within most of our businesses were impacted by slow industrial demand and typical seasonality. refining margins improved on a higher maya 2-1-1 crack spread and relatively strong prices for naphtha and coke. our technology segment achieved record licensing revenues, contributing to the most profitable year in the company's history for the segment.
in 2019, we developed opportunities to expand into new markets by leveraging our technologies to strengthen our position in asia. in june, we announced new polypropylene capacity through our thailand joint venture, hmc polymers. in september, we signed a joint venture memorandum of understanding ("mou") with liaoning bora enterprise group to build an integrated cracker and polyolefins project expanding our footprint in the rapidly growing chinese market. recently, we announced our intention to expand our existing partnership with sinopec to build a second propylene oxide and styrene monomer plant in china utilizing our advantaged technology.
significant items that affected results in 2019 relative to 2018 include:
•   lower olefins and polyolefins-americas ("o&amp;p-americas") segment results due to a decline in polyethylene margins while olefins margins improved;
•   olefins and polyolefins-europe, asia, international ("o&amp;p-eai") segment results decreased due to unfavorable foreign exchange impacts and lower income from equity investments;
•   intermediates and derivatives ("i&amp;d") segment results declined due to margin and volume decreases primarily driven by intermediate chemicals;
•   higher advanced polymer solutions ("aps") segment results primarily due to the contribution of results from a. schulman product lines;
•   lower refining segment results due to a decline in margins; and
•   higher technology segment results due to increased licensing revenue.
other noteworthy items in 2019 include the following:
•   redeemed $1,000 million of our 5% senior notes due 2019;
•   executed a three-year, $4,000 million senior unsecured delayed draw term loan credit facility, of which $1,950 million was outstanding as of december 31, 2019;
•   issued €1,000 million of long-term guaranteed notes used to refinance $1,000 million of long-term debt and repay a portion of our outstanding short-term debt;
•   issued $1,000 million of long-term guaranteed notes used to repay our indebtedness outstanding under our term loan due 2020;
•   repurchased $3.8 billion of shares, primarily through the completion of a tender offer;
•   increased quarterly dividend from $1.00 per share to $1.05 per share in the second quarter;
•   commenced commissioning of our hyperzone high density polyethylene plant; and
•   continued construction of our new po/tba plant at our channelview, texas facility, which is on track to be completed in late 2021.
results of operations for the periods discussed are presented in the table below.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                            2019                    2018
sales and other operating revenues                    $34,727                 $39,004
cost of sales                                          29,301                  32,529
selling, general and administrative expenses            1,199                   1,129
research and development expenses                         111                     115
operating income                                        4,116                   5,231
interest expense                                         (347     )              (360     )
interest income                                            19                      45
other income, net                                          39                     106
income from equity investments                            225                     289
provision for income taxes                                648                     613
income from continuing operations                       3,404                   4,698
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax              (7     )                (8     )
net income                                             $3,397                  $4,690
results of operations revenues-revenues decreased $4,277 million, or 11%, in 2019 compared to 2018. average sales prices were lower for most of our products as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which decreased relative to 2018. these lower prices led to a revenue decrease of 10% in 2019. lower sales volumes resulted in a revenue decrease of 2% relative to 2018. unfavorable foreign exchange impacts in 2019 resulted in a revenue decrease of 2% relative to the prior period. these decreases were partially offset by the acquired operations of a. schulman, which contributed an additional 3%, or $1,304 million, of revenues in 2019 compared to 2018.
cost of sales-cost of sales decreased $3,228 million, or 10%, in 2019 compared to 2018. this decrease in cost of sales is primarily due to lower feedstock and energy costs. costs for crude oil, heavy liquid feedstocks and natural gas liquids ("ngls") and other feedstocks were lower in 2019 relative to 2018. this decrease corresponds with the decrease in revenues as discussed above.
fluctuations in our cost of sales are generally driven by changes in feedstock and energy costs. feedstock and energy related costs generally represent approximately 75% to 80% of cost of sales, other variable costs account for approximately 10% of cost of sales on an annual basis and fixed operating costs, consisting primarily of expenses associated with employee compensation, depreciation and amortization, and maintenance, range from approximately 10% to 15% in each annual period.
in 2019, our o&p-americas segment and aps segment recognized lower of cost or market ("lcm") inventory valuation charges of $25 million and $8 million, respectively, primarily due to a decline in domestic polyethylene prices. cost of sales also includes $23 million related to a. schulman integration costs incurred during 2019.
depreciation and amortization increased $71 million, or 6%, in 2019 compared to 2018. this increase is primarily due to the addition of a. schulman assets acquired in august 2018. in 2020, we estimate depreciation and amortization charges will increase approximately 15% due to the completion of various capital projects, including our hyperzone project.
sg&a expense-selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased $70 million in 2019 compared to 2018. higher sg&a costs related to operating the a. schulman assets acquired in august 2018 for a full year which resulted in a $115 million, or 10%, increase. additionally, integration costs increased by $20 million compared to 2018. these increased costs were partially offset by a 5% decline in evaluation and pre-project planning costs of certain growth projects and a 2% decline in employee-related expenses, relative to 2018.
operating income-operating income decreased $1,115 million in 2019 compared to 2018. operating income for our o&p-americas, i&d, refining, aps and o&p-eai segments declined by $474 million, $467 million, $212 million, $39 million and $9 million, respectively, relative to 2018. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in operating income in our technology segment of $90 million. operating results for each of our business segments are reviewed further in the "segment analysis" section below.
other income, net-other income, net decreased $67 million in 2019 compared to 2018, which included a $36 million gain on the sale of our carbon black subsidiary in france. in addition, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and pension and other postretirement benefits decreased other income by $15 million and $13 million, respectively, relative to 2018.
income from equity investments-our income from equity investments decreased $64 million in 2019 primarily due to reduced polyolefin spreads for our joint ventures in our o&p-eai segment.
income taxes-our effective income tax rates of 16.0% in 2019 and 11.5% in 2018 resulted in tax provisions of $648 million and $613 million, respectively.
we monitor tax law changes and the potential impact to our results of operations. there continues to be increased attention to the tax practices of multinational companies, including certain provisions of h.r.1, also known as the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), the european union's state aid investigations, proposals by the organization for economic cooperation and development with respect to base erosion and profit shifting, and european union tax directives and their implementation. management does not believe that recent changes in income tax laws, other than those disclosed and reflected in our financial statements, will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, although new or proposed changes to tax laws could affect our tax liabilities in the future.
our effective income tax rate fluctuates based on, among other factors, changes in pre-tax income in countries with varying statutory tax rates, the u.s. domestic production activity deduction that applied to periods prior to 2018, changes in valuation allowances, changes in foreign exchange gains/losses, the amount of exempt income and changes in unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions.
our exempt income primarily includes interest income, export incentives, and equity earnings of our joint ventures. interest income earned by certain of our european subsidiaries through intercompany financings is either untaxed or taxed at rates substantially lower than the u.s. statutory rate. export incentives relate to tax benefits derived from elections and structures available for u.s. exports. equity earnings attributable to the earnings of our joint ventures, when paid through dividends to certain european subsidiaries, are exempt from all or portions of normal statutory income tax rates. we currently anticipate the favorable treatment for interest income, dividends, and export incentives to continue in the near term; however, this treatment is based on current law and tax rulings, which could change, including changes with respect to proposed treasury regulations under the tax act if finalized. foreign exchange gains/losses have a permanent impact on our effective income tax rate that can cause unpredictable movement in our effective income tax rate. we continue to maintain valuation allowances in various jurisdictions totaling $85 million as of 2019, which could impact our effective income tax rate in the future. we believe our effective income tax rate for 2020 will be approximately 20%.
the 2019 effective income tax rate of 16.0%, which was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate of 21%, was favorably impacted by exempt income (-4.5%), a tax benefit related to a patent box ruling (-1.6%), a loss on the liquidation of an entity (-1.3%), and changes in unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions (-1.0%). these favorable items were partially offset by the effects of earnings in various countries, notably in europe, with higher statutory tax rates (1.6%) and u.s. state and local income taxes (0.7%).
during 2019, we recognized a $113 million non-cash benefit to our effective tax rate primarily as a result of the expiration of certain statutes of limitations. this amount consists of the recognition of $100 million of previously unrecognized tax benefits and the release of $13 million of previously accrued interest.
the 2018 effective income tax rate of 11.5%, which was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate of 21%, was favorably impacted by changes in unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions (-6.0%) and exempt income (-5.6%). these favorable items were partially offset by the effects of earnings in various countries, notably in europe, with higher statutory tax rates (1.7%) and u.s. state and local income taxes (1.0%).
during 2018, we entered into various audit settlements impacting specific uncertain tax positions. these audit settlements resulted in a $358 million non-cash benefit to our effective tax rate consisting of the recognition of $299 million of previously unrecognized tax benefits as a reduction for tax positions of prior years and the release of $59 million of previously accrued interest.
comprehensive income we had comprehensive income of $2,976 million in 2019 and $4,682 million in 2018. comprehensive income decreased by $1,706 million in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to lower net income, net unfavorable changes in defined pension and other postretirement benefits, and net unfavorable impacts of financial derivative instruments primarily driven by periodic changes in benchmark interest rates. these decreases were partially offset by net less unfavorable impacts of unrealized changes in foreign currency translation adjustments.
the predominant functional currency for our operations outside of the u.s. is the euro. relative to the u.s. dollar, the value of the euro decreased during 2019 resulting in net losses as reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. these net losses include pre-tax gains of $26 million in 2019, which represent the effective portion of our net investment hedges.
in 2019, the cumulative after-tax effect of our derivatives designated as cash flow hedges was a net loss of $132 million. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro in 2019 and periodic changes in benchmark interest rates resulted in a pre-tax gain of $109 million related to our cross-currency swaps. a $40 million pre-tax loss related to our cross-currency swaps was reclassified to other income, net in 2019. in 2019, a pre-tax loss of $223 million related to forward-starting interest rate swaps was driven by changes in benchmark interest rates. the remaining change relates to our commodity cash flow hedges.
we recognized defined benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit plans pre-tax losses of $361 million in 2019 and pre-tax gains of $41 million in 2018, primarily due to the fluctuations in the discount rate assumption used in determining the net benefit liabilities for our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding net actuarial losses.
39
segment analysis we use earnings before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") as our measure of profitability for segment reporting purposes. this measure of segment operating results is used by our chief operating decision maker to assess the performance of and allocate resources to our operating segments. intersegment eliminations and items that are not directly related or allocated to business operations, such as foreign exchange gains (losses) and components of pension and other postretirement benefit costs other than service cost, are included in "other." for additional information related to our operating segments, as well as a reconciliation of ebitda to its nearest generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") measure, income from continuing operations before income taxes, see note 22 to our consolidated financial statements.
our continuing operations are managed through six reportable segments: o&p-americas, o&p-eai, i&d, aps, refining and technology. results for our aps segment incorporates the businesses acquired from a. schulman beginning august 21, 2018. the following tables reflect selected financial information for our reportable segments.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                    2019                    2018
sales and other operating revenues:
o&amp;p-americas                               $8,435                 $10,408
o&amp;p-eai                                     9,504                  10,838
i&amp;d                                         7,834                   9,588
aps                                             4,850                   4,024
refining                                        8,251                   9,157
technology                                        663                     583
other, including segment eliminations          (4,810     )            (5,594     )
total                                         $34,727                 $39,004
operating income (loss):
o&amp;p-americas                               $1,777                  $2,251
o&amp;p-eai                                       673                     682
i&amp;d                                         1,249                   1,716
aps                                               290                     329
refining                                         (240     )               (28     )
technology                                        374                     284
other, including segment eliminations              (7     )                (3     )
total                                          $4,116                  $5,231
40
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                         2019                    2018
depreciation and amortization:
o&amp;p-americas                                      $470                    $442
o&amp;p-eai                                            208                     208
i&amp;d                                                295                     287
aps                                                    133                      69
refining                                               169                     192
technology                                              37                      43
total                                               $1,312                  $1,241
income from equity investments:
o&amp;p-americas                                       $46                     $58
o&amp;p-eai                                            172                     225
i&amp;d                                                  7                       6
total                                                 $225                    $289
other income, net:
o&amp;p-americas                                        $9                     $11
o&amp;p-eai                                              9                      48
i&amp;d                                                  6                       2
aps refining                                                 6                       3
technology                                               -                       1
other, including intersegment eliminations               8                      39
total                                                  $39                    $106
ebitda:
o&amp;p-americas                                    $2,302                  $2,762
o&amp;p-eai                                          1,062                   1,163
i&amp;d                                              1,557                   2,011
aps                                                    424                     400
refining                                               (65     )               167
technology                                             411                     328
other, including intersegment eliminations               1                      36
total                                               $5,692                  $6,867
olefins and polyolefins-americas segment overview-ebitda declined in 2019 relative to 2018 primarily due to lower polyethylene results, partially offset by improved olefin results.
in calculating the impact of margin and volume on ebitda, consistent with industry practice, management offsets revenues and volumes related to ethylene co-products against the cost to produce ethylene. volume and price impacts of ethylene co-products are reported in margin. ethylene is a major building block of olefins and polyolefins and as such, ethylene sales volumes and prices and our internal cost of ethylene production are included in management's assessment of the segment's performance.
41
ethylene raw materials-ethylene and its co-products are produced from two major raw material groups:
•   ngls, principally ethane and propane, the prices of which are generally affected by natural gas prices; and
•   crude oil-based liquids ("liquids" or "heavy liquids"), including naphtha, condensates and gas oils, the prices of which are generally related to crude oil prices.
although prices of these raw materials are generally related to crude oil and natural gas prices, during specific periods the relationships among these materials and benchmarks may vary significantly. we have significant flexibility to vary the raw material mix and process conditions in our u.s. olefins plants in order to maximize profitability as market prices for both feedstocks and products change.
strong supplies from the u.s. shale gas/oil boom resulted in ethane being a preferred feedstock in our u.s. plants in 2019. ethane remained the preferred u.s. feedstock for ethylene despite higher prices driven by increased demand from newly-constructed u.s. olefins units and supply constraints in the gulf coast ngl fractionation and pipeline systems. in 2019 and 2018, we produced approximately 80% of our ethylene from ethane.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the o&p-americas segment including income from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2019                    2018
sales and other operating revenues          $8,435                 $10,408
income from equity investments                  46                      58
ebitda                                       2,302                   2,762
revenues-revenues decreased by $1,973 million, or 19%, in 2019 compared to 2018. average olefins and polyethylene sales prices were lower in 2019 compared to 2018 due to increased market supply stemming from new industry capacity additions and, to a lesser extent, a lower oil price environment. polypropylene sales prices decreased with declining propylene feedstock prices. these lower sales prices were responsible for a revenue decrease of 18% in 2019. lower sales volumes, driven mainly by planned downtime at our matagorda, texas and clinton, iowa facilities, accompanied by softer demand, also led to a revenue decrease of 1% in 2019.
ebitda-ebitda decreased by $460 million, or 17%, in 2019 compared to 2018. polyethylene results declined resulting in a 27% decrease in ebitda driven by a $261 per ton reduction in price spreads over ethylene as a result of increased market supply. an offsetting increase in olefin results increased ebitda by 8% as ethylene margins increased by approximately $75 per ton primarily due to lower feedstock costs partially offset by a lower propylene price. the segment recognized lcm charges of $25 million in 2019 primarily due to a decline in domestic polyethylene prices.
planned maintenance during the first and second quarters of 2020 is expected to reduce ebitda by approximately $25 million and $30 million, respectively. in addition, we expect additional capacity from our hyperzone polyethylene plant in 2020.
42
olefins and polyolefins-europe, asia, international segment overview-ebitda declined in 2019 compared to 2018 mainly as a result of lower combined polyolefin results, lower income from equity investments and unfavorable foreign exchange impacts, partially offset by higher olefin results.
in calculating the impact of margin and volume on ebitda, consistent with industry practice, management offsets revenues and volumes related to ethylene co-products against the cost to produce ethylene. volume and price impacts of ethylene co-products are reported in margin. ethylene is a major building block of our olefins and polyolefins and as such, ethylene sales volumes and prices and our internal cost of ethylene production are included in management's assessment of the segment's performance.
ethylene raw materials-in europe, heavy liquids are the primary raw materials for our ethylene production. in 2019 and 2018, we continued to benefit by sourcing advantaged ngls as market opportunities arose.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the o&p-eai segment including income from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                             2019                    2018
sales and other operating revenues      $9,504                 $10,838
income from equity investments             172                     225
ebitda                                   1,062                   1,163
revenues-revenues in 2019 decreased by $1,334 million, or 12%, compared to 2018. average sales prices in 2019 were lower across most products as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which on average, decreased compared to 2018. these lower average sales prices were responsible for revenue decreases of 10%. higher sales volumes in 2019 resulted in 2% higher revenue driven by an absence of planned maintenance compared to 2018. foreign exchange impacts, on average, were unfavorable and led to a revenue decrease of 4% in 2019.
ebitda-ebitda decreased by $101 million, or 9%, in 2019 compared to 2018. decreased polyethylene results led to a 5% decrease in ebitda largely due to a decline in margins attributed to lower price spreads over ethylene of $35 per ton. a decline in polypropylene results decreased ebitda by 4% as price spreads over propylene decreased $48 per ton. joint venture equity income decreased largely due to reduced polyolefin spreads resulting in a 5% decrease in ebitda. these decreases were partially offset by higher olefins results which led to a 5% increase of ebitda. this increase was primarily due to increased volumes driven by improved reliability with planned and unplanned maintenance impacting 2018 results. in addition, unfavorable foreign exchange impacts reduced ebitda by 5% in 2019.
fourth quarter 2019 results decreased $147 million, or 51%, versus the third quarter 2019. this change was primarily driven by a decline in olefin results as ethylene margins decreased due to higher feedstock costs and a lower propylene price.
planned maintenance during the third and fourth quarters of 2020 is expected to reduce ebitda by approximately $15 million in each of the two quarters.
43
intermediates and derivatives segment overview-ebitda for our i&d segment was lower in 2019 compared to 2018, largely driven by margin and volume decreases primarily in our intermediate chemicals business.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the i&d segment including income from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                             2019                    2018
sales and other operating revenues      $7,834                  $9,588
income from equity investments               7                       6
ebitda                                   1,557                   2,011
revenues-revenues for 2019 decreased by $1,754 million, or 18%, compared to 2018. lower average sales prices in 2019 for most products, which reflect the impacts of lower feedstock and energy costs, were responsible for a revenue decrease of 12% compared to 2018 which benefited from an elevated level of planned and unplanned industry outages. lower sales volumes resulted in a 4% decrease in revenues in 2019. foreign exchange impacts, on average, were unfavorable and led to a revenue decrease of 2%.
ebitda-ebitda decreased by $454 million, or 23%, in 2019 compared to 2018. decreased intermediate chemicals results led to an ebitda decrease of 25%. this decrease was a result of lower margins across most businesses, in particular styrene, as demand weakened in 2019. lower propylene oxide and derivatives results decreased ebitda by 5% largely due to lower volumes as demand declined. these declines in ebitda were partially offset by higher oxyfuels and related products results mainly due to improved margins driven by price improvements and low-cost butane, resulting in a 8% increase in ebitda. unfavorable foreign exchange impacts also reduced ebitda by an additional 2% in 2019.
in 2020, we have planned maintenance that is expected to reduce ebitda by approximately $10 million in each of the first and second quarters and $25 million in each of the third and fourth quarters.
advanced polymer solutions segment overview-ebitda for our aps segment increased in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to the contribution of ebitda stemming from the august 2018 acquisition of a. schulman, partly offset by integration costs and lower volumes across most products.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the aps segment:
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                             2019                    2018
sales and other operating revenues      $4,850                  $4,024
ebitda                                     424                     400
revenues-revenues increased in 2019 by $826 million, or 21%, compared to 2018. excluding the impacts of the august 2018 acquisition of a. schulman, sales volumes declined in 2019 stemming from lower market demand for advanced polymer products, including lower automotive and roofing demand, which led to a 7% decrease in revenue in 2019. lower average sales prices, as well as unfavorable foreign exchange impacts, each resulted in a 4% decrease in revenue. these declines were offset by $1,304 million of additional revenues in the aps segment due to a full year of operating the a. schulman assets in 2019 compared to a partial year in 2018 following the acquisition in august 2018.
44
ebitda-ebitda increased in 2019 by $24 million, or 6%, compared to 2018. compounding and solutions results improved resulting in a 27% increase of ebitda. this increase was largely due to an additional $108 million of ebitda contributed by the operations of a. schulman in 2019. advanced polymers results reduced ebitda by 9% largely due to lower volumes driven by reduced automotive and roofing demand. further, transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of a. schulman were $47 million higher in 2019 which reduced ebitda by 12% relative to 2018. unfavorable foreign exchange impacts also reduced ebitda by an additional 3% in 2019.
refining segment overview-ebitda for our refining segment decreased due to lower industry margins driven by a compressed maya differential, lower gasoline crack spreads and lower byproduct margins compared to 2018.
the following table sets forth selected financial information and heavy crude processing rates for the refining segment and the u.s. refining market margins for the applicable periods. light louisiana sweet "lls" is a light crude oil, while "maya" is a heavy crude oil.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                             2019                    2018
sales and other operating revenues      $8,251                  $9,157
ebitda                                     (65     )               167
thousands of barrels per day heavy crude oil processing rates           263                     231
market margins, dollars per barrel light crude oil-2-1-1                   $12.44                  $12.35
light crude oil-maya differential         5.14                    7.50
total maya 2-1-1                        $17.58                  $19.85
revenues-revenues decreased by $906 million, or 10%, in 2019 compared to 2018. lower product prices led to a revenue decrease of 7% relative to 2018, due to an average crude oil price decrease of approximately $6 per barrel in 2019. although heavy crude oil processing rates increased during 2019, overall sales volumes decreased, driven by reduced rates on conversion units, due to crude selection and the optimization of refinery operations. this reduction in conversion rates resulted in a further revenue decrease of 3% during 2019.
ebitda-ebitda decreased by $232 million, or 139%, in 2019 compared to 2018. lower refining margins resulted in a 200% decrease in ebitda relative to 2018. unusually low discounts for heavy sour crude oils on the u.s. gulf coast led to a lower light-to-heavy crude price differential and compression in the benchmark maya 2-1-1 market margin. this compression, combined with the houston refinery's configuration which limits the amount of light sweet crude that can be processed, created a challenging market for our refining segment. margins were further compressed by a negative byproduct impact largely driven by weakness in naphtha and refinery grade propylene. this margin-driven decrease in ebitda was partly offset by a 61% increase associated with the rise in heavy crude oil processing rates due to the completion of planned maintenance in 2018.
fourth quarter 2019 ebitda improved $106 million, or 126%, representing a significant improvement compared to the fourth quarter 2018, which experienced a loss of $84 million. margin improvements resulted in a 76% increase in ebitda as the maya 2-1-1 crack spread increased by $8.55 per barrel to $19.44 per barrel. heavy crude oil processing rates increased by 83 thousand barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2019 due to the completion of planned maintenance in the second half of 2018. this volume driven improvement resulted in a 50% increase in ebitda in the fourth quarter of 2019.
45
we anticipate improvements in our refining results in 2020 associated with the global adoption of international maritime organization ("imo") 2020.
technology segment overview-the technology segment recognizes revenues related to the sale of polyolefin catalysts and the licensing of chemical and polyolefin process technologies. these revenues are offset in part by the costs incurred in the production of catalysts, licensing and services activities and research and development ("r&d") activities. in 2019 and 2018, our technology segment incurred approximately 50% and 55%, respectively, of all r&d costs. ebitda for our technology segment improved in 2019 compared to 2018 largely due to higher licensing revenues.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the technology segment.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                             2019                    2018
sales and other operating revenues        $663                    $583
ebitda                                     411                     328
revenues-revenues increased by $80 million, or 14%, in 2019 compared to 2018. higher licensing revenues resulted in an increase of 18% in 2019 compared to 2018. increases in average catalyst sales prices resulted in revenue increases of 4% in 2019. lower catalyst sales volumes, driven by the timing of customer orders, resulted in a 3% decrease in revenue in 2019. foreign exchange impacts that, on average, were unfavorable led to a revenue decrease of 5%.
ebitda-ebitda in 2019 increased by $83 million, or 25%, compared to 2018. this increase was mainly driven by higher licensing revenues as several licensing agreements signed in 2018, primarily in china, were recognized in revenue during 2019.
financial condition operating, investing and financing activities of continuing operations, which are discussed below, are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                2019   2018
source (use) of cash:
operating activities       $4,961                  $5,471
investing activities       (1,635     )            (3,559     )
financing activities       (2,835     )            (3,008     )
operating activities-cash of $4,961 million generated by operating activities in 2019 reflected earnings adjusted for non-cash items, payments for employee bonuses, income taxes, and cash consumed by the main components of working capital-accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable. a $113 million non-cash reduction in unrecognized tax benefits is reflected in other operating activities in 2019. for additional information on this matter, see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2019, the main components of working capital consumed $13 million of cash driven by a decrease in accounts payable and an increase in inventories, partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable. the decrease in accounts payable was primarily driven by weaker demand in our aps segment and a decrease in certain raw material costs in our i&d segment. the increase in inventories was a result of inventory builds as a result of planned and unplanned maintenance in our o&p-eai segment. the decrease in accounts receivable was driven by decreases in our aps, i&d and o&p-americas segments as a result of unfavorable market conditions.
cash of $5,471 million generated by operating activities in 2018 reflected earnings adjusted for non-cash items and net cash provided by the main components of working capital. a $358 million non-cash reduction in unrecognized tax benefits is reflected in other operating activities in 2018. for additional information on this matter, see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2018, the main components of working capital provided $93 million of cash. lower accounts receivable due primarily to lower sales volumes in our o&p-americas, o&p-eai and i&d segments at year end and higher accounts payable due to higher feedstock prices were partially offset by an increase in inventories primarily due to the lower sales volumes at year end.
investing activities-we invest cash in investment-grade and other high-quality instruments that provide adequate flexibility to redeploy funds as needed to meet our cash flow requirements while maximizing yield.
we received proceeds of $511 million and $423 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively, upon the sale and maturity of certain of our available-for-sale debt securities. additionally, in 2019 and 2018, we received proceeds of $332 million and $97 million, respectively, on the sale of our investments in equity securities. in 2019, we received proceeds of $527 million upon the maturity of certain of our repurchase agreements.
in 2019 and 2018 we invested $108 million and $50 million, respectively, in debt securities that are deemed available-for-sale. we also invested $33 million and $64 million in equity securities in 2019 and 2018, respectively. our investments in available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities are classified as short-term investments.
upon expiration in 2018, we settled foreign currency contracts with notional values totaling €925 million which were designated as net investment hedges of our investments in foreign subsidiaries. payments to and proceeds from our counterparties resulted in a net cash inflow of $30 million.
in august 2018, we acquired a. schulman for $1,776 million, which is net of $81 million of cash acquired and a liability deemed as a component of the purchase price.
in october 2018, we received net cash proceeds of $37 million for the sale of our carbon black subsidiary in france.
capital expenditures-the following table summarizes capital expenditures for the periods presented:
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                                     2019                    2018
capital expenditures by segment:
o&amp;p-americas                                                $1,099                  $1,079
o&amp;p-eai                                                        213                     248
i&amp;d                                                          1,064                     409
aps                                                                 59                      62
refining                                                           149                     250
technology                                                          94                      48
other                                                               16                       9
consolidated capital expenditures of continuing operations      $2,694                  $2,105
in 2019 and 2018, our capital expenditures included construction related to our po/tba plant at our channelview, texas facility and our hyperzone polyethylene plant at our la porte, texas facility, turnaround activities at several sites and other plant improvement projects. the higher level of capital expenditures for our i&d segment in 2019 compared to 2018 is largely due to the construction of our po/tba plant.
in 2020, we expect to spend approximately $2.4 billion for capital expenditures and investment in our u.s. and european po joint ventures. the lower level of expected capital expenditures in 2020 relative to 2019 is primarily due to the reduction in spend related to our hyperzone polyethylene plant. we will complete construction of our hyperzone project in early 2020. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our u.s. and european po joint ventures.
financing activities-in 2019 and 2018, we made payments of $3,752 million and $1,854 million to acquire approximately 42.7 million and 19.2 million, respectively, of our outstanding ordinary shares. we also made dividend payments totaling $1,462 million and $1,554 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. for additional information related to our share repurchases and dividend payments, see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
in september 2018, we repaid the $375 million 6.875% senior notes due june 2023 assumed in the acquisition of a. schulman for a price of 105.156% of par.
in february 2019, lyb americas finance company llc ("lyb americas finance"), a wholly owned subsidiary of lyondellbasell n.v., entered into a 364-day, $2,000 million senior unsecured term loan credit agreement and borrowed the entire amount. the proceeds of this term loan, which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by lyondellbasell n.v. were used for general corporate purposes and to redeem the remaining $1,000 million outstanding of our 5% senior notes due 2019 at par.
in march 2019, lyb americas finance, a wholly owned subsidiary of lyondellbasell n.v., entered into a three-year $4,000 million senior unsecured delayed draw term loan credit facility that matures in march 2022 ("term loan due 2022"). proceeds under this credit agreement, which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by lyondellbasell n.v., were used for general corporate purposes. in july 2019, we borrowed $1,000 million under this facility along with $500 million from our u.s. receivables facility to partially fund the share repurchase price paid pursuant to a modified dutch auction tender offer ("tender offer"). in december 2019, we borrowed $1,950 million from our term loan due 2022 to repay amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program and $500 million outstanding under our u.s. receivables facility.
48
in september 2019, lyb international finance ii b.v. ("lyb finance ii"), a wholly owned finance subsidiary of lyondellbasell n.v., issued €500 million of 0.875% guaranteed notes due 2026 (the "2026 notes") at a discounted price of 99.642% and €500 million of 1.625% guaranteed notes due 2031 (the "2031 notes") at a discounted price of 98.924%. we used the net proceeds from the 2026 notes and the 2031 notes to repay $1,000 million outstanding under our term loan due 2022, and a portion of borrowings from our commercial paper program.
in october 2019, lyb international finance iii llc ("lyb finance iii"), a wholly owned finance subsidiary of lyondellbasell n.v., issued $1,000 million of 4.2% guaranteed notes due 2049 (the "2049 notes") at a discounted price of 98.488%. net proceeds from the sale of the notes of $974 million, along with commercial paper and operating cash, was used to repay $2,000 million of the indebtedness outstanding under our term loan due 2020.
through the issuance and repurchase of commercial paper instruments under our commercial paper program, we made net repayments of $549 million in 2019 and received net proceeds of $810 million in 2018.
additional information related to commercial paper and debt activity can be found in the liquidity and capital resources section below and in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
in february 2019, we purchased the non-controlling interest in our subsidiary that holds our la porte, texas methanol facility for $63 million.
in january 2020, we amended the terms of certain forward-starting interest rate swaps to extend their maturities. concurrently with the amendment of the swaps, we posted collateral of $238 million related to the liability position held with our counterparties as of the amendment date. for additional information see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources overview we plan to fund our ongoing working capital, capital expenditures, debt service and other funding requirements with cash from operations, which could be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. cash and cash equivalents, cash from our short-term investments, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt, or a combination thereof, may be used to fund the purchase of shares under our share repurchase authorization.
we intend to continue to declare and pay quarterly dividends, with the goal of increasing the dividend over time, after giving consideration to our cash balances and expected results from operations.
we believe that our current liquidity availability and cash from operating activities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and obligations as they come due.
cash and liquid investments as of december 31, 2019, we had $1,054 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents as well as marketable securities classified as short-term investments. at december 31, 2019, we held $363 million of cash in jurisdictions outside of the u.s., principally in the united kingdom and china. there are currently no legal or economic restrictions that would materially impede our transfers of cash.
credit arrangements at december 31, 2019, we had total debt, including current maturities, of $12,062 million, and $200 million of outstanding letters of credit, bank guarantees and surety bonds issued under uncommitted credit facilities.
we had total unused availability under our credit facilities of $2,919 million at december 31, 2019, which included the following:
•   $2,229 million under our $2,500 million senior revolving credit facility, which backs our $2,500 million commercial paper program. availability under this facility is net of outstanding borrowings, outstanding letters of credit provided under the facility and notes issued under our commercial paper program. a small portion of our availability under this facility is impacted by changes in the euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate. at december 31, 2019, we had $262 million of outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, no outstanding letters of credit and no outstanding borrowings under the facility; and
•   $690 million under our $900 million u.s. receivables facility. availability under this facility is subject to a borrowing base of eligible receivables, which is reduced by outstanding borrowings and letters of credit, if any. this facility had no outstanding borrowings or letters of credit at december 31, 2019.
our $2,500 million senior revolving credit facility contains customary covenants and warranties, including specified restrictions on indebtedness and liens. in addition, we are required to maintain a leverage ratio at the end of every fiscal quarter of 3.50 to 1.00, or less, for the period covering the most recent four quarters.
the u.s. receivables facility is subject to customary warranties and covenants, including limits and reserves and the maintenance of specified financial ratios. we are required to maintain a leverage ratio at the end of every fiscal quarter of 3.50 to 1.00, or less, for the period covering the most recent four quarters. performance obligations under the facility are guaranteed by lyondellbasell n.v.
in march 2019, we entered into the term loan due 2022. borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at either a base rate or libor rate, as defined, plus in each case, an applicable margin determined by reference to lyondellbasell n.v.'s current credit ratings. the credit agreement contains customary representations and warranties and contains certain restrictive covenants regarding, among other things, secured indebtedness, subsidiary indebtedness, mergers and sales of assets. in addition, we are required to maintain a leverage ratio at the end of every fiscal quarter of 3.50 to 1.00, or less, for the period covering the most recent four quarters.
in september 2019, we issued the 2026 notes and the 2031 notes. the 2026 notes and 2031 notes may be redeemed before the date that is three months prior to the scheduled maturity date at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed and the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (discounted at the applicable comparable government bond rate plus 30 basis points in the case of the 2026 notes and plus 35 basis points in the case of the 2031 notes) on the notes to be redeemed. the notes may also be redeemed on or after the date that is three months prior to the scheduled maturity date of the notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. the notes are also redeemable upon certain tax events.
in october 2019, we issued the 2049 notes. the 2049 notes may be redeemed before the date that is six months prior to the scheduled maturity date at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed and the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (discounted at the applicable treasury yield plus 35 basis points) on the notes to be redeemed. the notes may also be redeemed on or after the date that is six months prior to the final maturity date of the notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. the notes are also redeemable upon certain tax events.
we may repay or redeem our debt, including purchases of our outstanding bonds in the open market, using cash and cash equivalents, cash from our short-term investments and tri-party repurchase agreements, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt, proceeds from asset divestitures, or a combination thereof. in connection with any repayment or redemption of our debt, we may incur cash and non-cash charges, which could be material in the period in which they are incurred.
in accordance with our current interest rate risk management strategy and subject to management's evaluation of market conditions and the availability of favorable interest rates among other factors, we may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements to economically convert a portion of our fixed rate debt to variable rate debt or convert a portion of our variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.
for additional information, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
share repurchases upon completion of the tender offer in july 2019, we repurchased 35.1 million ordinary shares at a tender offer price of $88.00 per share for a total of $3,099 million, including $6 million of fees and expenses related to the tender offer. in conjunction with the tender offer, we financed the share repurchase by borrowing $1,000 million from our term loan due 2022, $500 million from our u.s. receivables facility, and $1,280 million from our commercial paper program, with the remainder funded by operating cash.
in september 2019, our shareholders approved a proposal to authorize us to repurchase up to 33.3 million of our ordinary shares through march 12, 2021, which superseded any prior repurchase authorizations. our share repurchase authorization does not have a stated dollar amount, and purchases may be made through open market purchases, private market transactions or other structured transactions. repurchased shares could be retired or used for general corporate purposes, including for various employee benefit and compensation plans. the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased is not necessarily an indication of the number of shares that will ultimately be purchased. in 2019, we purchased approximately 42.7 million shares under our share repurchase authorizations for approximately $3,728 million.
as of february 18, 2020, we had approximately 33.3 million shares remaining under the current authorization. the timing and amounts of additional shares repurchased will be determined based on our evaluation of market conditions and other factors, including any additional authorizations approved by our shareholders. for additional information related to our share repurchase authorization, see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
capital budget in 2020, we expect to spend approximately $2.4 billion in our capital budget, which includes approximately $75 million for investments in our u.s. and european po joint ventures. our capital budget includes investment to build our world-scale po/tba plant in channelview, texas which will have the capacity to produce 470 thousand tons of po and 1.0 million tons of tertiary butyl alcohol. we broke ground on this project in august 2018 and anticipate the project will be completed in late 2021. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our u.s. and european po joint ventures.
51
contractual and other obligations-the following table summarizes, as of december 31, 2019, our future minimum payments for long-term debt, including current maturities, short-term debt, and contractual and other obligations:
total                                                                      payments due by period millions of dollars           less than 1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years           more than 5 years total debt                     $12,167                    $448                $3,795                    $1,751                  $6,173
interest on total debt           6,306                     468                   841                       616                   4,381
contract liabilities               124                     103                    18                         -                       3
other                            1,801                   1,235                   115                        33                     418
deferred income taxes            2,015                     371                   279                       250                   1,115
other obligations:
purchase obligations:
take-or-pay contracts           26,004                   3,019                 5,568                     5,434                  11,983
other contracts                 22,065                   6,650                 6,260                     2,727                   6,428
operating leases                 2,422                     479                   549                       423                     971
total                          $72,904                 $12,773               $17,425                   $11,234                 $31,472
total debt-our debt includes unsecured senior notes, guaranteed notes and various other u.s. and non-u.s. loans. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of covenant requirements under our credit facilities and indentures and additional information regarding our debt facilities.
interest on total debt-our debt and related party debt agreements contain provisions for the payment of monthly, quarterly or semi-annual interest at a stated or variable rate of interest over the term of the debt. interest on variable rate debt is calculated based on the rate in effect as of december 31, 2019.
pension and other postretirement benefits-we maintain several defined benefit pension plans, as described in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. many of our u.s. and non-u.s. plans are subject to minimum funding requirements; however, the amounts of required future contributions for all our plans are not fixed and can vary significantly due to changes in economic assumptions, liability experience and investment return on plan assets. as a result, we have excluded pension and other postretirement benefit obligations from the contractual and other obligations table above. our annual contributions may include amounts in excess of minimum required funding levels. contributions to our non-u.s. plans in years beyond 2020 are not expected to be materially different than the expected 2020 contributions disclosed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. at december 31, 2019, the projected benefit obligation for our pension plans exceeded the fair value of plan assets by $1,287 million. subject to future actuarial gains and losses, as well as future asset earnings, we, together with our consolidated subsidiaries, will be required to fund the discounted obligation of $1,287 million in future years. we contributed $97 million and $100 million to our pension plans in 2019 and 2018, respectively. we provide other postretirement benefits, primarily medical benefits to eligible participants, as described in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. we pay other unfunded postretirement benefits as incurred.
contract liabilities-we are obligated to deliver products or services in connection with sales agreements under which customer payments were received before transfer of control to the customers occurs. these contract liabilities will be recognized in earnings when control of the product or service is transferred to the customer, which range from 1 to 20 years. the long-term portion of such advances totaled $21 million as of december 31, 2019.
other-other primarily consists of accruals for taxes and employee-related expenses.
52
deferred income taxes-the scheduled settlement of the deferred tax liabilities shown in the table is based on the scheduled reversal of the underlying temporary differences. actual cash tax payments will vary depending upon future taxable income. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our deferred tax liabilities.
purchase obligations-we are party to various obligations to purchase products and services, principally for raw materials, utilities and industrial gases. these commitments are designed to ensure sources of supply and are not expected to be in excess of normal requirements. the commitments are segregated into take-or-pay contracts and other contracts. under the take-or-pay contracts, we are obligated to make minimum payments whether or not we take the product or service. other contracts include contracts that specify minimum quantities; however, in the event that we do not take the contractual minimum, we are only obligated for any resulting economic loss suffered by the vendor. the payments shown for the other contracts assume that minimum quantities are purchased. for contracts with variable pricing terms, the minimum payments reflect the contract price at december 31, 2019.
operating leases-we lease various facilities and equipment under noncancelable lease arrangements for various periods. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for related lease disclosures.
current business outlook our foundations of operational excellence, cost management and disciplined capital allocation continue to serve us well in the current challenging environment. we anticipate typical seasonal improvements for our businesses as we progress through the second and third quarters of 2020. favorable resolution of trade policies and a rebound in industrial demand could provide significant upside for our industry. we expect benefits from the imo 2020 regulations for our houston refinery and the completion of our new hyperzone project in 2020.
related party transactions we have related party transactions with our joint venture partners. we believe that such transactions are effected on terms substantially no more or less favorable than those that would have been agreed upon by unrelated parties on an arm's length basis. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional related party disclosures.
critical accounting policies management applies those accounting policies that it believes best reflect the underlying business and economic events, consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements). our more critical accounting policies include those related to the valuation of inventories, goodwill, accruals for long-term employee benefit costs such as pension and other postretirement costs, and accruals for taxes based on income. inherent in such policies are certain key assumptions and estimates made by management. management periodically updates its estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements based on its latest assessment of the current and projected business and general economic environment.
inventories-we account for our raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods inventories using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method of accounting.
the cost of raw materials, which represents a substantial portion of our operating expenses, and energy costs generally follow price trends for crude oil and/or natural gas. crude oil and natural gas prices are subject to many factors, including changes in economic conditions.
since our inventory consists of manufactured products derived from crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids and correlated materials, as well as the associated feedstocks and intermediate chemicals, our inventory market values are generally influenced by changes in the benchmark of crude oil and heavy liquid values and prices for manufactured finished goods. the degree of influence of a particular benchmark may vary from period to period, as the composition of the dollar value lifo pools change. due to natural inventory composition changes, variation in pricing from period to period does not necessarily result in a linear lower of cost or market ("lcm") impact.
53
additionally, an lcm condition may arise due to a volumetric decline in a particular material that had previously provided a positive impact within a pool. as a result, market valuations and lcm conditions are dependent upon the composition and mix of materials on hand at the balance sheet date. in the measurement of an lcm adjustment, the numeric input value for determining the crude oil market price includes pricing that is weighted by volume of inventories held at a point in time, including wti, brent and maya crude oils.
as indicated above, fluctuation in the prices of crude oil, natural gas and correlated products from period to period may result in the recognition of charges to adjust the value of inventory to the lower of cost or market in periods of falling prices and the reversal of those charges in subsequent interim periods as market prices recover. accordingly, our cost of sales and results of operations may be affected by such fluctuations.
during the fourth quarter of 2019, ebitda for our o&p-americas segment and aps segment results include a non-cash, lcm inventory valuation charges of $25 million and $8 million, respectively, primarily due to a decline in domestic polyethylene prices.
goodwill-as of december 31, 2019, we have goodwill of $1,891 million. of this amount, $1,357 million is related to the acquisition of a. schulman in 2018, which is included in our aps segment, and is mainly attributed to acquired workforce and expected synergies. the remaining goodwill at december 31, 2019, primarily represents the tax effect of the differences between the tax and book bases of our assets and liabilities resulting from the revaluation of those assets and liabilities to fair value in connection with the company's emergence from bankruptcy and fresh-start accounting in 2010. additional information on the amount of goodwill allocated to our reporting units appears in note 8 and note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill of a reporting unit may not be fully recoverable. we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. qualitative factors assessed for each of the reporting units include, but are not limited to, changes in long-term commodity prices, discount rates, competitive environments, planned capacity, cost factors such as raw material prices, and financial performance of the reporting units. if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a quantitative test is required.
we also have the option to proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. under the quantitative impairment test, the fair value of each reporting unit, calculated using a discounted cash flow model, is compared to its carrying value, including goodwill. the discounted cash flow model inherently utilizes a significant number of estimates and assumptions, including operating margins, tax rates, discount rates, capital expenditures and working capital changes. if the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge equal to the excess would be recognized, up to a maximum amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
for 2019 and 2018, management performed a qualitative impairment assessment of our reporting units, which indicated that the fair value of our reporting units was more likely than not greater than their carrying value including goodwill. accordingly, a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not required, and no goodwill impairment was recognized in 2019 or 2018.
long-term employee benefit costs-our costs for long-term employee benefits, particularly pension and other postretirement medical and life insurance benefits, are incurred over long periods of time, and involve many uncertainties over those periods. the net periodic benefit cost attributable to current periods is based on several assumptions about such future uncertainties and is sensitive to changes in those assumptions. it is management's responsibility, often with the assistance of independent experts, to select assumptions that in its judgment represent its best estimates of the future effects of those uncertainties and to review those assumptions periodically to reflect changes in economic or other factors.
54
the current benefit service costs, as well as the existing liabilities, for pensions and other postretirement benefits are measured on a discounted present value basis. the discount rate is a current rate, related to the rate at which the liabilities could be settled. our assumed discount rate is based on yield information for high-quality corporate bonds with durations comparable to the expected cash settlement of our obligations. for the purpose of measuring the benefit obligations at december 31, 2019, we used a weighted average discount rate of 3.16% for the u.s. plans, which reflects the different terms of the related benefit obligations. the weighted average discount rate used to measure obligations for non-u.s. plans at december 31, 2019, was 1.03%, reflecting market interest rates. the discount rates in effect at december 31, 2019, will be used to measure net periodic benefit cost during 2020.
the benefit obligation and the periodic cost of other postretirement medical benefits are also measured based on assumed rates of future increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits. as of december 31, 2019, the assumed rate of increase for our u.s. plans was 6.1%, decreasing to 4.5% in 2038 and thereafter. however, changing the assumed health care cost trend rates by one percentage point in each year would increase or decrease the accumulated other postretirement benefit liability as of december 31, 2019, by $24 million and $15 million, respectively, for non-u.s. plans and by less than $1 million for u.s. plans. a one percentage point change would not have a material effect on the aggregate service and interest cost components of the net periodic other postretirement benefit cost for the year then ended.
the net periodic cost of pension benefits included in expense is affected by the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption. investment returns that are recognized currently in net income represent the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets applied to a market-related value of plan assets, which is defined as the market value of assets. the expected rate of return on plan assets is a longer-term rate and is expected to change less frequently than the current assumed discount rate, reflecting long-term market expectations, rather than current fluctuations in market conditions.
the weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets in our u.s. plans of 7.50% is based on the average level of earnings that our independent pension investment advisor advised could be expected to be earned over time. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets in our non-u.s. plans of 2.79% is based on expectations and asset allocations that vary by region. the asset allocations are summarized in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
the actual rate of return on plan assets may differ from the expected rate due to the volatility normally experienced in capital markets. management's goal is to manage the investments over the long term to achieve optimal returns with an acceptable level of risk and volatility.
net periodic pension cost recognized each year includes the expected asset earnings, rather than the actual earnings or loss. along with other gains and losses, this unrecognized amount, to the extent it cumulatively exceeds 10% of the projected benefit obligation for the respective plan, is recognized as additional net periodic benefit cost over the average remaining service period of the participants in each plan.
the following table reflects the sensitivity of the benefit obligations and the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans to changes in the actuarial assumptions:
effects onbenefit obligationsin 2019                                        effects on netperiodic pensioncosts in 2020
millions of dollars                                  u.s.                            non-u.s.                                       u.s.                            non-u.s.
projected benefit obligations at december 31, 2019   $1,965                          $2,017                                  $-                                  $-
projected net periodic pension costs in 2020         -                               -                                       29                                  73
discount rate increases by 100 basis points          (180            )               (286            )                       (6   )                              (8   )
discount rate decreases by 100 basis points          219                     353                                              7                                  23
55
the sensitivity of our postretirement benefit plans obligations and net periodic benefit costs to changes in actuarial assumptions are reflected in the following table:
effects onbenefit obligationsin 2019                       effects on netperiodic benefitcosts in 2020
millions of dollars                                  u.s.                            non-u.s.                   u.s.                                non-u.s.
projected benefit obligations at december 31, 2019   $251                            $79                        $-                                  $-
projected net periodic benefit costs in 2020         -                               -
discount rate increases by 100 basis points          (22             )               -                          (2                )                 -
discount rate decreases by 100 basis points          26                              -                       1                                      -
additional information on the key assumptions underlying these benefit costs appears in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
accruals for taxes based on income-the determination of our provision for income taxes and the calculation of our tax benefits and liabilities is subject to management's estimates and judgments due to the complexity of the tax laws and regulations in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. uncertainties exist with respect to interpretation of these complex laws and regulations.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse.
we recognize future tax benefits to the extent that the realization of these benefits is more likely than not. our current provision for income taxes is impacted by the recognition and release of valuation allowances related to net deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions. further changes to these valuation allowances may impact our future provision for income taxes, which will include no tax benefit with respect to losses incurred and no tax expense with respect to income generated in these countries until the respective valuation allowance is eliminated.
we recognize the financial statement benefits with respect to an uncertain income tax position that we have taken or may take on an income tax return when we believe it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities.
accounting and reporting changes for a discussion of the potential impact of new accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
56
