item 1a.    risk factors.
forward-looking statements we make forward-looking statements in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and elsewhere in this annual report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations, which follow under the captions "business and overview," "liquidity and capital resources," and other statements throughout this annual report preceded by, followed by, or that include the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates," or similar expressions.
any number of risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those we express in our forward-looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties we describe below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the sec. we therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statement. the forward-looking statements in this annual report speak only as of the date of this annual report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether due to new information, future developments, or otherwise.
9
risks and uncertainties we are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. the events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. in addition, these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this annual report or in other company communications. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. because there is no way to determine in advance whether, or to what extent, any present uncertainty will ultimately impact our business, you should give equal weight to each of the following:
our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully for guests with other hotel properties and home sharing or rental services. we operate in markets that contain many competitors. each of our hotel brands and our home rental offering competes with major hotel chains, regional hotel chains, independent hotels, and home sharing and rental services across national and international venues. our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services, including our loyalty program, direct booking channels, and consumer-facing technology platforms and services, from those offered by others. if we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our operating margins could contract, our market share could decrease, and our earnings could decline. further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to increase room rates or occupancy in those markets.
economic downturns and other global, national, and regional conditions could impact our financial results and growth. because we conduct our business on a global platform, changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical conditions impact our activities. our business is impacted by decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions, changes in energy prices and currency values, political instability, heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, disruptions in air travel, and concerns over disease, violence, war, or terrorism. our performance could be materially affected if these conditions arise or extend longer than anticipated, or in other circumstances that we are not able to predict or mitigate.
during the last recession when demand for hotel rooms declined significantly, particularly in 2009, we took steps to reduce operating costs and improve efficiency and such cost controls could again become necessary if demand significantly declines. our efforts to implement any such changes in a manner designed to maintain guest loyalty, owner preference, and associate satisfaction may not be successful, and our market share may suffer as a result.
in addition, u.s. government travel and travel associated with u.s. government operations are a significant part of our business, which can suffer due to u.s. federal spending cuts, government hiring restrictions, or other spending limitations that may result from presidential or congressional action or inaction, including for example, a u.s. federal government shutdown, such as the partial shutdown that occurred in december 2018 and january 2019.
risks relating to our integration of starwood some of the anticipated benefits of combining starwood and marriott may still not be realized and challenges related to our integration efforts could have adverse effects on our business. although we have achieved substantial benefits from the starwood combination, we cannot assure you when or that we will be able to fully realize additional benefits that we anticipated when we decided to acquire starwood, including enhancing revenues or achieving other operating efficiencies or cost savings. we also cannot assure you that challenges we encountered with the harmonization of our systems, our loyalty program, and other business practices (some of which still place a significant burden on our management and internal resources) will not have significant adverse effects on our business or reputation.
program changes associated with our integration efforts could have a negative effect on guest preference or behavior. our integration efforts involved significant changes to certain of our guest programs and services, including our loyalty program, co-brand credit card arrangements, and consumer-facing technology platforms and services. while we believe such changes enhance these programs and services for our guests and will drive guest preference and satisfaction, these changes remain subject to various uncertainties, including whether the changes could be negatively perceived by certain guests and consumers, could affect guest preference or could alter reservation, spending or other guest or consumer behavior, all of which could adversely affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
10
risks relating to our business operational risks premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance. our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria that are subject to the risks described in this section, which we fail or elect not to cure, or in certain limited cases, other negotiated contractual termination rights. some courts have also applied agency law principles and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, including us (or have interpreted hotel management agreements to be "personal services contracts"). property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. when terminations occur for these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management or franchise agreement. a significant loss of agreements due to premature terminations could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business.
the growing significance of our operations outside of the u.s. makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. more than a third of the rooms in our system are located outside of the u.s. and its territories. we expect that our international operations, and resulting revenues, will continue to grow. this increasingly exposes us to the challenges and risks of doing business outside the u.s., many of which are outside of our control, and which could materially reduce our revenues or profits, materially increase our costs, result in significant liabilities or sanctions, significantly disrupt our business, or significantly damage our reputation. these challenges include: (1) compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations and government policies that may impact our operations, such as foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, and trade restrictions; (2) compliance with u.s. and foreign laws that affect the activities of companies abroad, such as competition laws, cybersecurity and privacy laws, currency regulations, and other laws affecting dealings with certain nations; (3) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (4) uncertainties as to the enforceability of contract and intellectual property rights under local laws; (5) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism, war, pandemics, or the threat of international boycotts or u.s. anti-boycott legislation; and (6) currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may impact the results and cash flows of our international operations.
any failure by our international operations to comply with anti-corruption laws or trade sanctions could increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, harm our reputation, or subject us to broader liability. we are subject to restrictions imposed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and anti-corruption laws and regulations of other countries applicable to our operations, such as the u.k. bribery act. anti-corruption laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making certain payments to government officials or other persons in order to influence official acts or decisions or to obtain or retain business. these laws also require us to maintain adequate internal controls and accurate books and records. we have properties in many parts of the world where corruption is common, and our compliance with anti-corruption laws may potentially conflict with local customs and practices. the compliance programs, internal controls and policies we maintain and enforce to promote compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may not prevent our associates, contractors, or agents from acting in ways prohibited by these laws and regulations. we are also subject to trade sanctions administered by the u.s. office of foreign assets control and the u.s. department of commerce, and authorities in other countries where we do business. our compliance programs and internal controls also may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. the u.s. or other countries may impose additional sanctions at any time against any country in which or with whom we do business. depending on the nature of the sanctions imposed, our operations in the relevant country could be restricted or otherwise adversely affected. any violations of anti-corruption laws and regulations or trade sanctions could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, reduce our profits, disrupt or have a material adverse effect on our business, damage our reputation, or result in lawsuits or regulatory actions being brought against the company or its officers or directors. in addition, the operation of these laws or an imposition of further restrictions in these areas could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits or cause us to forgo development opportunities, or cease operations in certain countries, that would otherwise support growth.
exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange hedging arrangements could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the u.s. accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. we are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-u.s. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. as a result, changes between the
11
foreign exchange rates and the u.s. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. we expect that our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow as the relative contribution of our non-u.s. operations increases. we enter into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions to reduce exposures to some of the principal currencies in which we receive management and franchise fees, but these efforts may not be successful. these hedging agreements also do not cover all currencies in which we do business, do not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely for the currencies that they do cover, and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements and counterparty risk.
some of our management agreements and related contracts require us to make payments to owners if the hotels do not achieve specified levels of operating profit. some of our contracts with hotel owners require that we fund shortfalls if the hotels do not attain specified levels of operating profit. we may not be able to recover any fundings of such performance guarantees, which could lower our profits and reduce our cash flows.
our new programs and new branded products may not be successful. we cannot assure you that new or newly acquired brands, or any other new programs or products we have recently launched or may launch in the future, will be accepted by hotel owners, potential franchisees, or the traveling public or other guests. we also cannot be certain that we will recover the costs we incurred in developing or acquiring the brands or any new programs or products, or that those brands, programs, or products will be successful.
risks relating to natural or man-made disasters, contagious disease, violence, and war could reduce the demand for lodging, which may adversely affect our revenues. we have seen a decline in travel and reduced demand for lodging due to so called "acts of god," such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, volcanic activity, wildfires, and other natural disasters, as well as man-made disasters and the spread of contagious diseases in locations where we own, manage, or franchise significant properties and areas of the world from which we draw a large number of guests, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil or geopolitical strife, and other acts of violence could have a similar effect. any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for lodging, limit the prices that we can obtain, or increase our operating costs, all of which could adversely affect our profits. if a terrorist event or other incident of violence were to involve one or more of our branded properties, demand for our properties in particular could suffer, which could further hurt our revenues and profits.
disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in litigation or delay implementation of product or service initiatives. consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. the nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the need for or payment for new product, service or systems initiatives, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for certain system initiatives and costs. such disagreements may be more likely when hotel returns are weaker. we seek to resolve any disagreements to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners, franchisees, and joint venture partners, but we cannot always do so. failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation, and could do so in the future. if any such litigation results in an adverse judgment, settlement, or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be constrained.
our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. certain events, including those that may be beyond our control, could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties or more generally impact the reputation of our brands. many other factors also can influence our reputation and the value of our brands, including service, food quality and safety, safety of our guests and associates, availability and management of scarce natural resources, supply chain management, diversity, human rights, and support for local communities. reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands and our hotels, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. while reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations or penalties, or litigation. negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, disruption of access to our websites and reservation systems, loss of development opportunities, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. any material decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
if our brands, goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. as of december 31, 2019, we had $17.7 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate
12
impairment may have occurred. estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in guests' perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
actions by our franchisees and licensees or others could adversely affect our image and reputation. we franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, residential, and our credit card programs. under the terms of their agreements with us, these parties interact directly with guests and others under our brand and trade names. if these third parties fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including any data incident involving guest information or a circumstance involving guest or associate health or safety; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, our image and reputation could suffer. although our agreements with these parties provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, it could be expensive or time consuming for us to pursue such remedies. we also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights or that we could collect any awarded damages from the defaulting party.
collective bargaining activity and strikes could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs, and interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. a significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels are covered by collective bargaining agreements. if relationships with our organized associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts, and public demonstrations, as we saw in the fourth quarter of 2018. numerous collective bargaining agreements are typically subject to negotiation each year, and our past ability to resolve such negotiations does not mean that we will resolve future negotiations without strikes, disruptions, or on terms that we consider reasonable. labor disputes and disruptions have in the past, and could in the future, result in adverse publicity and adversely affect operations and revenues at affected hotels. in addition, labor disputes and disruptions could harm our relationship with our associates, result in increased regulatory inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities, harm our relationships with our guests and customers, divert management attention, and reduce customer demand for our services, all of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses, legal costs, and limitations on our ability or the ability of our third-party property owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering unionized labor employed by our third-party property owners and franchisees. increased unionization of our workforce, new labor legislation or changes in regulations could disrupt our operations, reduce our profitability or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.
if we cannot attract and retain talented associates, or if we lose the services of senior executives, our business could suffer. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel. if we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of talented associates, we could experience increased associate turnover, decreased guest satisfaction, low morale, inefficiency, or internal control failures. insufficient numbers of talented associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. a shortage of skilled labor could also result in higher wages that would increase our labor costs, which could reduce our profits. in addition, the efforts and abilities of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and if we lose the services of one or more of our senior executives, we could experience challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business.
damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise may not be covered by insurance, or the cost of such insurance could increase. we require comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. we require managed hotel owners to procure such coverage or we procure such coverage on their behalf. we also require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, or liabilities that result from breaches in the security of information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. as a result, we, our hotel owners and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, or may not be successful in obtaining insurance at all. for example, in 2018 and 2019 substantial increases in property insurance costs occurred due to the severe and widespread
13
damage caused by the 2017 atlantic hurricane season and other natural disasters coupled with continued large global losses in the property market in 2018. also, due to the data security incident and the state of the cyber insurance market generally, the costs for our cyber insurance increased for our policy period beginning in the 2019 third quarter, and the cost of such insurance could continue to increase in future years. further, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected, and for properties we own or lease, we could lose some or all of the capital that we have invested in the property and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations.
development and financing risks while we are predominantly a manager and franchisor of hotel properties, our hotel owners depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and our hotel owners may be unable to access capital when necessary. both we and current and potential hotel owners must periodically spend money to fund new hotel investments, as well as to refurbish and improve existing hotels. the availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors, over which we exert little control. obtaining financing on attractive terms may be constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. in addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing loans at maturity.
our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. our growth strategy for adding lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. the terms of our management agreements and franchise agreements for each of our lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. we cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into future collaborations, renew agreements, or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today.
our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. these include site availability, financing, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy and rate, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, and demand for construction resources.
our development and renovation activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. we occasionally develop, or acquire and renovate, hotel and residential properties, both directly and through partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures with third parties. as demonstrated by the impairment charges that we recorded in 2014 and 2015 in connection with our development and construction of three edition hotels and residences, our ongoing involvement in the development of properties presents a number of risks, including that: (1) any future weakness in the capital markets may limit our ability, or that of third parties with whom we do business, to raise capital for completion of projects that have commenced or for development of future properties; (2) properties that we develop or renovate could become less attractive due to decreases in demand for hotel properties, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell such properties for a profit or at the prices or pace we anticipate, potentially requiring additional changes in our pricing strategy that could result in further charges; (3) construction delays or cost overruns, including those due to shortages or increased costs of skilled labor and/or materials, lender financial defaults, or so called "acts of god" such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fires may increase overall project costs or result in project cancellations; and (4) we may be unable to recover development costs we incur for any projects that we do not pursue to completion.
our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks. we have a number of owned and leased properties, which are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. we are actively pursuing sales of some of these properties, but equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell quickly, and we may not be able to do so at prices we find acceptable or at all. moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated, if any, by the related properties, and the expenses incurred. a variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including local market conditions and new supply of hotels, availability and costs of staffing, governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. for example, new or existing real estate or tax laws can make it more expensive to acquire, develop, or operate and/or expand, modify, or renovate hotels. when interest rates increase, the cost of acquiring, developing, expanding, or renovating real property increases and real property values may decrease as the number of potential buyers decreases. similarly, as financing becomes less available, it becomes more difficult
14
both to acquire and to sell real property. finally, under eminent domain laws, governments can take real property, sometimes for less compensation than the owner believes the property is worth. despite our asset-light strategy, our real estate properties could be impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. if our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses, including needed capital expenditures, our income could be adversely affected or we could be required to record significant non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations.
development and other investing activities that involve our co-investment with third parties may result in disputes and may decrease our ability to manage risk. we have from time to time invested, and may continue to invest, in partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures involving our co-investment with third parties. these investments generally include some form of shared control over the development of the asset or operations of the business and create added risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, could have or develop business interests, policies, or objectives that are inconsistent with ours, could take action without our approval (or, conversely, prevent us from taking action without our partner's approval), or could make requests contrary to our policies or objectives. should a venture partner become bankrupt we could become liable for our partner's share of the venture's liabilities. actions by a co-venturer might subject the assets owned by the venture or partnership to additional risk, such as increased project costs, project delays, or operational difficulties following project completion. disagreements with our venture partners may result in litigation. these risks may be more likely to occur in difficult business environments. we cannot assure you that our investments through partnerships or joint ventures will be successful in light of these risks.
risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits. we participate, through licensing agreements or directly or through noncontrolling interests, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with our brands, including residences and condominiums under many of our luxury and premium brand names and trademarks. such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including risks that (1) weakness in residential real estate and demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future development partners of the value added by our brands; (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability or the tax benefits of mortgage financing or residential ownership generally, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and (3) residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims or claims related to purchaser deposits, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant.
some hotel openings in our development pipeline and approved projects may be delayed or not result in new hotels, which could adversely affect our growth prospects. we report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction and under signed contracts, as well as hotels approved for development but not yet under contract. the eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular the approved hotels that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including in some cases the owner's or developer's ability to obtain adequate financing or governmental or regulatory approvals, increased construction costs, changes in lodging supply dynamics in individual markets, or disruptive conditions in global, regional, or local markets. we have seen construction timelines for pipeline hotels lengthen due to competition for skilled construction labor and disruption in the supply chain for materials, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. accordingly, we cannot assure you that all of our development pipeline will result in new hotels entering our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate.
losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties impact our profits. at times, we make loans for hotel development, acquisition or renovation expenditures when we enter into or amend management or franchise agreements. from time to time we also provide third-party lenders with financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. we could suffer losses if hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded.
if owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed. the owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. if those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and repossess the property. such sales or repossessions could, in some cases, result in the termination of our management or franchise agreements and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows, which could negatively affect our results of operations.
15
changes affecting the availability of the london interbank offered rate ("libor") may have consequences that we cannot yet reasonably predict. we are a party to various agreements and other instruments where obligations by or to us are calculated based on or otherwise dependent on libor. in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of libor after 2021. as a result, libor may perform differently than in the past and may ultimately cease to be utilized or to exist, either before or after 2021. alternative benchmark rate(s) may replace libor and could affect our agreements that rely on libor, not all of which contain alternative rate provisions. we are still in the process of investigating which of our agreements rely on libor and, at this time, it is not possible for us to predict the effect of any changes to libor, any phase out of libor, or any establishment of alternative benchmark rates. there is uncertainty about how we, the financial markets, applicable law and the courts will address the replacement of libor with alternative rates on contracts that do not include alternative rate provisions. in addition, any changes to benchmark rates may have an uncertain impact on our cost of funds, our receipts or payments under agreements that rely on libor, and the valuation of derivative or other contracts to which we are a party, any of which could impact our results of operations and cash flows.
technology, information protection, and privacy risks a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. the lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. these technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis, and our business could suffer if we cannot do that as quickly or effectively as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
an increase in the use of third-party internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. some of our hotel rooms are booked through internet travel intermediaries such as expedia.com®, priceline.com®, booking.comtm, travelocity.com®, and orbitz.com®, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. these intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. although our best rate guarantee and member rate programs have helped limit guest preference shift to intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase by certain companies of trademarked online keywords such as "marriott" from internet search engines such as google®, bing®, yahoo®, and baidu® to steer guests toward their websites (a practice that has been challenged by various trademark owners in federal court). our business and profitability could be harmed to the extent that online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from our direct online channels, or through their fees, increase the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. in addition, if we are not able to negotiate new agreements on satisfactory terms when our existing contracts with intermediaries (which generally have 2- to 3- year terms) come up for renewal, our business and prospects could be negatively impacted in a number of ways. for example, if newly negotiated agreements are on terms less favorable to our hotels than the expiring agreements, or if we are not able to negotiate new agreements and our hotels no longer appear on intermediary websites, our bookings could decline, our profits (and the operating profits of hotels in our system) could decline, and customers and owners may be less attracted to our brands. we may not be able to recapture or offset any such loss of business through actions we take to enhance our direct marketing and reservation channels or to rely on other channels or other intermediary websites.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of company, associate, and guest data. in the operation of our business, we collect, store, use, and transmit large volumes of data regarding associates, guests, customers, owners, licensees, franchisees, and our own business operations, including credit card numbers, reservation and loyalty data, and other personal information, in various information systems that we maintain and in systems maintained by third parties, including our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers. the integrity and protection of this data is critical to our business. if this data is inaccurate or incomplete, we could make faulty decisions.
our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal information. the information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by laws and governmental regulation, our contractual obligations, and the requirements of the payment card industry are also increasingly demanding in the u.s., the european union, asia, and other jurisdictions where we operate. our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time to do so. we may incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and
16
expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to fines and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand.
the data security incident could have numerous adverse effects on our business. as a result of the data security incident, we are a party to numerous lawsuits, primarily putative class actions, brought by consumers and others in the u.s. and canada, one securities class action lawsuit in the u.s., and three shareholder derivative lawsuits in the u.s. we may be named as a party in additional lawsuits and other claims may be asserted by or on behalf of guests, customers, hotel owners, shareholders or others seeking monetary damages or other relief. a number of federal, state and foreign governmental authorities have also made inquiries, opened investigations, or requested information and/or documents related to the data security incident, including under various data protection and privacy regulations, such as the european union's general data protection regulation. responding to and resolving these lawsuits, claims and investigations could result in material remedial and other expenses which may not be covered by insurance, including any fines imposed by the information commissioner's office in the united kingdom (the "ico"), as discussed in note 7, or by regulatory authorities in various other jurisdictions. governmental authorities investigating the data security incident also may seek to impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our data security costs or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. significant management time and company resources have been, and may continue to be, devoted to the data security incident. future publicity or developments related to the data security incident, including as a result of subsequent reports or regulatory actions or developments, could have a range of other adverse effects on our business or prospects, including causing or contributing to loss of consumer confidence, reduced consumer demand, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, loss of development opportunities, and associate retention and recruiting difficulties. insurance coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including the final amount of the proposed ico fine and any other fines or penalties) related to the data security incident.
additional cybersecurity incidents could have adverse effects on our business. we have implemented security measures to safeguard our systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but, as we have seen in the past, our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. measures taken by our service providers or our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners or their service providers also may not be sufficient. efforts to hack or circumvent security measures, efforts to gain unauthorized access to, exploit or disrupt the operation or integrity of our data or systems, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, "ransomware" or other malware, "phishing" or other types of business communications compromises, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data have impacted, and may in the future impact, our information systems and records or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers. our reliance on computer, internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. we have experienced cyberattacks, attempts to disrupt access to our systems and data, and attempts to affect the operation or integrity of our data or systems, and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. any significant theft of, unauthorized access to, compromise or loss of, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, owner, franchisee, licensee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in legal, regulatory and other consequences, including remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. depending on the nature and scope of the event, compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers or other disruptions or compromises of data or systems could lead to an interruption in or other adverse effects on the operation of our systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits, and could result in negative publicity and other adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, loss of consumer confidence, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, litigation, loss of development opportunities, or associate satisfaction, retention and recruiting difficulties, all of which could materially affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
because we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, additional incidents or the failure to detect and appropriately respond to additional incidents could magnify the severity of the adverse effects on our business. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information systems change frequently, can be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected, which could also magnify the severity of these adverse effects. we cannot assure you that all potential causes of the data security incident have been identified and remediated and will not occur again; additional measures may be needed to prevent a similar incident in the future and such measures may not be sufficient to prevent other types of incidents. although we carry cyber insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all expenses or other losses (including fines) or all types of claims that may arise in connection with
17
cyberattacks, security compromises, and other related incidents. furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs, increase our exposure to fines and litigation, and adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. we are subject to numerous, complex, and frequently changing laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information, including in the u.s., the european union, asia, and other jurisdictions. non-u.s. data privacy and data security laws, various u.s. federal and state laws (such as the california consumer privacy act and the new york shield act), payment card industry security standards, and other information privacy and security standards are all applicable to us. significant legislative or regulatory changes could be adopted in the future, including in reaction to the data security incident or data breaches experienced by other companies. compliance with changes in applicable data privacy laws and regulations (such as the california consumer privacy act and the new york shield act) and contractual obligations, including responding to investigations into our compliance, may restrict our business operations, increase our operating costs, increase our exposure to fines and litigation in the event of alleged non-compliance, and adversely affect our reputation. following the data security incident, the ico and certain other regulators also opened investigations into our privacy practices, including the representations in our privacy policies and how we handle individual rights requests. as a result of these investigations, we could be exposed to significant fines and remediation costs in addition to any imposed as a result of the data security incident, and adverse publicity related to the investigations could adversely affect our reputation.
additionally, we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising, and postal mailings. any further restrictions in laws such as the canspam act, and various u.s. state laws (such as the california consumer privacy act and the new york shield act), or new federal or state laws on marketing and solicitation or international privacy, e-privacy, and anti-spam laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising, and postal mailing techniques and could force further changes in our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. we also obtain access to potential guests and customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships, and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other companies' marketing materials. if access to these lists were to be prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new guests and customers and introduce them to our products could be impaired.
any disruption in the functioning of our reservation systems could adversely affect our performance and results. we manage global reservation systems that communicate reservations to our hotels from individuals who book reservations directly with us online, through our mobile apps, through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel websites, and other distribution channels. the cost, speed, accuracy and efficiency of our reservation systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to our reservation systems. disruptions in or changes to our reservation systems could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data.
other risks ineffective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements, reduce investor confidence, and adversely impact our stock price. as discussed in part ii, item 8 "management's report on internal control over financial reporting" later in this report, in the 2018 fourth quarter, we identified a material weakness in internal control related to our accounting for our loyalty program, which resulted in errors in our previously issued financial statements for the 2018 first, second, and third quarters. internal controls related to the implementation of asu 2014-09 and the accounting for our loyalty program are important to accurately reflect our financial position and results of operations in our financial reports. we are in the process of remediating the material weakness and have responded to requests from the sec for documents and information related to these matters. if the additional controls and processes that we have implemented while we work to remediate the material weakness are not sufficient, or if we identify additional control deficiencies that individually or together constitute significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, our ability to accurately record, process, and report financial information and consequently, our ability to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected. failure to properly remediate the material weakness or the discovery of additional control deficiencies could result in violations of applicable securities laws, stock exchange listing requirements, and the covenants under our debt agreements, subject us to litigation and investigations, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements, and adversely impact our stock price and ability to access capital markets.
18
changes in laws and regulations could reduce our profits or increase our costs. we are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations, and policies in jurisdictions around the world, including those for financial reporting, taxes, healthcare, cybersecurity, privacy, climate change, and the environment. changes to such laws, regulations, or policies could reduce our profits. we also anticipate that many of the jurisdictions where we do business will continue to review taxes and other revenue raising measures, and any resulting changes could impose new restrictions, costs, or prohibitions on our current practices or reduce our profits. in particular, governments may revise tax laws, regulations, or official interpretations in ways that could significantly impact us, and other modifications could reduce the profits that we can effectively realize from our operations or could require costly changes to those operations or the way in which they are structured.
we could be subject to additional tax liabilities. we are subject to a variety of taxes in the u.s. (federal, state, and local) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. such changes could come about as a result of economic, political, and other conditions.
our tax expense and liabilities are also affected by other factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, and changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation. significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax expense and liabilities. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. for example, the legislation known as the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 tax act") requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required by u.s. tax law, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the 2017 tax act, significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. the u.s. treasury department, the u.s. internal revenue service, and other standard-setting bodies will continue to interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the 2017 tax act will be applied or otherwise administered. as future guidance is issued, we may make adjustments to amounts that we have previously recorded that may materially impact our financial statements in the period in which the adjustments are made.
we are also currently subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions, and these jurisdictions may assess additional tax liabilities against us. developments in an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. we regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical tax accruals.
delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our board of directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. under the delaware business combination statute, a shareholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without board of director consent for at least three years after the date the shareholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. our governing corporate documents also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. in addition, our board of directors could, without shareholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a shareholder rights plan.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, and timeshare properties in 134 countries and territories under 30 brand names. under our asset-light business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: north american full-service, north american limited-service, and asia pacific. our europe, middle east and africa, and caribbean and latin america operating segments do not individually meet the criteria for separate disclosure as reportable segments. in january 2020, we modified our reportable segment structure as a result of a change in the way management intends to evaluate results and allocate resources within the company. beginning with the first quarter of 2020, we will present the following reportable business segments: north america; asia pacific; and europe, middle east, and africa. our caribbean and latin america operating segment will be included in a combined caribbean and latin america and "unallocated corporate" caption.
we earn base management fees and in many cases incentive management fees from the properties that we manage, and we earn franchise fees on the properties that others operate under franchise agreements with us. in most markets, base management and franchise fees typically consist of a percentage of property-level revenue, or certain property-level revenue in the case of franchise fees, while incentive management fees typically consist of a percentage of net house profit after a specified owner return. in our middle east and africa and asia pacific regions, incentive management fees typically consist of a percentage of gross operating profit without adjustment for a specified owner return. net house profit is calculated as gross operating profit (also referred to as "house profit," which we discuss under the "performance measures" section below) less non-controllable expenses such as property insurance, real estate taxes, and capital spending reserves.
our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. this strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. in addition, we believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling our investments maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility.
we remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level ("above-property"). we provide our guests new and memorable experiences through our portfolio of brands, innovative technology, personalized guest recognition, and access to travel experiences through our marriott bonvoy tours & activities program. our brands remain strong due to our skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior guest service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, loyalty program, multichannel reservation systems, and desirable property amenities. we strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. we believe that our loyalty program generates substantial repeat business that might otherwise go to competing hotels, and we strategically market to the program's large and growing member base to generate revenue.
25
we, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities, technology offerings, and guest experiences. we address, through various means, hotels in our system that do not meet our standards. we continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile applications, through functionality and service improvements.
our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. managed properties in our system continue to maintain tight cost controls. we also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas.
data security incident on november 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database. the starwood reservations database is no longer used for business operations.
to date, we have not seen a meaningful impact on demand as a result of the data security incident.
in july 2019, the ico issued a formal notice of intent under the u.k. data protection act 2018 proposing a fine in the amount of £99 million against the company in relation to the data security incident (the "proposed ico fine"). we mutually agreed with the ico to an extension of the regulatory process until june 1, 2020 and the ico proceeding is ongoing. in the 2019 second quarter, we recorded an accrual in the full amount of the proposed ico fine for this loss contingency, and in the 2019 fourth quarter, we reduced the accrual to $65 million based on the ongoing proceeding. see note 7 for additional information.
we are currently unable to estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already incurred. however, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. although our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including fines and penalties) related to the data security incident. as we expected, the cost of such insurance increased for our current policy period, and the cost of such insurance could continue to increase in future years. we expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible fines and penalties), increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. see note 7 for information related to expenses incurred in 2018 and 2019, insurance recoveries, and legal proceedings and governmental investigations related to the data security incident.
performance measures we believe revpar, which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues, and should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available, measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels. comparisons to the prior year period are on a constant u.s. dollar basis. we calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period.
we define our comparable properties as our properties that were open and operating under one of our brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2018 for the current period) and have not, in either the current or previous year: (i) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (ii) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (iii) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption. for 2019 compared to 2018, we had 4,371 comparable north american properties and 1,232 comparable international properties. for 2018 compared to 2017, we had 4,109 comparable north american properties and 1,173 comparable international properties.
we also believe company-operated house profit margin, which is the ratio of property-level gross operating profit to total property-level revenue, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because this ratio measures our overall ability as the operator to produce property-level profits by generating sales and controlling the operating expenses over which we have the most direct control. house profit includes room, food and beverage, and other revenue and the related expenses including payroll and benefits expenses, as well as repairs and maintenance, utility, general and administrative, and sales and marketing
26
expenses. house profit does not include the impact of management fees, furniture, fixtures and equipment replacement reserves, insurance, taxes, or other fixed expenses.
business trends our 2019 full-year results reflected a year-over-year increase in the number of properties in our system, strong demand for our brands in many markets around the world, and generally favorable economic conditions. comparable worldwide systemwide revpar for 2019 increased 1.3 percent to $117.30, adr increased 0.8 percent on a constant dollar basis to $160.55, and occupancy increased 0.4 percentage points to 73.1 percent, compared to 2018.
in north america, revpar increased modestly in 2019, driven by higher adr, partially constrained by new lodging supply in certain markets. in our asia pacific segment in 2019, revpar growth was driven by india and major urban markets in greater china but was partially constrained by lower demand in hong kong. our europe region experienced higher demand in 2019, led by strong demand from u.s. travelers in the u.k., italy, and spain. in our middle east and africa region, revpar remained relatively stable in 2019 due to revpar growth in africa, partially offset by ongoing geopolitical and economic instability and supply growth in the middle east. revpar grew across our caribbean and latin america region, driven by higher adr, partially constrained by lower demand in mexico.
for our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. north american company-operated house profit margins decreased by 20 basis points in 2019 compared to 2018 at comparable properties, primarily due to wage increases and modest revpar growth, partially offset by cost controls and synergy savings from the starwood combination. international company-operated house profit margins increased by 20 basis points in 2019 compared to 2018 at comparable properties, primarily due to revpar growth in our asia pacific segment and europe region and cost controls and synergy savings from the starwood combination.
the coronavirus outbreak currently is impacting our operations in china and other parts of our asia pacific segment by necessitating the closure of numerous hotels in mainland china and significantly reducing demand in greater china and certain other asia pacific markets. we cannot presently estimate the overall operational and financial impact, which could be material to our 2020 results, and which is highly dependent on the breadth and duration of the outbreak and could be affected by other factors we are not currently able to predict.
system growth and pipeline in 2019, we added 516 properties with 78,142 rooms around the world across our portfolio of brands. approximately 44 percent of added rooms are located outside north america, and 18 percent are conversions from competitor brands. in 2019, 70 properties (11,908 rooms) exited our system.
at year-end 2019, our development pipeline grew to a record 515,000 rooms, with more than half located outside of north america. the pipeline includes hotel rooms under construction and under signed contracts, and approximately 23,000 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. in 2019, we signed management and franchise agreements for 815 properties (136,000 rooms), setting company records for rooms signings in asia pacific, europe, caribbean and latin america, and middle east and africa. contracts signed in 2019 also reflected the company's strength in the luxury tier, with 42 properties signed across 27 countries and territories.
in 2020, we expect the number of our open hotel rooms will increase at a rate consistent with our recent experience. this growth expectation does not include any potential impact related to the coronavirus outbreak.
27
properties and rooms at year-end 2019, we operated, franchised, and licensed the following properties and rooms:
managed                       franchised/licensed                           owned/leased                                    total properties              rooms          properties                 rooms          properties              rooms          properties                rooms north american full-service        413               182,691              738                 210,019                 8                 4,833            1,159                 397,543
north american limited-service     402                63,224            3,743                 436,032                20                 3,006            4,165                 502,262
asia pacific                       660               190,239              120                  31,123                 2           410                      782                 221,772
other international                601               131,722              513                  96,347                38                 8,754            1,152                 236,823
timeshare                            -                     -               91                  22,521                 -                     -               91                  22,521
total                            2,076               567,876            5,205                 796,042                68                17,003            7,349               1,380,921
28
lodging statistics the following tables present revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics for comparable properties for 2019, 2019 compared to 2018, 2018, and 2018 compared to 2017. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
2019 compared to 2018
comparable company-operated properties revpar                              occupancy                        average daily rate
2019                                                        vs. 2018          2019          vs. 2018          2019                           vs. 2018
north american full-service (1)        $174.86            1.5      %      76.7   %        0.3      %   pts.         $228.12                1.0      %
north american limited-service (2)     $109.15           (0.7     )%      73.9   %       (1.0     )%   pts.         $147.61                0.6      %
north american - all (3)               $153.64            1.0      %      75.8   %       (0.1     )%   pts.         $202.75                1.1      %
asia pacific                           $102.39            2.2      %      72.4   %        2.1      %   pts.         $141.38               (0.8     )%
caribbean &amp; latin america          $132.25            2.3      %      65.1   %        0.7      %   pts.         $203.23                1.2      %
europe                                 $149.51            2.8      %      74.7   %        0.9      %   pts.         $200.21                1.5      %
middle east &amp; africa               $107.20              -      %      68.5   %        2.6      %   pts.         $156.43               (3.8     )%
international - all (4)                $116.10            2.0      %      71.7   %        1.8      %   pts.         $161.91               (0.6     )%
worldwide (5)                          $134.60            1.4      %      73.7   %        0.9      %   pts.         $182.60                0.2      %
comparable systemwide properties revpar                              occupancy                        average daily rate
2019                                                        vs. 2018          2019          vs. 2018          2019                           vs. 2018
north american full-service (1)        $147.53            2.0      %      74.2   %        0.4      %   pts.         $198.88                1.5      %
north american limited-service (2)      $99.67              -      %      73.8   %       (0.4     )%   pts.         $135.14                0.5      %
north american - all (3)               $119.61            1.0      %      73.9   %       (0.1     )%   pts.         $161.79                1.1      %
asia pacific                           $103.98            2.4      %      72.3   %        2.1      %   pts.         $143.90               (0.6     )%
caribbean &amp; latin america          $102.62            2.1      %      62.7   %        0.1      %   pts.         $163.57                2.0      %
europe                                 $130.75            2.7      %      73.3   %        0.8      %   pts.         $178.26                1.5      %
middle east &amp; africa               $101.79            0.1      %      67.9   %        2.3      %   pts.         $149.88               (3.2     )%
international - all (4)                $111.51            2.2      %      70.9   %        1.5      %   pts.         $157.31                  -      %
worldwide (5)                          $117.30            1.3      %      73.1   %        0.4      %   pts.         $160.55                0.8      %
(1)   includes jw marriott, the ritz-carlton, w hotels, the luxury collection, st. regis, edition, marriott hotels, sheraton, westin, renaissance, autograph collection, delta hotels, gaylord hotels, and le méridien. systemwide also includes tribute portfolio.
(2)   includes courtyard, residence inn, fairfield by marriott, springhill suites, towneplace suites, four points, aloft, element, and ac hotels by marriott. systemwide also includes moxy.
(3)   includes north american full-service and north american limited-service.
(4)   includes asia pacific, caribbean &amp; latin america, europe, and middle east &amp; africa.
(5)   includes north american - all and international - all.
29
2018 compared to 2017
comparable company-operated properties revpar                              occupancy                        average daily rate
2018                                                        vs. 2017          2018          vs. 2017          2018                           vs. 2017
north american full-service (1)        $169.44            2.2      %      76.1   %       (0.1     )%   pts.         $222.60                2.3      %
north american limited-service (2)     $109.72            0.3      %      74.9   %       (0.4     )%   pts.         $146.55                0.8      %
north american - all (3)               $150.42            1.8      %      75.7   %       (0.2     )%   pts.         $198.66                2.0      %
asia pacific                           $107.43            7.5      %      73.5   %        2.2      %   pts.         $146.14                4.2      %
caribbean &amp; latin america          $131.52            8.6      %      64.8   %        0.1      %   pts.         $202.84                8.5      %
europe                                 $151.86            4.8      %      74.0   %        0.7      %   pts.         $205.15                3.8      %
middle east &amp; africa               $102.39           (1.8     )%      66.4   %        2.4      %   pts.         $154.17               (5.3     )%
international - all (4)                $118.86            5.2      %      71.6   %        1.7      %   pts.         $165.91                2.7      %
worldwide (5)                          $134.58            3.3      %      73.7   %        0.8      %   pts.         $182.67                2.2      %
comparable systemwide properties revpar                              occupancy                        average daily rate
2018                                                        vs. 2017          2018          vs. 2017          2018                           vs. 2017
north american full-service (1)        $143.64            2.1      %      73.8   %       (0.1     )%   pts.         $194.59                2.2      %
north american limited-service (2)      $99.29            0.9      %      74.3   %          -      %   pts.         $133.61                1.0      %
north american - all (3)               $118.51            1.5      %      74.1   %       (0.1     )%   pts.         $159.94                1.6      %
asia pacific                           $109.14            7.2      %      73.3   %        2.2      %   pts.         $148.90                4.0      %
caribbean &amp; latin america          $104.77            7.4      %      63.2   %        0.1      %   pts.         $165.71                7.3      %
europe                                 $134.10            5.8      %      73.0   %        1.4      %   pts.         $183.74                3.7      %
middle east &amp; africa                $98.38           (1.6     )%      66.1   %        2.0      %   pts.         $148.87               (4.6     )%
international - all (4)                $114.56            5.5      %      70.9   %        1.7      %   pts.         $161.48                3.0      %
worldwide (5)                          $117.37            2.6      %      73.2   %        0.4      %   pts.         $160.37                2.0      %
(1)   includes jw marriott, the ritz-carlton, w hotels, the luxury collection, st. regis, edition, marriott hotels, sheraton, westin, renaissance, autograph collection, delta hotels, gaylord hotels, and le méridien. systemwide also includes tribute portfolio.
(2)   includes courtyard, residence inn, fairfield by marriott, springhill suites, towneplace suites, four points, aloft, element, and ac hotels by marriott. systemwide also includes moxy.
(3)   includes north american full-service and north american limited-service.
(4)   includes asia pacific, caribbean &amp; latin america, europe, and middle east &amp; africa.
(5)   includes north american - all and international - all.
30
consolidated results the following discussion presents an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2019, 2018, and 2017.
our 2017 results were favorably impacted by the non-recurring gain on the disposition of our ownership interest in avendra, discussed in note 3. we committed to the owners of the hotels in our system that the benefits derived from avendra, including any dividends or sale proceeds above our original investment, would be used for the benefit of the hotels in our system. accordingly, in 2019 we used $118 million ($87 million after-tax) and in 2018 we used $115 million ($85 million after-tax) of the net proceeds, and we intend to use the remainder of the net proceeds, for the benefit of our system of hotels. spending under those plans is, and will be, expensed in the "reimbursed expenses" caption of our income statements, causing a reduction in our profitability in the periods it is expensed.
fee revenues
($ in millions)                             2019                2018                2017                    change 2019 vs. 2018                    change 2018 vs. 2017
base management fees                  $1,180              $1,140              $1,102                 $40                 4     %             $38                 3     %
franchise fees                         2,006               1,849               1,586                 157                 8     %             263                17     %
incentive management fees                637                 649                 607                 (12     )          (2    )%              42                 7     %
gross fee revenues                     3,823               3,638               3,295                 185                 5     %             343                10     %
contract investment amortization         (62   )             (58   )             (50   )               4                       %                                16     %
net fee revenues                      $3,761              $3,580              $3,245                $181                 5     %            $335                10     %
2019 compared to 2018
the $40 million increase in base management fees primarily reflected $31 million from unit growth and $15 million from revpar growth.
the $157 million increase in franchise fees primarily reflected $88 million from unit growth, $30 million of higher co-brand credit card fees, $23 million from ac hotels by marriott properties previously presented in the "equity in earnings" caption of our income statements, $16 million of higher application, relicensing, and other fees, and $15 million from properties that converted from managed to franchised, partially offset by $17 million of lower residential branding fees.
in 2019 and 2018, we earned incentive management fees from 72 percent of our managed properties worldwide. we earned incentive management fees from 57 percent of managed properties in north america and 81 percent of managed properties outside north america in 2019, compared to 59 percent in north america and 82 percent outside north america in 2018. in addition, 65 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2019 came from our managed properties outside north america versus 63 percent in 2018.
2018 compared to 2017
the $38 million increase in base management fees primarily reflected $29 million from unit growth and $28 million from revpar growth, partially offset by lower fees of $17 million from properties that converted from managed to franchised and $14 million from properties that were terminated.
the $263 million increase in franchise fees primarily reflected $143 million of higher branding fees, driven by $138 million of higher fees from our co-brand credit card agreements, $82 million from unit growth, $21 million from revpar growth, and $15 million from properties that converted from managed to franchised.
the $42 million increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected net higher profits at managed hotels and $14 million from unit growth.
in 2018, we earned incentive management fees from 72 percent of our managed properties worldwide versus 71 percent in 2017. we earned incentive management fees from 59 percent of managed properties in north america and 82 percent of managed properties outside north america in 2018, compared to 60 percent in north america and 80 percent outside north america in 2017. in addition, 63 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2018 came from our managed properties outside north america versus 62 percent in 2017.
31
owned, leased, and other
($ in millions)                                       2019   2018                2017                   change 2019 vs. 2018                change 2018 vs. 2017
owned, leased, and other revenue                $1,612              $1,635              $1,752          $(23        )            (1   )%    $(117       )            (7   )%
owned, leased, and other - direct expenses       1,316               1,306               1,411       10                   1           %     (105        )            (7   )%
$296                $329                $341          $(33        )           (10   )%    $(12        )            (4   )%
2019 compared to 2018
owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses decreased by $33 million, primarily due to $21 million of lower termination fees and $8 million net unfavorable impact from acquisitions and dispositions.
2018 compared to 2017
owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses decreased by $12 million, primarily due to $81 million of lower owned and leased profits attributable to properties sold, partially offset by $51 million of higher termination fees and $17 million of net stronger results at our remaining owned and leased properties.
cost reimbursements
($ in millions)                       2019   2018                2017                    change 2019 vs. 2018                    change 2018 vs. 2017
cost reimbursement revenue     $15,599             $15,543             $15,455           $56                       -   %         $88                        1   %
reimbursed expenses             16,439              15,778              15,228       661                           4   %     550                            4   %
$(840   )           $(235   )            $227           $(605       )           257   %         $(462       )           (204   )%
cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses, varies due to timing differences between the costs we incur for centralized programs and services and the related reimbursements we receive from hotel owners and franchisees. over the long term, our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively.
2019 compared to 2018
cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses, decreased $605 million, primarily due to lower loyalty program revenues net of expenses.
2018 compared to 2017
cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses, decreased $462 million, primarily due to lower loyalty program revenues net of expenses, spending funded by the proceeds from the 2017 sale of our interest in avendra, and higher expenses for reservations and marketing.
other operating expenses
($ in millions)                                2019              2018              2017                   change 2019 vs. 2018      change 2018 vs. 2017
depreciation, amortization, and other      $341              $226              $229               $115                51   %        $(3         )            (1   )%
general, administrative, and other          938               927               921                 11                 1   %     6                    1           %
merger-related costs and charges            138               155               159                (17     )         (11   )%       (4          )            (3   )%
2019 compared to 2018
depreciation, amortization, and other expenses increased by $115 million, primarily reflecting the $99 million asset impairment associated with the renaissance new york times square hotel lease and the $15 million impairment of the sheraton phoenix downtown.
general, administrative, and other expenses increased by $11 million, primarily due to $32 million of higher administrative costs, $18 million net unfavorable impact to our legal expenses associated with litigation resolutions, and $10 million of higher bad debt reserves, partially offset by $51 million due to the company-funded supplemental retirement savings plan contributions in 2018.
32
merger-related costs and charges decreased by $17 million, primarily due to $116 million of lower integration costs, partially offset by the $65 million accrual for the loss contingency related to the proposed ico fine discussed in note 7 and a $34 million impairment charge of a legacy-starwood office building accounted for as a finance lease.
2018 compared to 2017
general, administrative, and other expenses increased by $6 million, primarily due to $51 million of company-funded supplemental retirement savings plan contributions in 2018 and $20 million of higher professional fees, partially offset by administrative cost savings largely due to synergies associated with the starwood combination. company-funded supplemental retirement savings plan contributions represent an additional one-time contribution of up to $1,000 per eligible associate.
merger-related costs and charges decreased by $4 million, primarily due to $23 million of lower transaction and termination costs, partially offset by $19 million of higher integration costs.
non-operating income (expense)
($ in millions)                      2019              2018              2017                   change 2019 vs. 2018                   change 2018 vs. 2017
gains and other income, net      $154              $194              $688               $(40     )         (21   )%           $(494     )         (72    )%
interest expense                 (394   )          (340   )          (288   )             54                16   %               52                18     %
interest income                    26                22                38                  4                18   %              (16     )         (42    )%
equity in earnings                 13               103                40                (90     )         (87   )%              63               158     %
2019 compared to 2018
gains and other income, net decreased by $40 million, primarily due to the 2018 gains on our property sales ($132 million) and the 2018 gains on the sales of our interest in four equity method investments ($46 million), partially offset by the 2019 gains on our property sales ($134 million).
interest expense increased by $54 million, primarily due to higher interest on senior note issuances, net of maturities.
equity in earnings decreased by $90 million, primarily due to the 2018 gains on the sales of two properties held by equity method investees ($65 million) and lower earnings as a result of both the ac hotels by marriott transaction discussed in note 3, and dispositions of other investments ($19 million).
2018 compared to 2017
gains and other income, net decreased by $494 million, primarily due to the 2017 gain on the disposition of our ownership interest in avendra, net of a 2018 true-up ($653 million) and the 2017 gain on the sale of the charlotte marriott city center ($24 million), partially offset by 2018 gains on our property sales ($132 million) and sales of our interest in four equity method investments ($46 million).
interest expense increased by $52 million, primarily due to higher commercial paper interest rates and average borrowings.
interest income decreased by $16 million, primarily due to lower outstanding loan balances.
equity in earnings increased by $63 million, primarily due to our share of the gains on the sales of two properties held by equity method investees ($65 million).
income taxes
($ in millions)              2019          2018              2017                change 2019 vs. 2018                change 2018 vs. 2017
provision for income taxes   $(326     )       $(438     )       $(1,523     )   $(112       )           (26   )%    $(1,085     )           (71   )%
33
2019 compared to 2018
provision for income taxes decreased by $112 million, primarily due to lower operating income ($101 million), the prior year tax expense for uncertain tax positions ($30 million), the current year tax benefit from the impairment charges associated with the renaissance new york times square hotel lease and sheraton phoenix downtown ($29 million), the prior year state income tax expense for the future remittance of accumulated earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries ($27 million), and higher earnings in jurisdictions with lower tax rates ($15 million). the decrease was partially offset by lower benefits resulting from finalizing prior years' returns ($39 million), the prior year release of tax reserves ($34 million), and the prior year income tax consequences of an intercompany transaction ($18 million).
2018 compared to 2017
provision for income taxes decreased by $1,085 million, primarily due to the nonrecurring net tax expense in 2017 related to the 2017 tax act and the reduction of the u.s. federal tax rate in 2018 ($744 million), the prior year gain on the sale of our interest in avendra ($257 million), increased earnings in jurisdictions with lower tax rates ($57 million), lower operating income ($46 million), reduction of our one-time net tax charge related to the deemed repatriation transition tax ("transition tax") and the remeasurement of deferred income taxes ($41 million), the release of tax reserves due to the completion of certain examinations ($34 million), and the income tax consequences of an intercompany transaction ($18 million). the decrease was partially offset by the period's provisional estimate of tax for global intangible low-taxed income under the 2017 tax act ($34 million), tax expense incurred for uncertain tax positions relating to legacy-starwood operations ($30 million), an unfavorable comparison to a 2017 benefit due to tax law changes adopted in non-u.s. jurisdictions in 2017 ($18 million), the 2017 reversal of tax reserves related to interest accrued for previous periods ($15 million), net higher tax expense on dispositions ($13 million), and the 2017 release of a tax reserve due to the favorable settlement of a tax position ($12 million).
business segments the following discussion presents an analysis of the results of operations of our reportable business segments at year-end 2019: north american full-service, north american limited-service, and asia pacific. our europe, middle east and africa, and caribbean and latin america operating segments do not individually meet the criteria for separate disclosure as reportable segments, and accordingly we have not included those operations in this discussion of our business segments. see note 15 to our financial statements for other information about each segment, including revenues and a reconciliation of segment profits to net income.
north american full-service
($ in millions)             2019   2018                2017                change 2019 vs. 2018                change 2018 vs. 2017
segment revenues     $13,455             $13,072             $12,909       $383              3           %     $163              1           %
segment profits       $1,148              $1,153              $1,238       $(5         )           -     %     $(85        )            (7   )%
2019 compared to 2018
in 2019, across our north american full-service segment, we added 46 properties (8,746 rooms) and 13 properties (3,436 rooms) left our system.
north american full-service segment profits decreased by $5 million, primarily due to the following:
•   $117 million of higher depreciation, amortization, and other expenses, primarily reflecting impairment charges of $99 million for the renaissance new york times square hotel lease and $15 million for the sheraton phoenix downtown;
•   $14 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses;
•   $12 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting $8 million of lower termination fees; and
•   $12 million of lower equity in earnings, primarily due to a $10 million gain on an equity method investee's sale of a property in 2018;
partially offset by:
•   $110 million of higher gains and other income, net, primarily reflecting a $134 million gain on the sale of two properties in 2019, partially offset by a $22 million gain on the sale of two properties in 2018; and
34
•   $47 million of higher base management and franchise fees, primarily reflecting $31 million from unit growth and $20 million from revpar growth.
2018 compared to 2017
in 2018, across our north american full-service segment we added 44 properties (10,454 rooms) and 20 properties (6,923 rooms) left our system.
north american full-service segment profits decreased by $85 million, primarily due to the following:
•   $119 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses;
•   $24 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting $60 million of lower owned and leased profits attributable to properties sold, partially offset by $24 million of higher termination fees and $15 million of net stronger results at our remaining owned and leased properties; and
•   $1 million of lower gains and other income, net, primarily due to the 2017 gain on the sale of the charlotte marriott city center of $24 million, partially offset by the 2018 gain on the sale of two properties of $22 million;
partially offset by:
•   $45 million of higher base management and franchise fees, primarily reflecting $23 million from unit growth and $18 million from revpar growth; and
•   $13 million of lower general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily due to administrative cost savings largely due to synergies associated with the starwood combination.
north american limited-service
($ in millions)             2019   2018                2017                             change 2019 vs. 2018   change 2018 vs. 2017
segment revenues      $3,378              $3,217              $3,219            $161                 5     %   $(2         )           -     %
segment profits         $852                $786                $827             $66                 8     %   $(41        )           (5    )%
2019 compared to 2018
in 2019, across our north american limited-service segment we added 288 properties (34,990 rooms) and 31 properties (3,424 rooms) left our system.
north american limited-service segment profits increased by $66 million, primarily due to the following:
•   $74 million of higher base management and franchise fees, primarily reflecting $58 million from unit growth, and $18 million from ac hotels by marriott properties previously presented in the "equity in earnings" caption of our income statements;
partially offset by:
•   $11 million of lower incentive management fees, primarily driven by lower fees from a few portfolios of managed hotels.
2018 compared to 2017
in 2018, across our north american limited-service segment we added 281 properties (33,418 rooms) and 38 properties (3,415 rooms) left our system.
north american limited-service segment profits decreased by $41 million, primarily due to the following:
•   $100 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses;
partially offset by:
•   $63 million of higher base management and franchise fees, primarily reflecting $56 million from unit growth.
35
asia pacific
($ in millions)             2019   2018                2017                change 2019 vs. 2018                             change 2018 vs. 2017
segment revenues      $1,189              $1,118              $1,054       $71               6           %           $64                 6     %
segment profits         $369                $456                $361       $(87        )           (19   )%          $95                26     %
2019 compared to 2018
in 2019, across our asia pacific segment we added 78 properties (17,361 rooms) and 8 properties (2,328 rooms) left our system.
asia pacific segment profits decreased by $87 million, primarily due to the following changes:
•   $69 million of lower gains and other income, net, primarily due to a $57 million gain on 2018 property sales and a $13 million gain on sale of our interest in two equity method investments in 2018; and
•   $9 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses.
2018 compared to 2017
in 2018, across our asia pacific segment we added 82 properties (19,661 rooms) and 11 properties (3,399 rooms) left our system.
asia pacific segment profits increased by $95 million, primarily due to the following:
•   $71 million of higher gains and other income, net, primarily reflecting a $57 million gain on 2018 property sales and $13 million from gains on sale of our interest in two equity method investments;
•   $26 million of higher base management and franchise fees, primarily reflecting $16 million from unit growth; and
•   $22 million of higher incentive management fees, primarily driven by net higher profits at managed hotels;
partially offset by:
•   $29 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses.
share-based compensation see note 5 for more information.
new accounting standards see note 2 for information on our adoption of new accounting standards.
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements and our credit facility in the 2019 second quarter, we amended and restated our multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility") to extend the maturity date of the credit facility and increase the aggregate amount of available borrowings to up to $4.5 billion. the available borrowings support our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at libor plus a spread, based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. while any outstanding commercial paper borrowings and/or borrowings under our credit facility generally have short-term maturities, we classify the outstanding borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. the credit facility expires on june 28, 2024.
the credit facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage (consisting of the ratio of adjusted total debt to ebitda, each as defined in the credit facility) to not more than 4 to 1. the credit facility defines ebitda as net income less cost reimbursement revenue, plus reimbursed expenses, plus the sum of interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-recurring non-cash charges, and extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual cash charges, expenses or losses up to a certain amount.
36
our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios. we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the credit facility, and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and guarantee levels or increase those levels should we decide to do so in the future.
we believe the credit facility and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, finance our long-term growth plans, meet debt service, and fulfill other cash requirements.
we issue commercial paper in the u.s. we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper; therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. we reserve unused capacity under our credit facility to repay outstanding commercial paper borrowings if the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when outstanding borrowings mature. we do not expect that fluctuations in the demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity, given our borrowing capacity under the credit facility.
at year-end 2019, our available borrowing capacity amounted to $1,522 million and reflected borrowing capacity of $1,297 million under our credit facility and our cash balance of $225 million. we calculated that borrowing capacity by taking $4.5 billion of effective aggregate bank commitments under our credit facility and subtracting $3,203 million of outstanding commercial paper (there being no outstanding letters of credit under our credit facility).
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans and fund our liquidity needs. we expect to continue meeting part of our financing and liquidity needs primarily through commercial paper borrowings, issuances of senior notes, and access to long-term committed credit facilities. if conditions in the lodging industry deteriorate, or if disruptions in the capital markets take place as they did in the immediate aftermath of both the 2008 worldwide financial crisis and the events of september 11, 2001, we may be unable to place some or all of our commercial paper on a temporary or extended basis and may have to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility, which we believe will be adequate to fund our liquidity needs, including repayment of debt obligations, but which may carry a higher cost than commercial paper. since we continue to have ample flexibility under the credit facility's covenants, we expect that undrawn bank commitments under the credit facility will remain available to us even if business conditions were to deteriorate markedly.
cash from operations cash from operations for the last three fiscal years are as follows:
($ in millions)                 2019   2018                2017
cash from operations      $1,685              $2,357              $2,227
the $672 million decrease in cash from operations was primarily due to lower operating income, largely due to timing differences between the costs incurred for centralized programs and services, including our loyalty program, and the related reimbursements we received from hotel owners and franchisees in 2019, as well as changes in working capital.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2019 and 0.4 to 1.0 at year-end 2018. we have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
investing activities cash flows capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital expenditures of $653 million in 2019, $556 million in 2018, and $240 million in 2017. capital expenditures in 2019 increased by $97 million compared to 2018, primarily reflecting the 2019 acquisitions of w new york - union square and elegant and net higher spending on several owned and leased properties, partially offset by the 2018 acquisition of the sheraton phoenix downtown. capital expenditures in 2018 increased by $316 million compared to 2017, primarily reflecting the 2018 acquisition of the sheraton phoenix downtown, improvements to our worldwide systems, and net higher spending on several owned properties.
we expect spending on capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $700 million to $800 million for 2020, including contract acquisition costs, equity and other investments, loan advances, and various capital expenditures (including approximately $200 million for maintenance capital spending).
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. in the starwood combination, we acquired various hotels and joint venture interests in various hotels, many of which we have sold or are seeking to sell. we have made, and expect to continue making selective and
37
opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations (such as our 2018 acquisition of the sheraton phoenix downtown and our 2019 acquisitions of the w new york - union square and elegant), new construction, loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments. over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements.
fluctuations in the values of hotel real estate generally have little impact on our overall business results because: (1) we own less than one percent of hotels that we operate or franchise; (2) management and franchise fees are generally based upon hotel revenues and profits rather than current hotel property values; and (3) our management agreements generally do not terminate upon hotel sale or foreclosure.
dispositions. property and asset sales generated $395 million cash proceeds in 2019 and $479 million in 2018. see note 3 for more information on dispositions.
loan activity. from time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan collections, net of loan advances, amounted to $21 million in 2019, compared to net collections of $35 million in 2018. at year-end 2019, we had $126 million of senior, mezzanine, and other loans outstanding, compared to $131 million outstanding at year-end 2018.
equity method investments. cash outflows of $23 million in 2019, $72 million in 2018, and $62 million in 2017 for equity method investments primarily reflect our investments in several joint ventures.
financing activities cash flows debt. debt increased by $1,593 million in 2019, to $10,940 million at year-end 2019 from $9,347 million at year-end 2018, primarily due to the issuance of our series bb, cc and dd notes and higher outstanding commercial paper borrowings ($951 million), partially offset by the maturity of our series k notes ($600 million) and series t notes ($181 million). see note 9 for additional information on the debt issuances.
our financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2019, our long-term debt had a weighted average interest rate of 2.9 percent and a weighted average maturity of approximately 4.7 years. the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2019.
see the "cash requirements and our credit facility," caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section for more information on our credit facility.
share repurchases. we purchased 17.3 million shares of our common stock in 2019 at an average price of $130.79 per share, 21.5 million shares in 2018 at an average price of $130.67 per share, and 29.2 million shares in 2017 at an average price of $103.66 per share. at year-end 2019, 18.4 million shares remained available for repurchase under board approved authorizations. for additional information, see "fourth quarter 2019 issuer purchases of equity securities" in part ii, item 5.
dividends. our board of directors declared the following quarterly cash dividends in 2019: (1) $0.41 per share declared on february 15, 2019 and paid march 29, 2019 to shareholders of record on march 1, 2019, (2) $0.48 per share declared on may 10, 2019 and paid june 28, 2019 to shareholders of record on may 24, 2019, (3) $0.48 per share declared on august 8, 2019 and paid september 30, 2019 to shareholders of record on august 22, 2019, and (4) $0.48 per share declared on november 7, 2019 and paid december 31, 2019 to shareholders of record on november 21, 2019. our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.48 per share on february 14, 2020, payable on march 31, 2020 to shareholders of record on february 28, 2020.
38
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at year-end 2019:
payments due by period
($ in millions)                                             total             less than1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years             after5 years debt (1)                                              $11,977                  $1,228                  $3,188                $4,704                  $2,857
finance lease obligations (1)                             217                      13                                                                   151
operating leases where we are the primary obligor       1,310                     173                     336                   222                     579
purchase obligations                                      276                     116                     160                     -                       -
other noncurrent liabilities                              128                       -                      53                    16                      59
total contractual obligations                         $13,908                  $1,530                  $3,763                $4,969                  $3,646
(1)   includes principal as well as interest payments.
the preceding table does not reflect projected transition tax payments totaling $447 million as a result of the 2017 tax act at year-end 2019. in addition, the table does not reflect unrecognized tax benefits at year-end 2019 of $570 million.
in addition to the purchase obligations noted in the preceding table, in the normal course of business we enter into purchase commitments to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since we are reimbursed from the cash flows of the hotels, these obligations have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
other commitments the following table summarizes our guarantee, investment, and loan commitments at year-end 2019:
($ in millions)                                                      totalamountscommitted            less than1 year            1-3 years            3-5 years            after5 years guarantee commitments (expiration by period)                                $299                           $4                    $86                  $63                   $146
investment and loan commitments (expected funding by period)                  55             34                         17                   2                    2
total other commitments                                                     $354                          $38                   $103                  $65                   $148
in conjunction with financing obtained for specific projects or properties owned by joint ventures in which we are a party, we may provide industry standard indemnifications to the lender for loss, liability, or damage occurring as a result of our actions or the actions of the other joint venture owner.
in addition, we granted a hotel owner a one-time right to require us to purchase the leasehold interest in the land and hotel for $300 million in cash, exercisable in 2022. see note 7 for more information.
for further information, including the nature of the commitments and their expirations, see the "commitments" caption in note 7.
letters of credit at year-end 2019, we had $145 million of letters of credit outstanding (all outside the credit facility, as defined in note 9), most of which were for our self-insurance programs. surety bonds issued as of year-end 2019 totaled $160 million, most of which state governments requested in connection with our self-insurance programs.
related party transactions equity method investments we have equity method investments in entities that own properties for which we provide management services and receive fees. in addition, in some cases we provide loans, preferred equity, or guarantees to these entities.
other related parties we provide management services for and receive fees from properties owned by jwm family enterprises, l.p., which is beneficially owned and controlled by j.w. marriott, jr., deborah marriott harrison, and other members of the marriott family.
39
for more information, including the impact to our financial statements of transactions with these related parties, see note 16.
critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting policy and estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
see note 2 for further information related to our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
loyalty program, including how we estimate the breakage of hotel points, credit card points, and free night certificates, the volume of points and free night certificates that will be issued under our co-brand credit card agreements, the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled under our co-brand credit card agreements, and the stand-alone selling prices of goods and services provided under our co-brand credit card agreements;
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill;
intangibles and long-lived assets, including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets;
investments, including information on how we evaluate the fair value of investments and when we record impairment losses on investments;
income taxes, including information on how we determine our current year amounts payable or refundable and our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities; and business combinations, including the assumptions that we make to estimate the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to discount rates, royalty rates, and the amount and timing of future cash flows.
