item 1a.    risk factors.
there are a number of business risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. these risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ from past performance or expected results. we consider the following risks and uncertainties to be most relevant to our specific business activities. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe to be immaterial, also may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial position.
our business relies on residential repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, on new home construction activity, both of which are impacted by a number of economic factors and the housing market.
our business relies on residential repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, on new home construction activity. a number of factors impact consumers' spending on home improvement projects as well as new home construction activity, including:
•   consumer confidence levels;
•   fluctuations in home prices;
•   existing home sales;
•   unemployment and underemployment levels;
•   consumer income and debt levels;
•   household formation;
•   the availability of home equity loans and mortgages and the interest rates for and tax deductibility of such loans;
•   the availability of skilled tradespeople for repair and remodeling work;
•   trends in lifestyle and housing design; and
•   weather and natural disasters.
the fundamentals driving our business are impacted by economic cycles. adverse changes or uncertainty involving the factors listed above or an economic downturn in the united states or worldwide could result in a decline in spending on residential repair and remodeling activity and a decline in demand for new home construction, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
we could lose market share if we do not maintain our strong brands, develop innovative products or respond to changing purchasing practices and consumer preferences or if our reputation is damaged.
our competitive advantage is due, in part, to our ability to maintain our strong brands and to develop and introduce innovative new and improved products. our initiatives to invest in brand building, brand awareness and product innovation may not be successful. the uncertainties associated with developing and introducing innovative and improved products, such as gauging changing consumer demands and preferences and successfully developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling these products, may impact the success of our product introductions. if the products we introduce do not gain widespread acceptance or if our competitors improve their products more rapidly or effectively than we do, we could lose market share or be required to reduce our prices, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position.
in recent years, consumer purchasing practices and preferences have shifted and our customers' business models and strategies have changed. as our customers execute their strategies to reach end consumers through multiple channels, they rely on us to support their efforts with our infrastructure, including maintaining robust and user-friendly websites with sufficient content for consumer research and providing comprehensive supply chain solutions and differentiated product development. if we are unable to successfully provide this support to our customers or if our customers are unable to successfully execute their strategies, our brands may lose market share.
if we do not timely and effectively identify and respond to changing consumer preferences, including a shift in consumer purchasing practices toward e-commerce, our relationships with our customers and with consumers could be harmed, the demand for our brands and products could be reduced and our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
our public image and reputation are important to maintaining our strong brands and could be adversely affected by various factors, including product quality and service, claims and comments in social media or the press, or negative publicity regarding disputes or legal action against us, even if unfounded. damage to our public image or reputation could adversely affect our sales and results of operations and financial position.
we face significant competition and operate in an evolving competitive landscape.
our products face significant competition. we believe that brand reputation is an important factor affecting product selection and that we compete on the basis of product features, innovation, quality, customer service, warranty and price. we sell many of our products through home center retailers, online retailers, distributors and independent dealers and rely on these customers to market and promote our products to consumers. our success with our customers is dependent on our ability to provide quality products and timely delivery. in addition, home center retailers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and remodelers, are increasingly selling directly to professional contractors and installers, which may adversely affect our margins on our products that contractors and installers would otherwise buy through our dealers and wholesalers.
certain of our customers are increasingly selling products sourced from low‐cost foreign manufacturers under their own private label brands, which directly compete with our brands. as this trend continues, we may experience lower demand for our products or a shift in the mix of some products we sell toward more value‐priced or opening price point products, which may affect our profitability.
in addition, we face competitive pricing pressure in the marketplace, including sales promotion programs, that could affect our market share or result in price reductions, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position.
further, the growing e‐commerce channel brings an increased number of competitors and greater pricing transparency for consumers, as well as conflicts between our existing distribution channels and a need for different distribution methods. these factors could affect our results of operations and financial position. in addition, our relationships with our customers, including our home center customers, may be affected if we increase the amount of business we transact in the e-commerce channel.
if we are unable to maintain our competitive position in our industries, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
our sales are concentrated with two significant customers.
as a result of the divestiture of our windows business in 2019 and the expected divestiture of our cabinetry business, the mix of our business operations has changed and the concentration of our sales to our two largest customers has increased and may continue to increase. in 2019, our net sales from our continuing operations to the home depot were $2.5 billion (approximately 37 percent of our consolidated net sales), and our net sales from our continuing operations to lowe's were less than 10 percent of our consolidated net sales. these home center retailers can significantly affect the prices we receive for our products and the terms and conditions on which we do business with them. additionally, these home center retailers may reduce the number of vendors from which they purchase and could make significant changes in their volume of purchases from us. although other retailers, dealers, distributors and homebuilders represent other channels of distribution for our products and services, we might not be able to quickly replace, if at all, the loss of a substantial portion of our sales to the home depot or the loss of all of our sales to lowe's, and any such loss would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.
in addition, these home center retailers are granted product exclusivity from time to time, which affects our ability to sell products to other customers and increases the complexity of our product offerings and our costs.
variability in the cost of our raw materials, component parts and finished goods, including the imposition of tariffs could affect our results of operations and financial position.
we purchase substantial amounts of raw materials, component parts and finished goods from outside sources, including international sources, and we manufacture certain of our products outside of the united states. increases in the cost of the materials we purchase have in the past and may in the future increase the prices for our products, including as a result of new significant tariffs. for example, the recent trade dispute between the united states and china has resulted in increased tariffs which raised the cost of certain of our materials. there is a risk that additional tariffs on imports from china or new tariffs could be imposed, which could further increase the cost of the materials we purchase or import or the products we manufacture internationally. further, our production could be affected if we or our suppliers are unable to procure our requirements for various commodities, including, among others, brass, resins, titanium dioxide and zinc, or if a shortage of these commodities results in significantly increased costs. rising energy costs could also increase our production and transportation costs. in addition, water is a significant component of our architectural coatings products and may be subject to restrictions in certain regions. these factors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
it can be difficult for us to pass on to customers our cost increases. our existing arrangements with customers, competitive considerations and customer resistance to price increases may delay or make us unable to adjust selling prices. if we are not able to sufficiently increase the prices of our products or achieve cost savings to offset increased material and production costs, including the impact of increasing tariffs, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. increased selling prices for our products have and may in the future lead to sales declines and loss of market share, particularly if those prices are not competitive. when our material costs decline, we have experienced and may in the future receive pressure from our customers to reduce our prices. such reductions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
from time to time we enter into long-term agreements with certain significant suppliers to help ensure continued availability of the commodities we require to produce our products and to establish firm pricing, but at times these contractual commitments may result in our paying above market prices for commodities during the term of the contract. occasionally, we may also use derivative instruments, including commodity futures and swaps. this strategy increases the possibility that we may make commitments for these commodities at prices that subsequently exceed their market prices, which has occurred and could occur in the future and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
we are dependent on third-party suppliers.
we are dependent on third‐party suppliers for many of our products and components, and our ability to offer a wide variety of products depends on our ability to obtain an adequate and timely supply of these products and components. failure of our suppliers to timely provide us quality products on commercially reasonable terms, or to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, or our policies regarding our supplier business practices, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position or could damage our reputation. sourcing these products and components from alternate suppliers, including suppliers from new geographic regions, is time-consuming and costly and could result in inefficiencies or delays in our business operations. accordingly, the loss of critical suppliers, or a substantial decrease in the availability of products or components from our suppliers, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
many of the suppliers we rely upon are located in foreign countries. the differences in business practices, shipping and delivery requirements, changes in economic conditions and trade policies and laws and regulations, together with the limited number of suppliers, have increased the complexity of our supply chain logistics and the potential for interruptions in our production scheduling. if we are unable to effectively manage our supply chain or if there is a disruption in transporting the products or components, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
there are risks associated with our international operations and global strategies.
in 2019, 21 percent of our sales from continuing operations were made outside of north america (principally in europe) and transacted in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. in addition to our european operations, we manufacture products in asia and source products and components from third parties globally. risks associated with our international operations include changes in political, monetary and social environments, economic conditions, labor conditions and practices, the laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments, social and political unrest, terrorist attacks, cultural differences and differences in enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights.
we are also affected by domestic and international laws applicable to companies doing business abroad or importing and exporting goods and materials. these include tax laws, laws regulating competition, anti‐bribery/anti‐corruption and other business practices, and trade regulations, including duties and tariffs. compliance with these laws is costly, and future changes to these laws may require significant management attention and disrupt our operations. additionally, while it is difficult to assess what changes may occur and the relative effect on our international tax structure, significant changes in how u.s. and foreign jurisdictions tax cross‐border transactions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
our results of operations and financial position are also impacted by changes in currency exchange rates. unfavorable currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, the british pound sterling, the canadian dollar and the chinese yuan renminbi, have in the past adversely affected us, and could adversely affect us in the future. fluctuations in currency exchange rates may present challenges in comparing operating performance from period to period.
additionally, as the situation involving the united kingdom's decision to exit from the european union continues to develop, we could experience volatility in the currency exchange rates or a change in the demand for our products and services, particularly in our u.k. and european markets, or there could be disruption of our operations and our customers' and suppliers' businesses.
we may not achieve all of the anticipated benefits of our strategic initiatives.
we continue to pursue our strategic initiatives of investing in our brands, developing innovative products, and focusing on operational excellence through the masco operating system, our methodology to drive growth and productivity. these initiatives are designed to grow revenue, improve profitability and increase shareholder value over the mid‐ to long‐term. our business performance and results could be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully execute these initiatives or if we are unable to execute these initiatives in a timely and efficient manner. we could also be adversely affected if we have not appropriately prioritized and balanced our initiatives or if we are unable to effectively manage change throughout our organization.
we may not be able to successfully execute our acquisition strategy or integrate businesses that we acquire.
pursuing the acquisition of businesses complementary to our portfolio is a component of our strategy for future growth. if we are not able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate potential acquisitions within a desired time frame or at acceptable terms and prices, our long‐term competitive positioning may be affected. even if we are successful in acquiring businesses, the businesses we acquire may not be able to achieve the revenue, profitability or growth we anticipate, or we may experience challenges and risks in integrating these businesses into our existing business. such risks include:
•   difficulties realizing expected synergies and economies of scale;
•   diversion of management attention and our resources;
•   unforeseen liabilities;
•   issues or conflicts with our new or existing customers or suppliers; and
•   difficulties in retaining critical employees of the acquired businesses.
future foreign acquisitions may also increase our exposure to foreign currency risks and risks associated with interpretation and enforcement of foreign regulations. our failure to address these risks could cause us to incur additional costs and fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
the long-term performance of our businesses relies on our ability to attract, develop and retain talented personnel.
to be successful, we must invest significant resources to attract, develop and retain highly qualified, talented and diverse employees at all levels, who have the experience, knowledge and expertise to implement our strategic initiatives. we compete for employees with a broad range of employers in many different industries, including large multinational firms, and we may fail in recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining them, particularly with low unemployment levels in the united states. from time to time, we have been affected by a shortage of qualified personnel in certain geographic areas. our growth, competitive position and results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected by our failure to attract, develop and retain key employees, to build strong leadership teams, or to develop effective succession planning to assure smooth transitions of those employees and the knowledge and expertise they possess, or by a shortage of qualified employees.
we rely on information systems and technology, and a breakdown of these systems could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
we rely on many information systems and technology to process, transmit, store and manage information to support our business activities. we may be adversely affected if our information systems breakdown, fail, or are no longer supported. in addition to the consequences that may occur from interruptions in our systems, increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted attacks pose a risk to our information technology systems.
we have implemented security policies, processes and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information and disruption of our operations. despite these efforts, our systems have been and may in the future be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to cybersecurity attacks by unauthorized access, malware, ransomware, undetected intrusion, hardware failures, or other events, and in these circumstances our disaster recovery plans may be ineffective or inadequate. these breaches or intrusions have led and could in the future lead to business interruption, production or operational downtime, product shipment delays, exposure or loss of proprietary, confidential, personal or financial information, data corruption, an inability to report our financial results in a timely manner, damage to the reputation of our brands, damage to our relationships with our customers and suppliers, exposure to litigation, and increased costs associated with the remediation and mitigation of such attacks. such events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. in addition, we could be adversely affected if any of our significant customers or suppliers experiences any similar events that disrupt their business operations or damage their reputation.
we may not experience the anticipated benefits from our investments in new technology.
we continue to invest in new technology systems throughout our company, including implementations of enterprise resource planning ("erp") systems at our business units. erp implementations are complex and require significant management oversight, and we have experienced, and may continue to experience, unanticipated expenses and interruptions to our operations during these implementations. our results of operations and financial position, as well as the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, could be adversely affected if we do not appropriately select and implement our new technology systems in a timely manner or if we experience significant unanticipated expenses or disruptions in connection with the implementation of erp systems.
claims and litigation could be costly.
we are involved in various claims and litigation, including class actions, mass torts and regulatory proceedings, that arise in the ordinary course of our business and that could have a material adverse effect on us. the types of matters may include, among others: competition, product liability, employment, warranty, advertising, contract, personal injury, environmental, intellectual property, product compliance and insurance coverage. the outcome and effect of these matters are inherently unpredictable, and defending and resolving them can be costly and can divert management's attention. we have and may continue to incur significant costs as a result of claims and litigation.
we are also subject to product safety regulations, product recalls and direct claims for product liability that can result in significant costs and, regardless of the ultimate outcome, create adverse publicity and damage the reputation of our brands and business. also, we rely on other manufacturers to provide products or components for products that we sell. due to the difficulty of controlling the quality of products and components we source from other manufacturers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products and to limitations on our recourse against such suppliers.
we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks of loss resulting from claims and litigation. the levels of insurance we maintain may not be adequate to fully cover our losses or liabilities. if any significant accident, judgment, claim or other event is not fully insured or indemnified against, it could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
refer to note t to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for additional information about litigation involving our businesses.
compliance with laws, government regulation and industry standards is costly, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to:
•   securities matters;
•   taxation;
•   anti-bribery/anti-corruption;
•   employment matters;
•   minimum wage requirements;
•   health and safety;
•   the protection of employees and consumers;
•   product compliance;
•   competition practices;
•   trade, including duties and tariffs;
•   data privacy and the collection and storage of information; and
•   climate change and environmental issues.
in addition to complying with current requirements and known future requirements, even more stringent requirements could be imposed on us in the future.
as we sell new types of products or existing products in new geographic areas or channels or for new applications, we are subject to the requirements applicable to those sales. additionally, some of our products must be certified by industry organizations. compliance with new or changed laws, regulations and industry standards may require us to alter our product designs, our manufacturing processes, our packaging or our sourcing. these compliance activities are costly and require significant management attention and resources. if we do not effectively and timely comply with such regulations and industry standards, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
we may not be able to adequately protect or prevent the unauthorized use of our intellectual property.
protecting our intellectual property is important to our growth and innovation efforts. we own a number of patents, trade names, brand names and other forms of intellectual property in our products and manufacturing processes throughout the world. there can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights will prevent violations. our intellectual property has been and may again be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights are not highly developed or protected. in addition, the global nature of our business increases the risk that we may be unable to obtain or maintain our intellectual property rights on reasonable terms. furthermore, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us. current and former employees, contractors, customers or suppliers have or may have had access to proprietary or confidential information regarding our business operations that could harm us if used by them, or disclosed to others, including our competitors. protecting and defending our intellectual property could be costly, time consuming and require significant resources. if we are not able to protect our existing intellectual property rights, or prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, sales of our products may be affected and we may experience reputational damage to our brand names, increased litigation costs and adverse impact to our competitive position, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
restrictive covenants in our credit agreement could limit our financial flexibility.
we must comply with both financial and nonfinancial covenants in our credit agreement, and in order to borrow under it, we cannot be in default with any of those provisions. our ability to borrow under the credit agreement could be affected if our earnings significantly decline to a level where we are not in compliance with the financial covenants or if we default on any nonfinancial covenants. in the past, we have been able to amend the covenants in our credit agreement, but there can be no assurance that in the future we would be able to further amend them. if we were unable to borrow under our credit agreement, our financial flexibility could be restricted.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the financial and business analysis below provides information which we believe is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. this financial and business analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes.
the following discussion and certain other sections of this report contain statements that reflect our views about our future performance and constitute "forward-looking statements" under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "outlook," "believe," "anticipate," "appear," "may," "will," "should," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "assume," "seek," "forecast," and similar references to future periods. our views about future performance involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in our forward-looking statements. we caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements.
in addition to the various factors included in the "executive level overview," "critical accounting policies and estimates" and "outlook for the company" sections, our future performance may be affected by the levels of residential repair and remodel activity and new home construction, our ability to maintain our strong brands and reputation and to develop innovative products, our ability to maintain our competitive position in our industries, our reliance on key customers, the cost and availability of materials and the imposition of tariffs, our dependence on third-party suppliers, risks associated with our international operations and global strategies, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of our strategic initiatives, including the pending divestiture of our masco cabinetry business, our ability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy and integrate businesses that we have and may acquire, our ability to attract, develop and retain talented personnel, risks associated with our reliance on information systems and technology, and our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits from our investments in new technology. these and other factors are discussed in detail in item 1a "risk factors" of this report. any forward-looking statement made by us speaks only as of the date on which it was made. factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
executive level overview we design, manufacture and distribute branded home improvement and building products. these products are sold primarily for repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, new home construction. we sell our products through home center retailers, online retailers, mass merchandisers, hardware stores, homebuilders, distributors, and direct to the consumer.
2019 results net sales were positively impacted by increased net selling prices across our two segments and the acquisition of the l.d. kichler co. ("kichler") in march 2018. such increases were partially offset by a decrease in volume, primarily in our decorative architectural products segment and unfavorable foreign currency translation.
our plumbing products segment was negatively impacted by an increase in other expenses (such as salaries, marketing spend and severance charges), an increase in commodity costs, unfavorable foreign currency translation, and higher depreciation expense. these negative impacts were partially offset by increased net selling prices and the benefits associated with cost savings initiatives. our decorative architectural products segment was positively impacted by increased net selling prices across the segment, the absence of the recognition of the inventory step-up adjustment established as part of the 2018 kichler acquisition, and the benefits associated with cost savings initiatives. these positive impacts were partially offset by an increase in commodity costs and lower sales volume across the segment, an increase in strategic growth investments and a non-cash impairment charge related to an other indefinite-lived intangible asset for a trademark associated with lighting products.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of any contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we regularly review our estimates and assumptions, which are based upon historical experience, as well as current economic conditions and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions.
note a to the consolidated financial statements includes our accounting policies, estimates and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
we believe that the following critical accounting policies are affected by significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition and receivables we recognize revenue as control of our products is transferred to our customers, which is generally at the time of shipment or upon delivery based on the contractual terms with our customers. we provide customer programs and incentive offerings, including special pricing and co-operative advertising arrangements, promotions and other volume-based incentives. these customer programs and incentives are considered variable consideration. we include in revenue variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the variable consideration is resolved. this determination is made based upon known customer program and incentive offerings at the time of sale, and expected sales volume forecasts as it relates to our volume-based incentives. this determination is updated each reporting period.
we monitor our exposure for credit losses on customer receivable balances and the credit worthiness of our customers on an on-going basis and maintain allowances for doubtful accounts receivable for estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make required payments. allowances are estimated based upon specific customer balances, where a risk of default has been identified, and also include a provision for non-customer specific defaults based upon historical collection, return and write-off activity. a separate allowance is recorded for customer incentive rebates and is generally based upon sales activity.
goodwill and other intangible assets we record the excess of purchase cost over the fair value of net tangible assets of acquired companies as goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets. in the fourth quarter of each year, or as events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount, we primarily complete the impairment testing of goodwill utilizing a discounted cash flow method. we selected the discounted cash flow methodology because we believe that it is comparable to what would be used by market participants. for our masco cabinetry reporting unit, we utilized a market approach to determine its fair value instead of the discounted cash flow method, as we were actively marketing the masco cabinetry business for sale and on november 14, 2019 we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the business. we have defined our reporting units and completed the impairment testing of goodwill at the operating segment level.
determining market values using a discounted cash flow method requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, including long-term projections of cash flows, market conditions and appropriate discount rates. our judgments are based upon historical experience, current market trends, consultations with external valuation specialists and other information. while we believe that the estimates and assumptions underlying the valuation methodology are reasonable, different estimates and assumptions could result in different outcomes. in estimating future cash flows, we rely on internally generated five-year forecasts for sales and operating profits, and, currently, a two to three percent long-term assumed annual growth rate of cash flows for periods after the five-year forecast. we generally develop these forecasts based upon, among other things, recent sales data for existing products, planned timing of new product launches, estimated repair and remodel activity and estimated housing starts. our assumptions included a relatively stable u.s. gross domestic product growing at approximately 1.9 percent per annum and a eurozone gross domestic product growing at approximately 1.0 percent per annum over the five-year forecast.
we utilize our weighted average cost of capital of approximately 8.0 percent as the basis to determine the discount rate to apply to the estimated future cash flows. our weighted average cost of capital decreased in 2019 as compared to 2018, primarily due to declining interest rates and lower long-term market growth outlooks. in 2019, based upon our assessment of the risks impacting each of our businesses, we applied a risk premium to increase the discount rate to a range of 10.0 percent to 12.0 percent for our reporting units.
if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that a reporting unit's recorded carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill in that reporting unit.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we estimated that future discounted cash flows projected for all of our reporting units were greater than the carrying values. accordingly, we did not recognize any impairment charges for goodwill. a 10 percent decrease in the estimated fair value of our reporting units would have resulted in a $35 million impairment to one of our reporting units.
we review our other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, in the fourth quarter, or as events occur or circumstances change that indicate the assets may be impaired without regard to the business unit. potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of an other indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying value. we utilize a relief-from-royalty model to estimate the fair value of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. we consider the implications of both external (e.g., market growth, competition and local economic conditions) and internal (e.g., product sales and expected product growth) factors and their potential impact on cash flows related to the intangible asset in both the near- and long-term. we also consider the profitability of the business, among other factors, to determine the royalty rate for use in the impairment assessment.
we utilize our weighted average cost of capital of approximately 8.0 percent as the basis to determine the discount rate to apply to the estimated future cash flows. in 2019, based upon our assessment of the risks impacting each of our businesses, we applied a risk premium to increase the discount rate to a range of 11.0 percent to 13.0 percent for our other indefinite-lived intangible assets.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we estimated that future discounted cash flows projected for our other indefinite-lived intangible assets were greater than the carrying values. accordingly, we did not recognize any impairment charges for other indefinite-lived intangible assets. a 10 percent decrease in the estimated fair value of our other indefinite-lived intangible assets would have resulted in a $3 million impairment for one of our trade names.
employee retirement plans as of january 1, 2010, substantially all our domestic and foreign qualified and domestic non-qualified defined-benefit pension plans were frozen to future benefit accruals.
accounting for defined-benefit pension plans involves estimating the cost of benefits to be provided in the future, based upon vested years of service, and attributing those costs over the time period each employee works. we develop our pension costs and obligations from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions regarding expected return on plan assets, mortality rates and discount rates for obligations and expenses. we consider current market conditions, including changes in interest rates, in selecting these assumptions. while we believe that the estimates and assumptions underlying the valuation methodology are reasonable, different estimates and assumptions could result in different reported pension costs and obligations within our consolidated financial statements.
in december 2019, our board of directors approved the termination of our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans. as a result of this decision, the projected benefit obligations for these plans were increased to reflect the incremental costs to terminate the plans. upon termination in 2021, we expect to recognize from accumulated other comprehensive loss approximately $420 million of pre-tax actuarial losses and approximately $90 million of income tax benefit, which includes approximately $11 million of tax expense from the elimination of a disproportionate tax effect.
in december 2019, our discount rate for obligations decreased to a weighted average of 2.5 percent from 3.8 percent. the discount rate for obligations is based primarily upon the expected duration of each defined-benefit pension plan's liabilities matched to the december 31, 2019 willis towers watson rate link curve. for our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans, the projected benefit obligations include the estimated incremental cost related to the termination. for these plans, the discount rate was then set equal to the discount rate that results in the same projected benefit obligation resulting from the normal projected benefit obligation calculation plus the estimated incremental cost to terminate. the discount rates we use for our defined-benefit pension plans ranged from 1.1 percent to 3.0 percent, with the most significant portion of the liabilities having a discount rate for obligations of 2.4 percent or higher. the assumed asset return was primarily 3.0 percent, reflecting the expected long-term return on plan assets based upon an analysis of expected and historical rates of return of various asset classes utilizing the current and long-term target asset allocation of the plan assets.
the net underfunded amount for our qualified defined-benefit pension plans, which is the difference between the projected benefit obligation and plan assets, increased to $254 million at december 31, 2019 from $226 million at december 31, 2018. our projected benefit obligation for our unfunded, non-qualified, defined-benefit pension plans increased to $161 million at december 31, 2019 from $155 million at december 31, 2018. these unfunded plans are not subject to the funding requirements of the pension protection act of 2006. in accordance with the pension protection act, the adjusted funding target attainment percentage for the various defined-benefit pension plans ranges from 90 percent to 119 percent.
the increase in our qualified defined-benefit pension plan projected benefit obligation was primarily impacted by a decrease in the discount rate. during 2019, we contributed $56 million to our qualified defined-benefit pension plans, and our qualified defined-benefit pension plan assets had a positive return of 17.7 percent. refer to note m to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we expect pension expense for our qualified defined-benefit pension plans to be $30 million in 2020 compared with $16 million in 2019. if we assumed that the future return on plan assets was 50 basis points lower than the assumed asset return and the discount rate decreased by 50 basis points, the 2020 pension expense would increase by $5 million. assuming a 0 percent asset return for our qualified domestic defined-benefit pension plans, projected 2020 total qualified defined-benefit pension plan expenses are expected to be approximately $37 million. we expect pension expense for our non-qualified defined-benefit pension plans to be $8 million in 2020, consistent with the pension expense recognized in 2019.
we anticipate that we will be required to contribute approximately $23 million in 2020 to our qualified and non-qualified defined-benefit plans; however, we currently anticipate contributing approximately $64 million in 2020. refer to note m to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the funding of our plans.
income taxes deferred taxes are recognized based on the future tax consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying value of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. the future realization of deferred tax assets depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in future periods. possible sources of taxable income include taxable income in carryback periods, the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences recorded as a deferred tax liability, tax-planning strategies that generate future income or gains in excess of anticipated losses in the carryforward period and projected future taxable income.
if, based upon all available evidence, both positive and negative, it is more likely than not (more than 50 percent likely) such deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded. significant weight is given to positive and negative evidence that is objectively verifiable. a company's three-year cumulative loss position is significant negative evidence in considering whether deferred tax assets are realizable, and the accounting guidance restricts the amount of reliance we can place on projected taxable income to support the recovery of the deferred tax assets.
we maintain a valuation allowance on certain state and foreign deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2019. should we determine that we would not be able to realize our remaining deferred tax assets in these jurisdictions in the future, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would be recorded in the period such determination is made. the need to maintain a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate.
the comprehensive u.s. tax reform, which generally became effective in 2018, has had a significant impact on our effective tax rate and taxes paid primarily due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent and the additional u.s. taxes on our foreign earnings. the continued impact from u.s. tax reform may differ from our current estimates due to the issuance and finalization of future regulatory guidance.
corporate development strategy we expect to maintain a balanced growth strategy pursuing organic growth by maximizing the full potential of our existing businesses and, as appropriate, complementing our existing business with strategic acquisitions. in addition, we actively manage our portfolio of companies by divesting of those businesses that do not align with our long-term growth strategy.
during 2019, we completed the divestitures of our ukwg and milgard businesses and entered into a definitive agreement to sell our masco cabinetry business. we will continue to review all of our businesses to determine which businesses, if any, may not align with our long-term growth strategy.
liquidity and capital resources historically, we have largely funded our growth through cash provided by our operations, the issuance of notes in the financial markets, bank borrowings and the issuance of our common stock, including issuances for certain mergers and acquisitions. maintaining high levels of liquidity and focusing on cash generation are among our financial strategies. our capital allocation strategy includes reinvesting in our business, balancing share repurchases with potential acquisitions and maintaining an appropriate dividend.
our total debt as a percent of total capitalization was 102 percent and 98 percent at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. refer to note k to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
during 2019, we completed the divestitures of our ukwg and milgard businesses and entered into a definitive agreement to sell our masco cabinetry business. with the combined proceeds of $722 million for the ukwg and milgard divestitures, we executed an accelerated stock repurchase agreement to repurchase $400 million of our common stock. this repurchase is under masco's existing share repurchase authorization of $2.0 billion of shares of our common stock, which was approved in september 2019. during 2019, including the accelerated stock repurchase agreement, we repurchased 20.1 million shares of our common stock for cash aggregating $896 million.
additionally, we redeemed and retired $201 million of our 7.125% notes due march 15, 2020 on december 19, 2019. in connection with this early retirement, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of $2 million, which was recorded as interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations.
in the third quarter of 2019, we increased our quarterly dividend to $.135 per common share from $.12 per common share.
on march 13, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with an aggregate commitment of $1.0 billion and a maturity date of march 13, 2024. under the credit agreement, at our request and subject to certain conditions, we can increase the aggregate commitment up to an additional $500 million with the current lenders or new lenders. upon entry into the credit agreement, our credit agreement dated march 28, 2013, as amended, with an aggregate commitment of $750 million, was terminated. see note k to the consolidated financial statements.
the credit agreement contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain (a) a net leverage ratio, as adjusted for certain items, not exceeding 4.0 to 1.0, and (b) a minimum interest coverage ratio, as adjusted for certain items, not less than 2.5 to 1.0.  we were in compliance with all covenants and no borrowings were outstanding under our credit agreement at december 31, 2019.
on march 9, 2018, we acquired substantially all of the net assets of kichler. the purchase price, net of $2 million cash acquired, consisted of $549 million paid with cash on hand.
on april 16, 2018, we repaid and retired all of our $114 million, 6.625% notes on the scheduled repayment date.
on june 21, 2017, we issued $300 million of 3.5% notes due november 15, 2027 and $300 million of 4.5% notes due may 15, 2047. we received proceeds of $599 million, net of discount, for the issuance of these notes. the notes are senior indebtedness and are redeemable at our option at the applicable redemption price. on june 27, 2017, proceeds from the debt issuances, together with cash on hand, were used to repay and early retire $299 million of our 7.125% notes due march 15, 2020, $74 million of our 5.95% notes due march 15, 2022, $62 million of our 7.75% notes due august 1, 2029, and $100 million of our 6.5% notes due august 15, 2032. in connection with these early retirements, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of $107 million, which was recorded as interest expense.
as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, including extending payment terms. we also facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program (the "program") to provide certain of our suppliers with the opportunity to sell receivables due from us to participating financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the suppliers and the financial institutions. a third party administers the program; our responsibility is limited to making payment on the terms originally negotiated with our supplier, regardless of whether the supplier sells its receivable to a financial institution. we do not enter into agreements with any of the participating financial institutions in connection with the program. the range of payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers is consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the program.
all outstanding payments owed under the program are recorded within accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. the amounts owed to participating financial institutions under the program and included in accounts payable for our continuing operations were $29 million and $35 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. we account for all payments made under the program as a reduction to our cash flows from operations and reported within our (decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, net, line within our consolidated statements of cash flows. the amounts settled through the program and paid to participating financial institutions were $164 million, $117 million, and $186 million for our continuing operations during the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. a downgrade in our credit rating or changes in the financial markets could limit the financial institutions' willingness to commit funds to, and participate in, the program. we do not believe such risk would have a material impact on our working capital or cash flows, as substantially all of our payments are made outside of the program.
we had cash and cash investments of approximately $697 million at december 31, 2019. our cash and cash investments consist of overnight interest bearing money market demand accounts, time deposit accounts, and money market mutual funds containing government securities and treasury obligations. while we attempt to diversify these investments in a prudent manner to minimize risk, it is possible that future changes in the financial markets could affect the security or availability of these investments.
of the $697 million and $552 million of cash and cash investments we held at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, $297 million and $270 million, respectively, was held in our foreign subsidiaries. if these funds were needed for our operations in the u.s., their repatriation into the u.s. would not result in significant additional u.s. income tax or foreign withholding tax, as we have recorded such taxes on substantially all undistributed foreign earnings, except for those that are legally restricted.
we utilize derivative and hedging instruments to manage our exposure to currency fluctuations, primarily related to the european euro, british pound and the u.s. dollar; occasionally, we have also used derivative and hedging instruments to manage our exposure to commodity cost fluctuations, primarily zinc and copper, and interest rate fluctuations, primarily related to debt issuances. we review our hedging program, derivative positions and overall risk management on a regular basis. we currently do not have any derivative instruments for which we have designated hedge accounting.
our current ratio was 1.8 to 1 and 1.6 to 1 at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the increase in our current ratio is due primarily to the cash received from the divestiture of our milgard business less cash used for the accelerated stock repurchase agreement and to repay and retire our 7.125% notes due march 15, 2020.
cash flows significant sources and (uses) of cash in the past three years are summarized as follows, in millions:
2019                                                                                      2018              2017
net cash from operating activities                                $833              $1,032              $751
retirement of notes                                               (201   )            (114   )          (535   )
purchase of company common stock                                  (896   )            (654   )          (331   )
cash dividends paid                                               (144   )            (134   )          (129   )
dividends paid to noncontrolling interest                          (42   )             (89   )           (35   )
capital expenditures                                              (162   )            (219   )          (173   )
debt extinguishment costs                                           (2   )               -              (104   )
acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired                      -                (549   )           (89   )
issuance of notes, net of issuance costs                             -                   -               593
employee withholding taxes paid on stock-based compensation        (23   )             (42   )           (33   )
proceeds from disposition of:
businesses, net of cash disposed                                   722                   -               128
property and equipment                                              34                  14                24
financial investments                                                1                   5                 7
decrease in debt, net                                               (8   )              (1   )            (3   )
proceeds of short-term bank deposits, net                            -                 108               112
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash investments        14                   4                55
other, net                                                          12                   4               (34   )
cash increase (decrease)                                          $138               $(635   )          $204
our working capital days were as follows:
at december 31,
2019                                                                                                                         2018
receivable days                                                                                        54                54
inventory days                                                                                         67                71
accounts payable days working capital (receivables plus inventories, less accounts payable) as a percentage of net sales   15.7   %          15.8     %
net cash provided by operations of $833 million consisted primarily of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization expense of $159 million, stock-based compensation expense and amortization expense related to in-store displays, as well as employee withholding taxes paid on stock-based compensation, which is classified as a financing activity. these amounts were partially offset by the net gain on the sale of milgard and ukwg as well as contributions to our defined-benefit pension plans.
net cash used for financing activities was $1,291 million, primarily due to $896 million for the repurchase and retirement of company common stock (as part of our strategic initiative to drive shareholder value), $201 million for the early retirement of our 7.125% notes due march 15, 2020, $144 million for the payment of cash dividends, $42 million for dividends paid to noncontrolling interests and $23 million for employee withholding taxes paid on stock-based compensation. these uses of cash were slightly offset by $27 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
21
in september 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase, for retirement, of up to $2.0 billion of shares of our common stock in open-market transactions or otherwise, replacing the previous authorization established by our board of directors in 2017. during 2019, we repurchased and retired 20.1 million shares of our common stock, (including 0.6 million shares repurchased to offset the dilutive impact of long-term stock awards granted in 2019). at december 31, 2019, we had $1.5 billion remaining under the authorization. consistent with past practice and as part of our strategic initiative to drive shareholder value, we anticipate using approximately $1.2 billion of cash for share repurchases (including shares which will be purchased to offset any dilution from long-term stock awards granted as part of our compensation programs) in 2020.
net cash provided by investing activities was $582 million, primarily driven by $720 million of proceeds from the sale of milgard, net of cash disposed, partially offset by $162 million for capital expenditures.
we continue to invest in our manufacturing and distribution operations to increase our productivity, improve customer service and support product innovation. capital expenditures for 2019 were $162 million, compared with $219 million for 2018 and $173 million for 2017. for 2020, capital expenditures of our continuing operations, excluding any potential acquisitions, are expected to be approximately $150 million. depreciation and amortization expense for 2019 totaled $159 million, compared with $156 million for 2018 and $127 million for 2017. for 2020, depreciation and amortization expense of our continuing operations, excluding any potential 2020 acquisitions, is expected to be approximately $140 million. amortization expense totaled $27 million in 2019, compared with $24 million and $11 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
costs of environmental responsibilities and compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations have not had, nor do we expect them to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, financial position or results of operations.
we believe that our present cash balance and cash flows from operations, and our ability to utilize our credit agreement are sufficient to fund our near-term working capital and other investment needs. we believe that our longer-term working capital and other general corporate requirements will be satisfied through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from bank borrowings and future financial market activities.
consolidated results of operations we report our financial results in accordance with gaap in the united states. however, we believe that certain non-gaap performance measures and ratios, used in managing the business, may provide users of this financial information with additional meaningful comparisons between current results and results in prior periods. non-gaap performance measures and ratios should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, our reported results under gaap.
the following discussion of consolidated results of operations compares each respective period to the same period of the immediately preceding year.
sales and operations net sales for 2019 were $6.7 billion, which increased one percent compared to 2018. excluding acquisitions and the effect of currency translation, net sales increased one percent. the following table reconciles reported net sales to net sales excluding acquisitions and the effect of currency translation, in millions:
year endeddecember 31
2019                                                                                         2018
net sales, as reported                                                        $6,707                  $6,654
acquisitions                                                                     (65     )                 -
net sales, excluding acquisitions                                              6,642                   6,654
currency translation                                                              77                       -
net sales, excluding acquisitions and the effect of currency translation      $6,719                  $6,654
22
net sales for 2019 increased one percent primarily due to increased net selling prices of our plumbing products and paints and other coating products, which, in aggregate, increased sales by two percent. the acquisition of kichler in march 2018 increased sales by one percent. net sales for 2019 were negatively impacted by decreased sales volume of our lighting products which decreased sales by one percent. foreign currency translation also decreased sales by one percent.
net sales for 2018 increased 11 percent primarily due to the acquisition of kichler in march 2018 and mercury plastics, inc. ("mercury") in december 2017, which increased sales by six percent. net sales were also positively impacted by increased sales volume of plumbing products, which increased sales by three percent, and net selling price increases of paints and other coating products, and plumbing products, which, in aggregate, increased sales by two percent. foreign currency translation also increased sales by one percent. net sales for 2018 were negatively affected by the divestiture of our arrow fastener co., llc ("arrow") and moores furniture group limited ("moores") businesses, which, in aggregate, decreased sales by one percent.
our gross profit margins were 35.4 percent, 35.0 percent and 36.9 percent in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the 2019 gross profit margin was positively impacted by increased net selling prices and the absence of the recognition of the inventory step up adjustment established as part of the acquisition of kichler. such increases were partially offset by an increase in commodity costs including tariffs. the 2018 gross profit margin was negatively impacted by an increase in commodity costs, the recognition of the inventory step up adjustment established as a part of the acquisition of kichler, an increase in other expenses (such as salaries and logistics costs) and unfavorable sales mix. these negative impacts were partially offset by an increase in net selling prices, increased sales volume, and the benefits associated with cost savings initiatives.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of sales were 19.0 percent in 2019 compared with 18.8 percent in 2018 and 19.8 percent in 2017. the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales in 2019 was primarily driven by an increase in marketing spend. the decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales in 2018 was driven by leverage of fixed expenses, due primarily to increased sales volume and improved cost control.
the following table reconciles reported operating profit to operating profit, as adjusted to exclude certain items, dollars in millions:
2019                                                                         2018                2017
operating profit, as reported                      $1,088              $1,077              $1,029
rationalization charges                                13                   9                   2
kichler inventory step up adjustment                    -                  40                   -
impairment charge for other intangible assets           9                   -                   -
operating profit, as adjusted                      $1,110              $1,126              $1,031
operating profit margins, as reported                16.2   %            16.2   %            17.1   %
operating profit margins, as adjusted                16.5   %            16.9   %            17.1   %
operating profit in 2019 was positively affected by increased net selling prices, the absence of the recognition of the kichler inventory step up adjustment and benefits associated with cost savings initiatives. these positive impacts were partially offset by an increase in commodity costs including tariffs and an increase in other expenses (such as salaries). operating profit in 2018 was positively affected by increased net selling prices, increased sales volume, and benefits associated with cost savings initiatives. these positive impacts were partially offset by an increase in commodity costs, the recognition of the kichler inventory step up adjustment and an increase in other expenses (such as salaries, logistics costs, and erp costs).
other income (expense), net other, net, for 2019 included $21 million of net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit cost, partially offset by $2 million of realized foreign currency transaction gains and $1 million of earnings related to equity method investments.
other, net, for 2018 included $14 million of net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit cost and $8 million of realized foreign currency transaction losses. these expenses were partially offset by $3 million of earnings related to equity method investments and $1 million related related to distributions from private equity funds.
interest expense was $159 million, $156 million and $279 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decrease in interest expense from 2017 to 2018 is primarily the result of a loss on debt extinguishment of $107 million, which was recorded as additional interest expense in connection with the early retirement of debt in 2017, the discharge of indebtedness in 2018 and refinancing certain debt at more favorable interest rates in 2017.
income and income per common share from continuing operations (attributable to masco corporation)
income and diluted income per common share from continuing operations for 2019 were $639 million and $2.20 per common share, respectively. income and diluted income per common share from continuing operations for 2018 were $636 million and $2.05 per common share, respectively. income and diluted income per common share from continuing operations for 2017 were $426 million and $1.33 per common share, respectively.
our effective tax rate was 25 percent, 24 percent and 34 percent in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. u.s. tax reform, which generally became effective in 2018, reduced the u.s. federal tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. additionally, effective january 1, 2017 we adopted asu 2016-09, which requires the tax effects related to employee stock-based payments to be recorded to income tax expense, thus increasing the volatility in our effective tax rate. our normalized tax rate was 26 percent for both 2019 and 2018 and 34 percent for 2017.
our effective tax rate in 2019 and 2018 was lower than our normalized of 26 percent due primarily to a $3 million income tax benefit from a change in judgment regarding the realizability of certain deferred tax assets in our state and foreign jurisdictions recognized in 2019 and a $4 million and $14 million tax benefit from stock-based compensation payments recognized in 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the 2017 effective tax rate was impacted by divestiture of businesses with no tax impact. this impact was offset by a $17 million net tax benefit from the impact of changes in u.s. federal tax law and a $18 million tax benefit from stock-based compensation payments recognized in 2017.
refer to note r to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
outlook for the company we continue to execute our long-term growth strategies by leveraging our strong brand portfolio, industry-leading positions and masco operating system, our methodology to drive growth and productivity. we remain confident in the fundamentals of our business and will continue to execute on our strategies to create shareholder value. we believe that our strong financial position and cash flow generation, together with our current strategy of investing in our industry-leading branded building products, our continued focus on innovation and our commitment to operational excellence, the active management of our portfolio and disciplined capital allocation, will allow us to drive long-term growth and create value for shareholders. additionally, we completed the divestitures of milgard and ukwg, as well as, entered into a definitive agreement to sell our masco cabinetry business. the closing of the sale of our masco cabinetry business is expected during the first quarter of 2020, subject to customary closing conditions.
business segment and geographic area results the following table sets forth our net sales and operating profit information for our continuing operations by business segment and geographic area, dollars in millions.
percentchange
2019                                                                       2018                             2017         2019 vs.2018           2018 vs.2017
net sales:
plumbing products                                             $3,984              $3,998              $3,732               -        %             7        %
decorative architectural products                              2,723               2,656               2,206               3        %            20        %
total                                                         $6,707              $6,654              $5,938               1        %            12        %
north america                                                 $5,328              $5,208              $4,568               2        %            14        %
international, principally europe                              1,379               1,446               1,370              (5       )%             6        %
total                                                         $6,707              $6,654              $5,938               1        %            12        %
divestitures not included in discontinued operations (a)           -                   -                  76
total net sales                                               $6,707              $6,654              $6,014               1        %            11        %
2019                                                                                    2018                2017
operating profit: (b)
plumbing products                                               $708                $715                $702
decorative architectural products                                480                 456                 438
total                                                         $1,188              $1,171              $1,140
north america                                                   $987                $954                $924
international, principally europe                                201                 217                 216
total                                                          1,188               1,171               1,140
general corporate expense, net                                  (100   )             (94   )            (105   )
divestitures not included in discontinued operations (a)           -                   -                  (6   )
total operating profit                                        $1,088              $1,077              $1,029
(a)   divestitures not included in discontinued operations, refer to note p to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   before general corporate expense, net; refer to note p to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
business segment results discussion changes in operating profit in the following business segment and geographic area results discussion exclude general corporate expense, net, and compares each respective period to the same period of the immediately preceding year.
description of changes to sales and operating profit between 2018 and 2017 for the plumbing products and decorative architectural products segments were excluded as there were no changes from what was disclosed in the december 31, 2018 form 10-k.
plumbing products sales net sales in the plumbing products segment were flat in 2019. net selling price increases of north american operations increased sales by two percent. this increase was offset by foreign currency translation, which decreased sales by two percent.
operating results operating profit in the plumbing products segment in 2019 was negatively impacted by an increase in other expenses (such as salaries, marketing spend and severance charges), an increase in commodity costs including tariffs, unfavorable foreign currency translation, and unfavorable mix. these negative impacts were partially offset by increased net selling prices and benefits associated with cost savings initiatives.
decorative architectural products sales net sales of decorative architectural products increased three percent in 2019. the acquisition of kichler increased sales by two percent. net selling price increases of paints and other coating products and to a lesser extent, lighting products and builders' hardware also increased sales. such increases were partially offset by lower sales volume, primarily related to our lighting products.
operating results operating profit in the decorative architectural products segment in 2019 was positively impacted by increased net selling prices, the absence of the recognition of the kichler inventory step up adjustment, and the benefits associated with cost savings initiatives. these positive impacts were partially offset by an increase in commodity costs including tariffs, lower sales volume, an increase in strategic growth investments and a non-cash impairment charge related to an other indefinite-lived intangible asset for a trademark associated with lighting products.
business rationalizations and other initiatives over the last several years, we have taken several actions focused on the strategic rationalization of our businesses including business consolidations, plant closures, headcount reductions and other cost savings initiatives. in 2019, 2018 and 2017, we incurred net pre-tax costs and charges related to these initiatives of $13 million, $9 million, and $2 million, respectively.
we continue to realize the benefits of our business rationalizations and continuous improvement initiatives across our enterprise and expect to identify additional opportunities to improve our business operations, although we do not anticipate that the related costs will be as significant as they have been historically.
during 2019, 2018 and 2017, our plumbing products segment incurred costs and charges of $13 million, $9 million and $2 million, respectively. the 2019 costs primarily related to severance and plant consolidation costs in north america. the 2018 costs primarily related to plant closure costs in north america.
geographic area results discussion north america sales north american net sales in 2019 increased two percent. net selling price increases of plumbing products and paints and other coating products, in aggregate, increased sales by two percent. the acquisition of kichler in march 2018 increased sales by one percent. such increases were partially offset by lower sales volume of lighting products, which decreased sales by one percent.
north american net sales in 2018 increased 14 percent. net sales were positively impacted by the acquisitions of kichler and mercury which, in aggregate, increased sales by eight percent. net sales were also positively impacted by increased sales volume of plumbing products, which increased sales by four percent, and increased net selling prices of paints and other coating products, which increased sales by two percent.
operating results operating profit from north american operations in 2019 was positively affected by net selling price increases of plumbing products and paints and other coating products, the absence of the kichler inventory step-up adjustment, and benefits associated with cost savings initiatives. the positive impacts were partially offset by increased commodity costs and lower volume.
operating profit from north american operations in 2018 was positively affected by increased net selling prices, higher sales volume, and the benefits associated with cost savings initiatives. these positive impacts were partially offset by an increase in commodity costs, the recognition of the kichler inventory step up adjustment and an increase in other expenses (such as salaries, logistics costs, and erp costs).
international, principally europe sales net sales from international operations in 2019 decreased five percent. in local currencies (including sales in foreign currencies outside their respective functional currencies), net sales were flat with favorable net selling prices of plumbing products being offset by unfavorable sales mix.
net sales from international operations in 2018 increased six percent. in local currencies, net sales increased two percent, primarily due to higher sales volume of plumbing products, which increased sales by two percent, and net selling price increases, which increased sales by two percent. such increases were partially offset by an unfavorable sales mix, which decreased sales by one percent.
operating results operating profit from international operations in 2019 was negatively impacted by other expenses (such as salaries and marketing spend), unfavorable foreign currency translation and an increase in commodity costs, partially offset by increased net selling prices.
operating profit from international operations in 2018 was positively impacted by increased net selling prices, higher sales volume and favorable foreign currency translation, mostly offset by an increase in other expenses (such as salaries and logistic costs), an increase in commodity costs and unfavorable sales mix.
other matters commitments and contingencies litigation information regarding our legal proceedings is set forth in note t to the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
other commitments we enter into contracts, which include reasonable and customary indemnifications that are standard for the industries in which we operate. such indemnifications include claims made against builders by homeowners for issues relating to our products and workmanship. in conjunction with divestitures and other transactions, we occasionally provide reasonable and customary indemnifications. we have never had to pay a material amount related to these indemnifications, and we evaluate the probability that amounts may be incurred and record an estimated liability when probable and reasonably estimable.
recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements refer to note a to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
contractual obligations the following table provides payment obligations related to current contracts at december 31, 2019, in millions:
payments due by period
2020                                                                                    2021-2022       2023-2024             beyond2024           other                   total debt (a)                                                             $2                $731             $5                    $2,052               $-                 $2,790
interest (a)                                                        134                 236                   200                   576            -                   1,146
operating leases                                                     45                  70                    37                   101            -                     253
currently payable income taxes                                       10                   -             -                     -                    -                      10
private equity funds (b)                                              -                   -             -                     -                        4                   4
purchase commitments (c)                                            240                   1             -                     -                    -                     241
uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties (d)         -                   -             -                     -                       73                  73
total                                                              $431              $1,038             $242                  $2,729               $77                $4,517
(a)   we assume that all debt would be held to maturity. amounts include finance lease obligations.
(b)   there is no schedule for the capital commitments to the private equity funds; accordingly, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate as to when capital commitments may be paid.
(c)   excludes contracts that do not require volume commitments and open or pending purchase orders.
(d)   due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows associated with uncertain tax positions, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate for the year in which cash settlements may occur with applicable tax authorities.
refer to note m to the consolidated financial statements for defined-benefit pension plan obligations.
