item 1a.   risk factors

you should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the sec could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below.
risks relating to our substantial indebtedness our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including the fixed component of our rent payments, and our debt guarantees could adversely affect our operations and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $11.3 billion of principal amount of indebtedness outstanding on a consolidated basis. the operating partnership and mgm china, our consolidated subsidiaries, had $4.4 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively, of indebtedness outstanding. any increase in the interest rates applicable to our existing or future borrowings would increase the cost of our indebtedness and reduce the cash flow available to fund our other liquidity needs. we do not guarantee mgm china's or the operating partnership's obligations under their respective debt agreements and, to the extent mgm china or the operating partnership were to cease to produce cash flow sufficient to service their indebtedness, our ability to make additional investments into such entities is limited by the covenants in our existing senior credit facility.
in addition, our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments could have important negative consequences on us, including:
•   increasing our exposure to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•   limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;

•   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy (including returning value to our shareholders) or other general operating requirements;

•   making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; or

•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less-leveraged competitors.

moreover, our businesses are capital intensive. for our owned, leased and managed resorts to remain attractive and competitive, we must periodically invest significant capital to keep the properties well-maintained, modernized and refurbished. moreover, our leases with mgp, the bellagio breit venture, and the mgp breit venture have fixed rental payments (with annual escalators) and also require us to apply a percentage of net revenues generated at the leased properties to capital expenditures at those properties. such investments require an ongoing supply of cash and, to the extent that we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained. similarly, development projects, including any potential future development of an integrated resort in japan, and acquisitions could require significant capital commitments, the incurrence of additional debt, guarantees of third-party debt or the incurrence of contingent liabilities, any or all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our senior credit facility calculates interest on outstanding balances using the london inter-bank offered rate ("libor"). on july 27, 2017, the united kingdom financial conduct authority (the "fca") announced it would phase out libor as a benchmark by the end of 2021. although our senior credit facility includes libor replacement provisions that contemplate an alternate benchmark rate to be mutually agreed upon by us and the administrative agent, if necessary, any such changes may result in interest obligations which are more than or do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made if libor was available in its current form. as a result, there can be no assurance that discontinuation of libor will not result in significant increases in benchmark interest rates, substantially higher financing costs or a shortage of available debt financing, any of which could have an adverse effect on us.
current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service or refinance our indebtedness and to make planned expenditures. our ability to make payments on, and to refinance, our indebtedness, make our rent payments under our leases and to fund planned or committed capital expenditures and other investments depends on our ability to generate cash flow, receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates (including citycenter) and subsidiaries (including mgm china and the operating partnership), borrow under our senior credit facility or incur new indebtedness. if regional and national economic conditions deteriorate, revenues from our operations could decline as consumer spending levels decrease and we could fail to generate cash sufficient to fund our liquidity needs or satisfy the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt and lease instruments. we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or continue to receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates and subsidiaries, nor can we assure you that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior secured credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs or that we will be able to access the capital markets in the future to borrow additional indebtedness on terms that are favorable to us.
12
we have a significant amount of indebtedness maturing in 202, and thereafter. our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon the economic and credit market conditions discussed above. if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments. there is no assurance that any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements or leases.
the agreements governing our senior credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations. covenants governing our senior credit facility and certain of our debt securities restrict, among other things, our ability to:
•   pay dividends or distributions, repurchase equity, prepay certain debt or make certain investments;

•   incur additional debt;

•   incur liens on assets;

•   sell assets or consolidate with another company or sell all or substantially all of our assets;

•   enter into transactions with affiliates;

•   allow certain subsidiaries to transfer assets or enter into certain agreements; and

•   enter into sale and lease-back transactions.

our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. the breach of any such covenants or obligations not otherwise waived or cured could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. in addition, our senior secured credit facility requires us to satisfy certain financial covenants, including a maximum total net leverage ratio, a maximum first lien net leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. any default under our senior credit facility or the indentures governing our other debt could adversely affect our growth, our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt.
in addition, each of mgm china and the operating partnership has issued debt securities and is a borrower under credit facilities, all of which contain covenants that restrict the respective borrower's ability to engage in certain transactions, require them to satisfy certain financial covenants and impose certain operating and financial restrictions on them and their respective subsidiaries. these restrictions include, among other things, limitations on their ability to pay dividends or distributions to us, incur additional debt, make investments or engage in other businesses, merge or consolidate with other companies, or transfer or sell assets.
we are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes. as of december 31, 2019 we are required to make annual rent payments of $946 million under the master lease with mgp and annual rent payments of $245 million under the lease with bellagio breit venture, and will be required to make annual rent payments of $292 million under the lease with mgp breit venture, which leases are also subject to annual escalators as described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the leases also require us to spend a certain amount on capital expenditures at the leased properties. as a result of the foregoing rent and capital expenditure obligations, our ability to fund our operations, raise capital, make acquisitions, make investments, service our debt and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes may be adversely affected. for example, our obligations under the leases may:
•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to obtain additional indebtedness;

•   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in our business;

•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to making rent payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, pay dividends, repurchase shares and other general corporate purposes;

•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;

•   restrict our ability to make acquisitions, divestitures and engage in other significant transactions; and

•   cause us to lose our rights with respect to the applicable leased properties if we fail to pay rent or other amounts or otherwise default on the leases.

any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
13
the company provides a guarantee of the indebtedness of the bellagio breit venture and mgp breit venture. we currently provide a shortfall guarantee of the $3.01 billion and $3.0 billion principal amount of indebtedness (and any interest accrued and unpaid thereon) of the bellagio breit venture and mgp breit venture, respectively. the terms of each guarantee provide that, after the lenders have exhausted certain remedies to collect on the obligations under the underlying indebtedness, we would then be responsible for any shortfall between the value of the collateral and the debt obligation, which amount may be material, and we may not have sufficient cash on hand to fund any such obligation to the extent it is triggered in the future. if we do not have sufficient cash on hand, we may need to raise capital, including incurring additional indebtedness, in order to satisfy our obligation. there can be no assurance that any financing will be available to us, or, if available, will be on terms that are satisfactory to us.
risks related to our business we face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. the hotel, resort, entertainment, and casino industries are highly competitive. we do not believe that our competition is limited to a particular geographic area, and hotel, resort, entertainment, and gaming operations in other states or countries could attract our customers. to the extent that new casinos enter our markets or hotel room capacity is expanded by others in major destination locations, competition will increase. major competitors, including potential new entrants, may also expand their hotel room capacity, expand their range of amenities, improve their level of service, or construct new resorts in las vegas, macau or in the domestic regional markets in which we operate, all of which could attract our customers. also, the growth of gaming in areas outside las vegas, including california, has increased the competition faced by our operations in las vegas and elsewhere. while we believe our principal competitors are major gaming and hospitality resorts with well-established and recognized brands, we also compete against smaller hotel offerings and peer-to-peer inventory sources, which allow travelers to book short-term rentals of homes and apartments from owners. we expect that we will continue to face increased competition from new channels of distribution, innovations in consumer-facing technology platforms and other transformations in the travel industry that could impact our ability to attract and retain customers and related business.
in addition, competition could increase if changes in gaming restrictions in the united states and elsewhere result in the addition of new gaming establishments located closer to our customers than our casinos. for example, while our macau operations compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in or near asia, certain countries in the region have legalized casino gaming (including japan) and others (such as taiwan and thailand) may legalize casino gaming (or online gaming) in the future. furthermore, currently mgm grand paradise holds one of only six gaming concessions authorized by the macau government to operate casinos in macau. if the macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in macau through the grant of additional concessions or if current concessionaires and subconcessionaires open additional facilities, we would face increased competition.
most jurisdictions where casino gaming is currently permitted place numerical and/or geographical limitations on the issuance of new gaming licenses. although a number of jurisdictions in the united states and foreign countries are considering legalizing or expanding casino gaming, in some cases new gaming operations may be restricted to specific locations and we expect that there will be intense competition for any attractive new opportunities (which may include acquisitions of existing properties) that do arise. furthermore, certain jurisdictions, including nevada and new jersey, have also legalized forms of online gaming and other jurisdictions, including illinois, have legalized video gaming terminals. additionally, in may 2018, the united states supreme court overturned a federal ban on sports betting that had prohibited single-game gambling in most states, raising the potential for increased competition in sports betting should additional states pass legislation to legalize it.  the expansion of online gaming, sports betting, and other types of gaming in these and other jurisdictions may further compete with our operations by reducing customer visitation and spend in our casino resorts.
in addition to competition with other hotels, resorts and casinos, we compete with destination travel locations outside of the markets in which we operate. our failure to compete successfully in our various markets and to continue to attract customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
14
our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations. our ownership and operation of gaming facilities is subject to extensive regulation by the countries, states and provinces in which we operate. these laws, regulations and ordinances vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally concern the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. as such, our gaming regulators can require us to disassociate ourselves from suppliers or business partners found unsuitable by the regulators or, alternatively, cease operations in that jurisdiction. in addition, unsuitable activity on our part or on the part of our domestic or foreign unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries in any jurisdiction could have a negative effect on our ability to continue operating in other jurisdictions. the regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future and any such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. for example, in 2018, the u.s. department of justice ("doj") reversed its previously-issued opinion published in 2011, which stated that interstate transmissions of wire communications that do not relate to a "sporting event or contest" fall outside the purview of the wire act of 1961 ("wire act").  the doj's updated opinion concluded instead that the wire act was not uniformly limited to gaming relating to sporting events or contests and that certain of its provisions apply to non-sports-related wagering activity. in june 2019, a federal district court in new hampshire ruled that the doj's new interpretation of the wire act was erroneous and vacated doj's new opinion.  doj has appealed the decision of the district court to the u.s. court of appeals for the first circuit. an adverse ruling in the court of appeals or other disposition of the case may impact our ability to engage in online internet gaming in the future. for a summary of gaming and other regulations that affect our business, see "regulation and licensing" and exhibit 99.1 to this annual report on form 10-k.
further, our directors, officers, key employees and investors in our properties must meet approval standards of certain state and foreign regulatory authorities. if state regulatory authorities were to find such a person or investor unsuitable, we would be required to sever our relationship with that person or the investor may be required to dispose of his, her or its interest in the property. state regulatory agencies may conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our directors, officers, key employees or investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards. certain public and private issuances of securities, borrowings under credit agreements, guarantees of indebtedness and other transactions also require the approval of certain regulatory authorities.
macau laws and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions are complex, and a court or administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and regulations, or issue new or modified regulations, that differ from mgm china's interpretation, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, mgm china's activities in macau are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies. we cannot assure you that mgm china will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, and any such failure to do so may materially affect its long-term business strategy and operations. macau laws permit redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, to date such redress is largely untested in relation to gaming issues.
in addition to gaming regulations, we are also subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations affecting businesses in general. these laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, restrictions and conditions concerning alcoholic beverages, environmental matters, smoking, employees, currency transactions, taxation, zoning and building codes, and marketing and advertising. for instance, we are subject to certain federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances, including the clean air act, the clean water act, the resource conservation recovery act, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act and the oil pollution act of 1990. under various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, an owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances or wastes located on its property, regardless of whether or not the present owner or operator knows of, or is responsible for, the presence of such substances or wastes. such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. for example, illinois has enacted a ban on smoking in nearly all public places, including bars, restaurants, work places, schools and casinos. in addition, effective january 1, 2019, smoking in casinos in macau, including mgm macau and mgm cotai, will only be permitted inside specially ventilated smoking rooms, rather than outside smoking areas or vip areas. the likelihood or outcome of similar legislation in other jurisdictions and referendums in the future cannot be predicted, though any smoking ban would be expected to negatively impact our financial performance.
we also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to recordkeeping and reporting obligations as required by various anti-money laundering laws and regulations. for instance, we are subject to regulation under the currency and foreign transactions reporting act of 1970, commonly known as the "bank secrecy act," which, among other things, requires us to report to the internal revenue service ("irs") any currency transactions in excess of $10,000 that occur within a 24-hour gaming day, including identification of the individual(s) involved in the currency transaction. we are also required to report certain suspicious activity where we know, suspect or have reason to suspect transactions, among other things, involve funds from illegal activity or are intended to evade federal regulations or avoid reporting requirements or have no business or lawful purpose. in addition, under the bank secrecy act we are subject to various other rules and regulations involving reporting, recordkeeping and retention. our compliance with the bank secrecy act is subject to periodic examinations by the irs. any such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. any violations of the anti-money laundering laws, including the bank secrecy act, or regulations by any of our properties could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
15
our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside. our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending and corporate spending on conventions, trade shows and business development. economic contraction, economic uncertainty or the perception by our customers of weak or weakening economic conditions may cause a decline in demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows and conventions, and for the type of luxury amenities we offer. in addition, changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences could be driven by factors such as the increased cost of travel, an unstable job market, perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth, outbreaks of contagious diseases or fears of war and acts of terrorism or other acts of violence. consumer preferences also evolve over time due to a variety of factors, including demographic changes, which, for instance, have resulted in recent growth in consumer demand for non-gaming offerings. our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and timely react to these trends, and any failure to do so may negatively impact our results of operations. in particular, aria, bellagio and mgm grand las vegas may be affected by economic conditions in the far east, and all of our nevada resorts are affected by economic conditions in the united states, and california in particular. a recession, economic slowdown or any other significant economic condition affecting consumers or corporations generally is likely to cause a reduction in visitation to our resorts, which would adversely affect our operating results.
for example, in december 2019 a new strain of coronavirus (covid-19) was reported in wuhan, china. in order to mitigate the spread of the virus, china has placed certain cities under quarantine and advised its citizens to avoid all non-essential travel and other countries, including the u.s., have also restricted inbound travel from china. in addition, china implemented a temporary suspension of its visa scheme that permits mainland chinese to travel to macau, and on february 4, 2020 the hong kong sar government temporarily suspended all ferry service from hong kong to macau until further notice. the government of macau also asked that all gaming operators in macau suspend casino operations for a 15-day period that commenced on february 5, 2020. as a result, mgm macau and mgm cotai suspended all operations at their properties other than operations that were necessary to provide sufficient non-gaming facilities to serve any remaining hotel guests. operations at mgm macau and mgm cotai resumed on february 20, 2020; however, there are currently limits on the number of gaming tables allowed to operate and restrictions on the number of seats available at each table, and the temporary suspension of the visa scheme and ferry service to macau remains in place. the company is currently unable to predict the duration of the business disruption in macau or the impact of the reduced customer traffic at the company's properties as a result, but we expect the impact could have a material effect on mgm china's results of operations for the first quarter of 2020 and potentially thereafter. although the outbreak has been largely concentrated in china, to the extent that the virus impacts the willingness or ability of customers to travel to the company's properties in the united states (due to travel restrictions, or otherwise), the company's domestic results of operations could also be negatively impacted. the extent to which the coronavirus impacts the company's results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and any additional actions taken to contain it from spreading.
in addition, since we expect a significant number of customers to come to mgm macau and mgm cotai (and, to a lesser extent, our domestic properties) from mainland china, general economic and market conditions in china could impact our financial prospects. any slowdown in economic growth or changes to china's current restrictions on travel and currency conversion or movements, including market impacts resulting from china's recent anti-corruption campaign and related tightening of liquidity provided by non-bank lending entities and cross-border currency monitoring (including increased restrictions on union pay withdrawals and other atm limits on the withdrawal of patacas imposed by the government), could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china and/or the amounts they are willing to spend at our properties. most recently, in july 2017, the chinese government, along with macau authorities, implemented new facial recognition technology on atm machines in macau to strictly enforce the "know your customer" regulations for mainland chinese bank cardholders and in november 2017 new rules were adopted to control the cross-border transportation of cash and bearer negotiable instruments. it is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect, become more restrictive, or be readopted in the future. these developments have had, and any future policy developments that may be implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to macau from mainland china, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in macau.
furthermore, our operations in macau may be impacted by competition for limited labor resources and our ability to retain and hire employees. we compete with a large number of casino resorts for a limited number of employees and we anticipate that such competition will grow in light of the opening of new developments in macau. while we seek employees from outside of macau to adequately staff our resorts, certain macau government policies limit our ability to import labor in certain job classifications (for instance, the macau government requires that we only hire macau residents as dealers in our casinos) and any future government policies that freeze or cancel our ability to import labor could cause labor costs to increase. finally, because additional casino projects have commenced operations and other projects are under construction, the existing transportation infrastructure may need to be expanded to accommodate increased visitation to macau. if transportation facilities to and from macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of gaming customers visiting macau, the desirability of macau as a gaming destination, as well as the results of operations at our developments in macau, could be negatively impacted.
16
we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our mgm 2020 plan. we have undertaken, and plan to undertake, several initiatives to implement the first phase of our mgm 2020 plan to reduce costs and further position us for growth. while we believe these initiatives will exceed $200 million of annual adjusted ebitdar uplift by the end of 2020, compared to 2018 results, our efforts may fail to achieve expected results. as part of the second phase of our mgm 2020 plan, we also expect to invest in our digital transformation to drive customer-centric strategy for revenue growth to drive additional ebitdar uplift, which efforts may also fail to achieve expected results. execution of our mgm 2020 plan is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual adjusted ebitdar uplift may differ materially from what we anticipate.
the anticipated benefits of our asset light strategy, including the bellagio sale-leaseback transaction and mgp breit venture transaction, may take longer to realize than expected or may not be realized at all.  our current growth strategy is to pursue and execute on an asset-light business model, which involves a comprehensive review of our owned real estate assets to determine whether those assets can be monetized efficiently to allow unlocked capital to be redeployed towards balance sheet improvements, new growth opportunities and to return value to our shareholders. our ability to execute on this strategy will depend on our ability to identify accretive transactions that optimize the value of our remaining assets. there can be no assurances, however, that we will be able to monetize our remaining real property assets on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any anticipated benefits from any such potential transactions will be realized.
our ability to pay ongoing regular dividends to our stockholders is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our holding company structure, existing and future debt agreements entered into by us or our subsidiaries and state law requirements. we intend to pay ongoing regular quarterly cash dividends on our common stock; however, our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, change the amount or frequency of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. in addition, our ability to pay dividends is restricted by certain covenants in our credit agreement, and because we are a holding company with no material direct operations, we are dependent on receiving cash from our operating subsidiaries to generate the funds from operations necessary to pay dividends on our common stock. we expect our subsidiaries will continue to generate significant cash flow necessary to maintain quarterly dividend payments on our common stock; however, their ability to generate funds will be subject to their operating results, cash requirements and financial condition, any applicable provisions of state law that may limit the amount of funds available to us, and compliance with covenants and financial ratios related to existing or future agreements governing any indebtedness at such subsidiaries and any limitations in other agreements such subsidiaries may have with third parties. in addition, each of the companies in our corporate chain must manage its assets, liabilities and working capital in order to meet all of their respective cash obligations. as a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, future dividend payments may be reduced or eliminated. any change in the level of our dividends or the suspension of the payment thereof could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
nearly all of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. nearly all of our properties are subject to triple-net leases that, in addition to rent, require us to pay: (1) all facility maintenance, (2) all insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, (3) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor), (4) all capital expenditures, and (5) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. we are responsible for paying these expenses notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall accrue in part to the landlords as the owners of the associated facilities. furthermore, our obligation to pay rent as well as the other costs described above is absolute in virtually all circumstances, regardless of the performance of the properties and other circumstances that might abate rent in leases that now place these risks on the tenant, such as certain events of casualty and condemnation.
in addition, under the master lease with mgp, if some of our facilities should prove to be unprofitable or experience other issues that would warrant ceasing operations, or if we should otherwise decide to exit a particular property, we would remain obligated for lease payments and other obligations even if we decided to cease operations at those locations unless we are able to transfer the rights with respect to a particular property in accordance with the requirements of the mgp master lease. furthermore, our ability to transfer our obligations under the mgp master lease to a third-party with respect to individual properties, should we decide to withdraw from a particular location, is limited to non-las vegas properties and no more than two las vegas gaming properties, and is subject to identifying a willing third-party who meets the requirements for a transferee set forth in the mgp master lease, which we may be unable to find. in addition, we could incur special charges relating to the closing of such facilities including sublease termination costs, impairment charges and other special charges that would reduce our net income and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
james j. murren, our chairman, daniel j. taylor, one of our directors, and william j. hornbuckle, and john m. mcmanus, members of our senior management, may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their positions at mgp. james j. murren serves as our chairman and as the chairman of mgp. in addition, daniel j. taylor, one of our directors, is
17
also a director of mgp and william j. hornbuckle, and john m. mcmanus, members of our senior management, are also directors of mgp. while we have procedures in place to address such situations and the organizational documents with respect to mgp contain provisions that reduce or eliminate duties (including fiduciary duties) to any mgp shareholder to the fullest extent permitted by law, these overlapping positions could nonetheless create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when our or mgp's management and directors pursue the same corporate opportunities, such as potential acquisition targets, or face decisions that could have different implications for us and mgp. further, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between us and mgp (or its subsidiaries) regarding the terms of the agreements governing the separation and the relationship, between us and mgp, such as under the mgp master lease. potential conflicts of interest could also arise if we and mgp enter into any commercial or other adverse arrangements with each other in the future.
despite our ability to exercise control over the affairs of mgp as a result of our ownership of the single outstanding class b share of mgp, mgp has adopted a policy under which certain transactions with us, including transactions involving consideration in excess of $25 million, must be approved in accordance with certain specified procedures, which could affect our ability to execute our operational and strategic objectives. we own the single outstanding class b share of mgp. the class b share is a non-economic interest in mgp which does not provide its holder any rights to profits or losses or any rights to receive distributions from operations of mgp or upon liquidation or winding up of mgp, and which represents a majority of the voting power of mgp's shares so long as the holder of the class b share and its controlled affiliates' (excluding mgp) aggregate beneficial ownership of the combined economic interests in mgp and the operating partnership does not fall below 30%. we, therefore, have the ability to exercise significant control over mgp's affairs, including control over the outcome of all matters submitted to mgp's shareholders for approval.
mgp's operating agreement, however, provides that whenever a potential conflict of interest exists or arises between us or any of our affiliates (other than mgp and its subsidiaries), on the one hand, and mgp or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand, any resolution or course of action by mgp's board of directors in respect of such conflict of interest shall be conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to mgp if it is (i) approved by a majority of a conflicts committee which consists solely of "independent" directors (which mgp refers to as "special approval") (such independence determined in accordance with the nyse's listing standards, the standards established by the exchange act to serve on an audit committee of a board of directors and certain additional independence requirements in our operating agreement), (ii) determined by mgp's board of directors to be fair and reasonable to mgp or (iii) approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of mgp's outstanding voting shares (excluding voting shares owned by us and our affiliates). furthermore, mgp's operating agreement provides that any transaction with a value, individually or in the aggregate, over $25 million between us or any of our affiliates (other than mgp and its subsidiaries), on the one hand, and mgp or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand (any such transaction (other than the exercise of rights by us or any of our affiliates (other than mgp and its subsidiaries) under any of the material agreements entered into on the closing day of mgp's formation transactions), a "threshold transaction"), shall be permitted only if (i) special approval is obtained or (ii) such transaction is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of mgp's outstanding voting shares (excluding voting shares owned by us and our affiliates).
as a result, certain transactions, including any threshold transactions that we may want to pursue with mgp and that could have significant benefit to us may require special approval. there can be no assurance that the required approval will be obtained with respect to these transactions either from a conflicts committee comprised of independent mgp directors or the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares not held by us and our affiliates. the failure to obtain such requisite consent could materially affect our ability and the cost to execute our operational and strategic objectives.
we have agreed not to have any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in china, macau, hong kong and taiwan, other than through mgm china. as a result of the extension of the macau gaming subconcession, we entered into a first renewed deed of non-compete undertakings with mgm china and ms. ho, pansy catilina chiu king ("ms. ho"), pursuant to which we are restricted from having any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in the people's republic of china, macau, hong kong and taiwan, other than through mgm china. while gaming is currently prohibited in china, hong kong and taiwan, if it is legalized in the future our ability to compete in these locations could be limited until the earliest of (i) the date mgm china's ordinary shares cease to be listed on the stock exchange of hong kong limited or (ii) the date when our ownership of mgm china shares is less than 20% of the then-issued share capital of mgm china.
the macau government can terminate mgm grand paradise's subconcession under certain circumstances without compensating mgm grand paradise, exercise its redemption right with respect to the subconcession, or refuse to grant mgm grand paradise an extension of the subconcession in 2022, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. the macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate the subconcession in the event of fundamental non-compliance by mgm grand paradise with applicable macau laws or mgm grand paradise's basic obligations under the subconcession contract. mgm grand paradise has the opportunity to remedy any such non-compliance with its fundamental obligations under the subconcession contract within a period to be stipulated by the macau government. upon such termination, all of mgm grand paradise's casino area premises and gaming-related equipment would be transferred automatically to the macau government without compensation to mgm grand paradise, and we would cease to generate
18
any revenues from these operations. we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will perform all of its obligations under the subconcession contract in a way that satisfies the requirements of the macau government.
furthermore, under the subconcession contract, mgm grand paradise is obligated to comply with any laws and regulations that the macau government might promulgate in the future. we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will be able to comply with these laws and regulations or that these laws and regulations would not adversely affect our ability to construct or operate our macau businesses. if any disagreement arises between mgm grand paradise and the macau government regarding the interpretation of, or mgm grand paradise's compliance with, a provision of the subconcession contract, mgm grand paradise will be relying on a consultation and negotiation process with the macau government. during any consultation or negotiation, mgm grand paradise will be obligated to comply with the terms of the subconcession contract as interpreted by the macau government. currently, there is no precedent concerning how the macau government will treat the termination of a concession or subconcession upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances mentioned above. the loss of the subconcession would require us to cease conducting gaming operations in macau, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the subconcession contract expires on june 26, 2022. unless the subconcession is extended, or legislation with regard to reversion of casino premises is amended, all of mgm grand paradise's casino premises and gaming-related equipment will automatically be transferred to the macau government on that date without compensation to us, and we will cease to generate any revenues from such gaming operations. beginning on april 20, 2017, the macau government may redeem the subconcession contract by providing us at least one year's prior notice. in the event the macau government exercises this redemption right, mgm grand paradise is entitled to fair compensation or indemnity. the amount of such compensation or indemnity will be determined based on the amount of gaming and non-gaming revenue generated by mgm grand paradise, excluding the convention and exhibition facilities, during the taxable year prior to the redemption, before deducting interest, depreciation and amortization, multiplied by the number of remaining years before expiration of the subconcession. we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will be able to renew or extend the subconcession contract on terms favorable to mgm grand paradise or at all. we also cannot assure you that if the subconcession is redeemed, the compensation paid to mgm grand paradise will be adequate to compensate for the loss of future revenues.
mgm grand paradise is dependent upon gaming promoters for a significant portion of gaming revenues in macau. gaming promoters, who promote gaming and draw high-end customers to casinos, are responsible for a significant portion of mgm grand paradise's gaming revenues in macau. with the rise in gaming in macau and the recent reduction in the number of licensed gaming promoters in macau and in the number of vip rooms operated by licensed gaming promoters, the competition for relationships with gaming promoters has increased. while mgm grand paradise is undertaking initiatives to strengthen relationships with gaming promoters, there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain, or grow, relationships with gaming promoters. in addition, continued reductions in, and new regulations governing, the gaming promoter segment may result in the closure of additional vip rooms in macau, including vip rooms at mgm macau and mgm cotai. if mgm grand paradise is unable to maintain or grow relationships with gaming promoters, or if gaming promoters are unable to develop or maintain relationships with our high-end customers (or if, as a result of recent market conditions in macau, gaming promoters encounter difficulties attracting patrons to come to macau or experience decreased liquidity limiting their ability to grant credit to patrons), mgm grand paradise's ability to grow gaming revenues will be hampered. furthermore, if existing vip rooms at mgm macau and mgm cotai are closed there can be no assurance that mgm grand paradise will be able to locate acceptable gaming promoters to run such vip rooms in the future in a timely manner, or at all.
in addition, the quality of gaming promoters is important to mgm grand paradise's and our reputation and ability to continue to operate in compliance with gaming licenses. while mgm grand paradise strives for excellence in associations with gaming promoters, we cannot assure you that the gaming promoters with whom mgm grand paradise is or becomes associated will meet the high standards insisted upon. if a gaming promoter falls below mgm grand paradise's standards, mgm grand paradise or we may suffer reputational harm or possibly sanctions from gaming regulators with authority over our operations.
we also grant credit lines to certain gaming promoters and any adverse change in the financial performance of those gaming promoters may impact the recoverability of these loans.
the future recognition of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against such deferred tax asset may change materially in future periods. we currently have significant deferred tax assets resulting from foreign tax credit carryforwards that are available to reduce potential taxable foreign-sourced income in future periods, including the recapture of overall domestic losses to the extent of u.s. taxable income. we evaluate our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset for recoverability and record a valuation allowance to the extent that we determine it is not more likely than not such asset will be recovered. this evaluation is based on all available evidence, including assumptions concerning future u.s. operating profits and foreign source income. as a result, significant judgment is required in assessing the possible need for a valuation allowance and
19
changes to our assumptions could result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in the period including such change.
extreme weather conditions or climate change may cause property damage or interrupt business, which could harm our business and results of operations. certain of our properties are located in areas that may be subject to extreme weather conditions, including, but not limited to, hurricanes and winter storms in the united states and severe typhoons in macau. such extreme weather conditions may interrupt our operations, damage our properties, and reduce the number of customers who visit our facilities in such areas. in addition, our operations could be adversely impacted by a drought or other cause of water shortage. a severe drought of extensive duration experienced in las vegas or in the other regions in which we operate could adversely affect our business and results of operations. although we maintain both property and business interruption insurance coverage for certain extreme weather conditions, such coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits, including limitation on the coverage period for business interruption, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully insure such losses or fully collect, if at all, on claims resulting from such extreme weather conditions. furthermore, such extreme weather conditions may interrupt or impede access to our affected properties and may cause visits to our affected properties to decrease for an indefinite period, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the las vegas strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified. given that a significant number of our major resorts are concentrated on the las vegas strip, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the las vegas tourism industry. for example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt air travel to and from las vegas can adversely affect our business. we cannot control the number or frequency of flights to or from las vegas, but we rely on air traffic for a significant portion of our visitors. reductions in flights by major airlines as a result of higher fuel prices or lower demand can impact the number of visitors to our resorts. additionally, there is one principal interstate highway between las vegas and southern california, where a large number of our customers reside. capacity constraints of that highway or any other traffic disruptions may also affect the number of customers who visit our facilities.
we extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables. we conduct a portion of our gaming activities on a credit basis through the issuance of markers which are unsecured instruments. table games players typically are issued more markers than slot players, and high-end players typically are issued more markers than patrons who tend to wager lower amounts. high-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. furthermore, the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these high-end customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we issue markers to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. in addition, mgm grand paradise extends credit to certain gaming promoters and those promoters can extend credit to their customers. uncollectible receivables from high-end customers and gaming promoters could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
while gaming debts evidenced by markers and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of nevada, and nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from united states courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations.
furthermore, we expect that mgm china will be able to enforce its gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macau. to the extent mgm china gaming customers and gaming promoters are from other jurisdictions, mgm china may not have access to a forum in which it will be able to collect all of its gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and mgm china may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. moreover, under applicable law, mgm china remains obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers.
even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
we may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits. we review our goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets on an annual basis and during interim reporting periods in accordance with the authoritative guidance. significant negative trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth have resulted in write-downs and impairment charges in the past and, if one or more of such events occurs in the future, additional impairment charges or write-downs may be required in future periods. if we are required to record additional impairment charges or write-downs, this could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations.
20
leisure and business travel, especially travel by air, are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events, such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or acts of war or hostility or the outbreak of infectious diseases. we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel by air. since most of our customers travel by air to our las vegas and macau properties, any terrorist act or other acts of violence, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war, or any actual or perceived threat to the security of travel by air could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, the outbreak of infectious diseases, such as the recent coronavirus, may severely disrupt domestic and international travel. for instance, the coronavirus outbreak has resulted in several countries, including united states, issuing travel warnings and suspending flights to and from china. in addition, on february 4, 2020, the hong kong sar government temporarily suspended all ferry service from hong kong to macau, until further notice. we are unable to predict the extent to which disruptions to travel as a result of the coronavirus will impact our results of operations but we expect that the current disruption will have an adverse effect on mgm china's results of operations for the first quarter of 2020 and potentially thereafter. furthermore, although we have been able to purchase some insurance coverage for certain types of terrorist acts, insurance coverage against loss or business interruption resulting from war and some forms of terrorism continues to be unavailable.
co-investing in our properties, including our investment in citycenter, decreases our ability to manage risk. in addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our business directly, we have from time to time invested, and expect to continue to invest, in properties or businesses as a co-investor. co-investors often have shared control over the operation of the property or business. therefore, the operation of such properties or businesses is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters. in addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-investor might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, or be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. consequently, actions by a co-investor might subject the properties or businesses owned by such entities to additional risk. further, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our co-investors, or our co-investors could take actions binding on the property without our consent. additionally, should a co-investor become bankrupt, we could become liable for its share of liabilities.
for instance, citycenter, which is 50% owned and managed by us, has a significant amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations. if citycenter is unable to meet its financial commitments and we and our co-investor are unable to support future funding requirements, as necessary, such event could have adverse financial consequences to us. in addition, the agreements governing citycenter's indebtedness subject citycenter and its subsidiaries to significant financial and other restrictive covenants, including restrictions on its ability to incur additional indebtedness, place liens upon assets, make distributions to us, make certain investments, consummate certain asset sales, enter into transactions with affiliates (including us) and merge or consolidate with any other person or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets. the citycenter credit facility also includes certain financial covenants that require citycenter to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio (as defined in citycenter's credit facility) for each quarter. we cannot be sure that citycenter will be able to meet this test in the future or that the lenders will waive any failure to meet the test.
any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects.
any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to a number of risks, including:
•   lack of sufficient, or delays in the availability of, financing;

•   changes to plans and specifications;

•   engineering problems, including defective plans and specifications;

•   shortages of, and price increases in, energy, materials and skilled and unskilled labor, and inflation in key supply markets;

•   delays in obtaining or inability to obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals;

•   changes in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations, applicable to gaming, leisure, residential, real estate development or construction projects;

•   labor disputes or work stoppages;

•   availability of qualified contractors and subcontractors;

•   disputes with and defaults by contractors and subcontractors;

•   personal injuries to workers and other persons;

•   environmental, health and safety issues, including site accidents and the spread of viruses;

•   weather interferences or delays;

•   fires, typhoons and other natural disasters;

•   geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems; and

•   other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases.

21
the occurrence of any of these development and construction risks could increase the total costs, delay or prevent the construction, development, expansion or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of any future projects which we might undertake. in addition, the regulatory approvals associated with our development projects may require us to open future casino resorts by a certain specified time and to the extent we are unable to meet those deadlines, and any such deadlines are not extended, we may lose our regulatory approval to open a casino resort in a proposed jurisdiction, or incur payment penalties in connection with any delays which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we also make significant capital expenditures to maintain and upgrade our resorts, which may disrupt operations and displace revenue at the properties, including revenue lost while rooms, restaurants and meeting spaces are under renovation and out of service.
our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. in addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future. although we have "all risk" property insurance coverage for our operating properties, which covers damage caused by a casualty loss (such as fire, natural disasters, acts of war, or terrorism or other acts of violence), each policy has certain exclusions. in addition, our property insurance coverage is in an amount that may be significantly less than the expected replacement cost of rebuilding the facilities if there was a total loss. our level of insurance coverage also may not be adequate to cover all losses in the event of a major casualty. in addition, certain casualty events, such as labor strikes, nuclear events, acts of war, loss of income due to cancellation of room reservations or conventions due to fear of terrorism or other acts of violence, loss of electrical power due to catastrophic events, rolling blackouts or otherwise, deterioration or corrosion, insect or animal damage, and pollution, may not be covered at all under our policies. therefore, certain acts could expose us to substantial uninsured losses.
in addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of these events or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. while we carry business interruption insurance and general liability insurance, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses in any such event. furthermore, the leases we entered into in connection with the mgp breit venture transaction and the bellagio breit venture require us to maintain specified insurance coverage. we cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to obtain the types and limits of insurance coverage required by these leases and, to the extent such required insurance coverage cannot be obtained at commercially reasonable cost or at all, then we would need to obtain amendments to the leases or face a default by the applicable tenant under the lease, which could have material adverse effect on our business.
we renew our insurance policies (other than our builder's risk insurance) on an annual basis. the cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits, further increase our deductibles, or agree to certain exclusions from our coverage.
any failure to protect our trademarks could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business. the development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. while our business as a whole is not substantially dependent on any one trademark or combination of several of our trademarks or other intellectual property, we seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our business operations through the use of trademarks. we file applications for, and obtain trademarks in, the united states and in foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, parties may infringe our trademarks and our rights may be invalidated or unenforceable. the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the united states. monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of resource. we cannot assure you that all of the steps we have taken to protect our trademarks in the united states and foreign countries will be adequate to prevent imitation of our trademarks by others. the unauthorized use or reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our brand and its market acceptance, competitive advantages or goodwill, which could adversely affect our business.
22
we are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the united states. our operations outside of the united states are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-united states laws, regulations and customs. in particular, the risks associated with the operation of mgm china or any future operations in which we may engage in any other foreign territories, include:
•   changes in laws and policies that govern operations of companies in macau or other foreign jurisdictions;

•   changes in non-united states government programs;

•   possible failure by our employees or agents to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions;

•   general economic conditions and policies in china, including restrictions on travel and currency movements;

•   difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-united states operations;

•   different labor regulations;

•   changes in environmental, health and safety laws;

•   outbreaks of diseases or epidemics, including the recent coronavirus outbreak;

•   potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;

•   political instability and actual or anticipated military and political conflicts;

•   economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and

•   uncertainties regarding judicial systems and procedures.

these risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we are also exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. if the united states dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of other countries, our united states dollar reported income from sources where revenue is denominated in the currencies of other such countries will decrease.
any violation of the foreign corrupt practices act or any other similar anti-corruption laws could have a negative impact on us. a significant portion of our revenue is derived from operations outside the united states, which exposes us to complex foreign and u.s. regulations inherent in doing cross-border business and in each of the countries in which we transact business. we are subject to compliance with the united states foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") and other similar anti-corruption laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. while our employees and agents are required to comply with these laws, we cannot be sure that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws, despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics. violations of these laws by us or our non-controlled ventures may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties against us, and the sec and u.s. department of justice continue to vigorously pursue enforcement of the fcpa. the occurrence or allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
we face risks related to pending claims that have been, or future claims that may be, brought against us. claims have been brought against us and our subsidiaries in various legal proceedings, and additional legal and tax claims arise from time to time. we may not be successful in the defense or prosecution of our current or future legal proceedings, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. please see the further discussion in "legal proceedings" and note 12 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
a significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively affect our business and results of operations. as of december 31, 2019, approximately 38,000 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. a prolonged dispute with the covered employees or any labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or others could have an adverse impact on our operations, and adverse publicity in the marketplace related to union messaging could further harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services. also, wage and/or benefit increases resulting from new labor agreements may be significant and could also have an adverse impact on our results of operations. to the extent that our non-union employees join unions, we would have greater exposure to risks associated with labor problems. furthermore, we may have, or acquire in the future, multi-employer plans that are classified as "endangered," "seriously endangered," or "critical" status. for instance, borgata's most significant plan is the legacy plan of the unite here retirement fund, which has been listed in "critical status" and is subject to a rehabilitation plan. plans in these classifications must adopt measures to improve their funded status through a funding improvement or rehabilitation plan, which may require additional contributions from employers (which may take the form of a surcharge on benefit contributions) and/or modifications to retiree benefits. in addition, while borgata has no current intention to withdraw from these plans, a withdrawal in the future could result in the incurrence of a contingent liability that would be payable in an amount and at such time (or over a period of time) that would vary based on a number of factors at the time of (and after) withdrawal. any such additional costs may be significant.
23
our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results. we are a large consumer of electricity and other energy and, therefore, higher energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our customers may result in reduced visitation to our resorts and a reduction in our revenues.
the failure to maintain the integrity of our computer systems and customer information could result in damage to our reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data. we collect and process information relating to our employees, guests, and others for various business purposes, including marketing and promotional purposes. the collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted by the various states, the united states and other jurisdictions around the world. privacy laws and regulations continue to evolve and on occasion may be inconsistent (or conflict) between jurisdictions. various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact or adopt new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data retention, data transfer, and data protection. for example, the european union has adopted a data protection regulation known as the general data protection regulation, which became fully enforceable in may 2018, that includes operational and compliance requirements with significant penalties for non-compliance. in addition, california has enacted a new privacy law, known as the california consumer privacy act of 2018, which went into effect on january 1, 2020 and provides some of the strongest privacy requirements in the united states.
compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests. in addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us), including accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unapproved dissemination or a breach of security on systems storing our data may result in damage to our reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. we rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, and tools to provide security for processing of customer and employee information, such as payment card and other confidential or proprietary information. our data security measures are reviewed and evaluated regularly; however, they might not protect us against increasingly sophisticated and aggressive threats including, but not limited to, computer malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks by third parties. in addition, while we maintain cyber risk insurance to assist in the cost of recovery from a significant cyber event, such coverage may not be sufficient.
we also rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. disruptions in the availability of our computer systems, through cyber-attacks or otherwise, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales and the results of operations. for instance, there has been an increase in criminal cyber security attacks against companies where customer and company information has been compromised and company data has been destroyed. our information systems and data, including those we maintain with our third-party service providers, may be subject to cyber security breaches in the future. in addition, our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cyber security similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations. a significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer or company data maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations, and result in remediation expenses, regulatory penalties and litigation by customers and other parties whose information was subject to such attacks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility and reputation. many factors influence our reputation and the value of our brands including the perception held by our customers, business partners, other key stakeholders and the communities in which we do business. our business faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance activities and risk of damage to our reputation and the value of our brands if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, climate change, workplace conduct, human rights, philanthropy and support for local communities. any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention and the willingness of customers and our partners to do business with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
we may seek to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances or acquisitions, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets, any of which may be unsuccessful. we intend to consider strategic and complementary acquisitions and investments in other businesses, properties or other assets. furthermore, we may pursue any of these opportunities in alliance with third parties, including mgp. acquisitions and investments in businesses, properties or assets, as well as these alliances, are subject to risks that could affect our business, including risks related to:
•   spending cash and incurring debt;

•   assuming contingent liabilities;

•   unanticipated issues in integrating information, communications and other systems;

•   unanticipated incompatibility of purchasing, logistics, marketing and administration methods;

•   retaining key employees; and

•   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures.

24
we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify opportunities or complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that we will actually realize any anticipated benefits from such acquisitions, investments or alliances. in addition, even if we are able to successfully integrate new assets and businesses, the integration of such assets and businesses may result in unanticipated costs, competitive responses, loss or customer or other business relationships and the diversion of management attention.
in addition, we periodically review our business to identify properties or other assets that we believe either are non-core, no longer complement our business, are in markets which may not benefit us as much as other markets or could be sold at significant premiums. from time to time, we may attempt to sell these identified properties and assets. there can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to complete dispositions on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
if the jurisdictions in which we operate increase gaming taxes and fees, as well as other taxes and fees, our results could be adversely affected. state and local authorities raise a significant amount of revenue through taxes and fees, including taxes and fees on gaming activities. from time to time, legislators and government officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. periods of economic downturn or uncertainty and budget deficits may intensify such efforts to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes. if the jurisdictions in which we operate were to increase taxes, including gaming taxes or fees, depending on the magnitude of the increase and any offsetting factors, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. for instance, income generated from gaming operations of mgm grand paradise currently has the benefit of a corporate tax exemption in macau through march 31, 2020, which exempts us from paying the 12% complementary tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games. we have applied for an extension of such exemption to june 26, 2022 to run concurrent with its extended sub-concession.  while our competitors have received additional extensions of their complementary tax exemptions through june 26, 2022, which runs concurrent with the end of the term of their gaming concessions, and we believe mgm grand paradise should also be entitled to such extension in order to ensure non-discriminatory treatment among gaming concessionaires and sub-concessionaires, a requirement under macanese law, due to the uncertainty concerning taxation after the subconcession renewal process, we cannot assure you that any extensions of the tax exemption will be granted beyond march 31, 2020.
conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of mgm china, the holding company for mgm grand paradise which owns and operates mgm macau and mgm cotai. as a result of the initial public offering of shares of mgm china common stock in 2011, mgm china has stockholders who are not affiliated with us, and we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of mgm china may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of mgm china. decisions that could have different implications for us and mgm china, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with mgm china, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest or an actual conflict of interest.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes discussion as of and for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to december 31, 2018. discussion of our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to december 31, 2017 can be found in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") on february 27, 2019.
executive overview our primary business is the ownership and operation of casino resorts, which offer gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment, retail and other resort amenities. we own or invest in several of the finest casino resorts in the world and we continually reinvest in our resorts to maintain our competitive advantage. most of our revenue is cash-based, through customers wagering with cash or paying for non-gaming services with cash or credit cards. we rely heavily on the ability of our resorts to generate operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures, provide excess cash flow for future development and repay debt financings. we make significant investments in our resorts through newly remodeled hotel rooms, restaurants, entertainment and nightlife offerings, as well as other new features and amenities.
our results of operations are affected by decisions we make related to our capital allocation, our access to capital and our cost of capital. while we continue to be focused on improving our financial position and returning capital to shareholders, we are also dedicated to capitalizing on strategic development or initiatives.
the las vegas strip segment results of operations are heavily impacted by visitor volume and trends. during the year ended december 31, 2019, las vegas visitor volume increased 1% compared to the prior year period according to information published by the las vegas convention and visitors authority. the las vegas market is growing and diversifying with the addition of new sporting events and venues, the expansion of convention centers, as well as music and entertainment events.
the mgm china segment results of operations also are heavily impacted by visitor volume and trends. during the year ended december 31, 2019 macau visitor arrivals increased 10% compared to the prior year period according to statistics published by the statistics and census service of the macau government. in early 2020, the rapid spread of a respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus (covid-19) identified as originating in wuhan, hubei province, china led to certain cities in china being placed under quarantine and citizens across china were advised to avoid non-essential travel. certain countries, including the u.s., have restricted inbound travel from mainland china to mitigate the spread of the virus. in addition, china implemented a temporary suspension of its visa scheme that permits mainland chinese to travel to macau, and on february 4, 2020 the hong kong sar government temporarily suspended all ferry service from hong kong to macau, until further notice. the macau government tourism office disclosed total visitation from mainland china to macau decreased 83% and total visitor arrivals decreased 78% during chinese new year as compared to the same period in 2019. on february 4, 2020, the government of macau asked that all gaming operators in macau suspend casino operations for a 15-day period that commenced on february 5, 2020. as a result, mgm macau and mgm cotai suspended all operations at their properties other than operations that were necessary to provide sufficient non-gaming facilities to serve any remaining hotel guests. operations at mgm macau and mgm cotai resumed on february 20, 2020; however, there are currently limits on the number of gaming tables allowed to operate and restrictions on the number of seats available at each table, and the temporary suspension of the visa scheme and ferry service to macau remains in place. as a result of these measures, we expect material declines in mgm china's operating results during the first quarter of 2020 and potentially thereafter. additionally, to the extent that the virus impacts the willingness or ability of customers to travel to our properties in the united states (due to travel restrictions, or otherwise), our domestic results of operations could also be negatively impacted. we are continuing to evaluate the nature and extent of the impacts to our business, which could have a material effect on our consolidated operating results for the first quarter of 2020 and potentially thereafter. given the uncertain nature of these circumstances, the related impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.
our results of operations do not tend to be seasonal in nature, though a variety of factors may affect the results of any interim period, including the timing of major conventions, far east baccarat volumes, the amount and timing of marketing and special events for our high-end gaming customers, and the level of play during major holidays, including new year and lunar new year. while our results do not depend on key individual customers, a significant portion of our operating income is generated from high-end gaming customers, which can cause variability in our results as evidenced by the recent weakness in far east baccarat, which we expect to continue in 2020. in addition, our success in marketing to customer groups such as convention customers and the financial health of customer segments such as business travelers or high-end gaming customers from a specific country or region can affect our results.
31
as of december 31, 2019, pursuant to a master lease agreement with mgp, we lease the real estate assets of the mirage, mandalay bay, luxor, new york-new york, park mgm, excalibur, the park, gold strike tunica, mgm grand detroit, beau rivage, borgata, empire city, mgm national harbor, and mgm northfield park. see note 1 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information regarding mgp and the operating partnership, which we consolidate in our financial statements. all intercompany transactions, including transactions under the master lease with mgp, have been eliminated in consolidation. as further discussed below, pursuant to a lease agreement with the bellagio breit venture, we lease the real estate assets of bellagio.
in july 2018, mgp completed its northfield acquisition for approximately $1.1 billion. in april 2019, we acquired the membership interests of northfield from mgp and mgp retained the real estate assets. we then rebranded the property to mgm northfield park, which was then added to the existing master lease between us and mgp.  see note 4 and note 18 in the accompanying financial statements for information regarding this acquisition.
also, in january 2019, we acquired the real property and operations associated with empire city in yonkers, new york for consideration of approximately $865 million. subsequently, mgp acquired the developed real property associated with empire city from us and empire city was added to the existing master lease between us and mgp. in addition, pursuant to the master lease amendment, we agreed to provide mgp a right of first offer with respect to certain undeveloped land adjacent to the property to the extent that we develop additional gaming facilities and choose to sell or transfer such property in the future.  see note 4 and note 18 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information regarding this acquisition.
in march 2019, we entered into an amendment to the existing master lease between us and mgp with respect to investments made by us related to improvements at park mgm and nomad las vegas. see note 18 in the accompanying financial statements for information regarding this transaction with mgp, which is eliminated in consolidation.
in november 2019, we completed the bellagio sale-leaseback transaction, pursuant to which we formed the bellagio breit venture, which acquired the bellagio real estate assets from us and entered into a lease agreement to lease the real estate assets back to us. the bellagio lease has an initial term of 30 years with two subsequent ten-year renewal periods, exercisable at our option. the lease provides for initial annual rent of $245 million with a fixed 2% escalator for the first ten years and, thereafter, an escalator equal to the greater of 2% and the cpi increase during the prior year, subject to a cap of 3% during the 11th through 20th years and 4% thereafter. we received $4.25 billion consideration for the sale, which consisted of a 5% equity interest in the venture with the remaining consideration of approximately $4.2 billion in cash. we also provide a shortfall guarantee of the principal amount of indebtedness of the bellagio breit venture's $3.01 billion of debt (and any interest accrued and unpaid thereon). as a result of the sale, we recorded a gain of approximately $2.7 billion. see note 1 and note 12 in the accompanying financial statements for information regarding this transaction and lease agreement.
in december 2019, we sold circus circus las vegas and adjacent land for $825 million, which consisted of $662.5 million paid in cash and a secured note due 2024 with a face value of $162.5 million and fair value of $133.7 million. in connection with our review of the carrying value of assets to be sold due to the offer for sale received during the third quarter of 2019, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $219 million.  upon completion of the sale in the fourth quarter, we recorded a loss of $2 million. see note 1 and note 16 in the accompanying financial statements for information regarding this transaction.
on february 14, 2020, we completed the mgp breit venture transaction pursuant to which the real estate assets of mgm grand las vegas and mandalay bay (including mandalay place) were contributed to mgp breit venture, owned 50.1% by the operating partnership and 49.9% by a subsidiary of breit. in exchange for the contribution of the real estate assets, mgm and mgp received total consideration of $4.6 billion, which was comprised of $2.5 billion of cash, $1.3 billion of the operating partnership's secured indebtedness assumed by mgp breit venture, and the operating partnership's 50.1% equity interest in the mgp breit venture. in addition, the operating partnership issued approximately 3 million operating partnership units to us representing 5% of the equity value of mgp breit venture. in connection with the transactions, we provided a shortfall guaranty of the principal amount of indebtedness of the mgp breit venture (and any interest accrued and unpaid thereon). on the closing date, breit also purchased approximately 5 million mgp class a shares for $150 million.
in connection with the transactions, mgp breit venture entered into a lease with us for the real estate assets of mandalay bay and mgm grand las vegas. the lease provides for a term of thirty years with two ten-year renewal options and has an initial annual base rent of $292 million, escalating annually at a rate of 2% per annum for the first fifteen years and thereafter equal to the greater of 2% and the cpi increase during the prior year subject to a cap of 3%. in addition, the lease will require us to spend 3.5% of net revenues over a rolling five-year period at the properties on capital expenditures and for us to comply with certain financial covenants, which, if not met, will require us to maintain cash security or provide one or more letters of credit in favor of the landlord in an amount equal to the rent for the succeeding one-year period.
32
in connection with the mgp breit venture transaction, the existing master lease with mgp was modified to remove the mandalay bay property and the annual rent under the mgp master lease was reduced by $133 million.
also, on january 14, 2020, we, the operating partnership, and mgp entered into an agreement for the operating partnership to waive its right to issue mgp class a shares, in lieu of cash, to us in connection with us exercising our right to require the operating partnership to redeem the operating partnership units we hold, at a price per unit equal to a 3% discount to the applicable cash amount as calculated in accordance with the operating agreement. the waiver terminates on the earlier of 24 months following the closing of the mgp breit venture transaction and us receiving cash proceeds of $1.4 billion as consideration for the redemption of our operating partnership units.
in january 2019, we announced the implementation of a company-wide business optimization initiative (the "mgm 2020 plan") to further reduce costs, improve efficiencies and position us for growth, which yielded over $130 million of adjusted ebitdar uplift in 2019 compared to 2018 results. we expect the initiatives associated with the mgm 2020 plan to exceed adjusted ebitdar uplift of $200 million by the end of 2020 compared to 2018 results, which includes operating model changes to improve efficiency. we currently anticipate achieving this target. as part of the second phase, we plan to invest in our digital transformation to drive revenue growth through a customer-centric strategy aimed at increasing customer spend, increasing our wallet share, and attracting our most valuable customers.
key performance indicators key performance indicators related to gaming and hotel revenue are:
•   gaming revenue indicators: table games drop and slots handle (volume indicators); "win" or "hold" percentage, which is not fully controllable by us. our normal table games hold percentage at our las vegas strip resorts is in the range of 25.0% to 35.0% of table games drop for baccarat and 19.0% to 23.0% for non-baccarat; and

•   hotel revenue indicators: hotel occupancy (a volume indicator); average daily rate ("adr," a price indicator); and revenue per available room ("revpar," a summary measure of hotel results, combining adr and occupancy rate). our calculation of adr, which is the average price of occupied rooms per day, includes the impact of complimentary rooms. complimentary room rates are determined based on standalone selling price. because the mix of rooms provided on a complimentary basis, particularly to casino customers, includes a disproportionate suite component, the composite adr including complimentary rooms is slightly higher than the adr for cash rooms, reflecting the higher retail value of suites.

additional key performance indicators at mgm china are:
•   gaming revenue indicators: mgm china utilizes "turnover," which is the sum of nonnegotiable chip wagers won by mgm china calculated as nonnegotiable chips purchased plus nonnegotiable chips exchanged less nonnegotiable chips returned. turnover provides a basis for measuring vip casino win percentage. win for vip gaming operations at mgm china is typically in the range of 2.6% to 3.3% of turnover.

results of operations the following discussion is based on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
summary financial results the following table summarizes our operating results:
year ended december 31,

2019                         2018                          2017
(in thousands)
net revenues                                               $12,899,672                   $11,763,096                   $10,797,479
operating income                                                   3,940,215                     1,469,486                     1,712,527
net income                                                         2,214,380                       583,894                     2,088,184
net income attributable to mgm resorts international               2,049,146                       466,772                     1,952,052
33
summary operating results consolidated net revenues in 2019 increased 10% compared to 2018 due primarily to continued ramp-up of operations at mgm cotai following its opening in february 2018, a full year of operating results at mgm springfield, which opened in august 2018, the acquisition of empire city in january 2019, a full year of operating results at mgm northfield park, which mgp acquired in july 2018, and an increase in revenues as a result of the ramp-up of operations at park mgm, partially offset by a decrease in casino revenues at certain of our other las vegas strip resorts.
consolidated operating income increased $2.5 billion to $3.9 billion in 2019, compared to $1.5 billion in 2018. the current year included a $2.7 billion gain related to the bellagio sale-leaseback transaction, a $220 million loss related to the sale of circus circus las vegas and adjacent land, included in property transactions, net, as well as $92 million in restructuring costs related to severance, accelerated stock compensation expense and consulting fees directly related to the operating model component of the mgm 2020 plan. in comparison, consolidated operating income in 2018 included a $45 million gain related to the sale of grand victoria and $24 million in business interruption insurance proceeds primarily at mandalay bay. during 2019, consolidated operating income was positively impacted by the increase in net revenues described above and a decrease in preopening and start-up expenses, partially offset by increases in general and administrative, depreciation and amortization, and corporate expenses, further discussed below. preopening and start-up expenses decreased by $144 million in 2019 compared to 2018 due primarily to the openings of mgm springfield and mgm cotai and the completion of the park mgm rebranding project. corporate expense, including share-based compensation for corporate employees, increased $45 million compared to the prior year period. the current year period included $20 million of empire city acquisition costs, primarily related to transfer taxes and advisory fees, $29 million in costs incurred to implement the mgm 2020 plan, of which $12 million is included in the restructuring costs discussed above, and $11 million in finance modernization initiative costs. the prior year period included $27 million of corporate brand campaign expenses, $19 million in transaction costs, and $8 million in costs incurred to implement the mgm 2020 plan and finance modernization initiatives. depreciation and amortization expense, and general and administrative expense increased compared to the prior year due primarily to the operations of mgm cotai, mgm springfield and empire city.
34
net revenues by segment the following table presents a detail by segment of net revenues:
year ended december 31,

2019                          2018                           2017
(in thousands)
las vegas strip resorts table games win                                  $789,330                       $949,055                       $931,508
slots win                                       1,193,607                      1,140,269                      1,106,192
other                                              64,834                         62,249                         67,150
less: incentives                                 (751,601    )                  (743,840    )                  (668,020   )
casino revenue                                  1,296,170                      1,407,733                      1,436,830
rooms                                           1,863,521                      1,776,029                      1,778,869
food and beverage                               1,517,745                      1,402,378                      1,410,496
entertainment, retail and other                 1,153,615                      1,130,532                      1,119,928
non-casino revenue                              4,534,881                      4,308,939                      4,309,293
5,831,051                      5,716,672                      5,746,123
regional operations table games win                                   827,155                        793,754                        722,966
slots win                                       2,362,638                      1,947,325                      1,784,452
other                                             313,710                        108,690                         92,377
less: incentives                                 (965,723    )                  (822,844    )                  (764,992   )
casino revenue                                  2,537,780                      2,026,925                      1,834,803
rooms                                             316,753                        318,017                        319,049
food and beverage                                 494,243                        428,934                        410,143
entertainment, retail and other                   201,008                        160,645                        145,725
non-casino revenue                              1,012,004                        907,596                        874,917
3,549,784                      2,934,521                      2,709,720
mgm china vip table games win                             1,237,297                      1,235,387                      1,099,303
main floor table games win                      1,906,600                      1,391,454                      1,044,415
slots win                                         286,939                        284,919                        180,500
less: commissions and incentives                 (821,030    )                  (716,616    )                  (582,583   )
casino revenue                                  2,609,806                      2,195,144                      1,741,635
rooms                                             142,306                        118,527                         54,824
food and beverage                                 127,152                        114,862                         51,330
entertainment, retail and other                    26,158                         21,424                         10,371
non-casino revenue                                295,616                        254,813                        116,525
2,905,422                      2,449,957                      1,858,160
reportable segment net revenues                12,286,257                     11,101,150                     10,314,003
corporate and other                               613,415                        661,946                        483,476
$12,899,672                    $11,763,096                    $10,797,479
las vegas strip resorts las vegas strip resorts casino revenue decreased 8% in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to a 17% decrease in table games win resulting from a 9% decrease in table games drop, driven by far east baccarat, and an increase in incentives, partially offset by a 5% increase in slots win.
35
the following table shows key gaming statistics for our las vegas strip resorts:
year ended december 31,

2019           2018             2017
(dollars in millions)
table games drop          $3,526           $3,857           $3,777
table games win %          22.4%            24.6%            24.7%
slots handle             $12,874          $12,569          $12,396
slots hold %                9.3%             9.1%             8.9%
las vegas strip resorts rooms revenue increased 5% in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to a 4% increase in revpar.
the following table shows key hotel statistics for our las vegas strip resorts:
year ended december 31,

2019        2018          2017
occupancy                                   91%           91%           91%
average daily rate (adr)                   $167          $161          $160
revenue per available room (revpar)        $153          $147          $146
las vegas strip resorts food and beverage revenue increased 8% in 2019 compared to 2018 due primarily to the ramp-up of newly opened outlets at park mgm and nomad las vegas and an increase in catering and banquets revenue driven by the completion of the expansion of mgm grand's conference center in 2019.
las vegas strip resorts entertainment, retail and other revenue increased 2% in 2019 compared to 2018 due primarily to an increase in entertainment revenue related to events at park theater, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from cirque du soleil production shows.
regional operations regional operations casino revenue increased 25% in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to the acquisition of empire city in 2019, for which its video lottery terminal revenue is included in other casino revenue, the acquisition of mgm northfield park's operations from mgp, and a full year of operations at mgm springfield.
the following table shows key gaming statistics for our regional operations:
year ended december 31,

2019           2018             2017
(dollars in millions)
table games drop          $4,226           $4,038           $3,872
table games win %          19.6%            19.7%            18.7%
slots handle             $25,031          $21,468          $19,634
slots hold %                9.4%             9.1%             9.1%
regional operations food and beverage revenue increased 15% in 2019 compared to 2018 due primarily to full year of operations at mgm springfield, the acquisition of empire city, and the acquisition of mgm northfield park's operations from mgp.
regional operations entertainment, retail and other revenue increased 25% in 2019 compared to 2018 due primarily to entertainment revenue at mgm springfield and mgm northfield park, atm fees from the operations of mgm springfield, empire city and mgm northfield park, and parking fees from the operations of empire city.
36
mgm china the following table shows key gaming statistics for mgm china:
year ended december 31,

2019           2018             2017
(dollars in millions)
vip table games turnover            $38,071          $40,599          $34,533
vip table games win %                  3.2%             3.0%             3.2%
main floor table games drop          $8,252           $7,566           $5,159
main floor table games win %          23.1%            18.4%            20.2%
mgm china net revenue increased 19% in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily as a result of the continued ramp-up of operations at mgm cotai and an increase in main floor table games win percentage. main floor table games win increased 37% compared to the prior year due to the addition of 25 new-to-market tables at mgm cotai in 2019 and a 472 basis point increase in win percentage. vip table games win increased slightly in 2019 compared to 2018 due to the opening of vip junket rooms at the end of the third quarter of 2018 at mgm cotai and an increase in the vip table games win percentage, offset by a 34% decrease in turnover at mgm macau.
corporate and other corporate and other revenue includes revenues from other corporate operations, management services and reimbursed costs revenue primarily related to our citycenter management agreement and $68 million in net revenues from mgp's northfield casino, which represents revenues prior to our acquisition of mgm northfield park's operations from mgp on april 1, 2019. corporate and other revenue for 2018 included $133 million in net revenues from mgp northfield's casino. reimbursed costs revenue represents reimbursement of costs, primarily payroll-related, incurred by us in connection with the provision of management services and was $437 million, $425 million and $402 million for 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. see below for additional discussion of our share of operating results from unconsolidated affiliates.
adjusted ebitdar the following table presents a detail of adjusted ebitdar. we use adjusted property ebitdar as the primary profit measure for our reportable segments. see "non-gaap measures" for additional information.
year ended december 31,

2019                         2018                          2017
(in thousands)
adjusted ebitdar las vegas strip resorts                                   $1,643,122                    $1,706,315                    $1,781,390
regional operations                                          969,866                       781,854                       754,597
mgm china                                                    734,729                       574,333                       535,524
reportable segment adjusted property ebitdar               3,347,717                     3,062,502                     3,071,511
corporate and other                                         (331,621    )                 (224,800    )                 (213,908   )
$3,016,096                    $2,837,702                    $2,857,603
las vegas strip resorts adjusted property ebitdar at our las vegas strip resorts decreased 4% in 2019 compared to 2018 due primarily to a decrease in casino revenue, as discussed above, and the inclusion of $24 million in business interruption insurance proceeds at mandalay bay in the prior year. adjusted property ebitdar margin was 28.2% in 2019, a 167 basis point decrease compared to 2018.
regional operations adjusted property ebitdar at our regional operations increased 24% in 2019 compared to 2018 and benefitted from a full year of operations at mgm springfield, the acquisition of empire city, and the acquisition of mgm northfield park's operations from mgp. adjusted property ebitdar margin was 27.3% in 2019, a 68 basis point increase compared to 2018, primarily as a result of the inclusion of empire city and mgm northfield park.
37
mgm china mgm china's adjusted property ebitdar increased 28% in 2019 compared to 2018 due primarily to the ramp-up of operations at mgm cotai, and an increase in main floor table games win percentage, as discussed above. excluding intercompany license fees of $51 million and $43 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, adjusted property ebitdar increased 27% compared to 2018. adjusted property ebitdar margin was 25.3% in 2019, a 185 basis point increase compared to 2018.
corporate and other adjusted ebitdar related to corporate and other in 2019 decreased compared to the prior year due primarily to $14 million of non-recurring charges including certain management termination fees and other fees, an increase in corporate expense as described in "summary operating results," a decrease in income from unconsolidated affiliates, as discussed below, and a decrease in adjusted ebitdar related to mgm northfield park's operating results from $45 million in 2018 compared to $23 million in 2019.
operating results - details of certain charges preopening and start-up expenses consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2019                   2018                      2017
(in thousands)
mgm china                      $2,619                   $64,341                   $86,970
mgm springfield                     -                    60,787                    22,881
park mgm rebranding             2,245                    22,569                     6,498
other                           2,311                     3,695                     2,126
$7,175                  $151,392                  $118,475
preopening and start-up expenses decreased in 2019 due primarily to the opening of mgm springfield and the final phase of mgm cotai, as well as the completion of the park mgm rebranding project.
property transactions, net consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2019                     2018                      2017
(in thousands)
loss related to sale of circus circus las vegas and adjacent land            $220,294             $-                        $-
gain on sale of grand victoria                                                      -                   (44,703    )              -
other property transactions, net                                               55,508                    53,850                   50,279
$275,802             $9,147                    $50,279
see note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of property transactions, net.
operating results - income from unconsolidated affiliates the following table summarizes information related to our income from unconsolidated affiliates:
year ended december 31,

2019                     2018                     2017
(in thousands)
citycenter            $128,421                 $138,383                  $133,400
other                   (8,900    )               9,307                    12,822
$119,521                 $147,690                  $146,222
38
in 2019, our share of citycenter's operating results, including certain basis difference adjustments, was $128 million compared to $138 million in 2018.  the prior year period included a $12 million gain on the sale of mandarin oriental related to the reversal of basis differences in excess of our share of the loss recorded by citycenter. the current year period included $12 million in charges related to restructuring costs and certain one-time management agreement termination fees. at aria, casino revenues decreased 5% in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to a decrease in table games win, driven by baccarat. citycenter's non-casino revenues increased 4% in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily related to an increase in food and beverage revenue due to the opening of a new outlet, and a % increase in rooms revenue due primarily to a % increase in revpar at aria.
non-operating results interest expense. the following table summarizes information related to interest expense, net:
year ended december 31,

2019                     2018                       2017
(in thousands)
total interest incurred            $853,007                   $821,229                    $779,855
interest capitalized                 (5,075    )               (51,716    )               (111,110   )
$847,932                   $769,513                    $668,745
gross interest expense in 2019 increased $32 million compared to 2018 due to an increase in the average debt outstanding under our senior notes, and an increase in the weighted average interest rate related to our senior credit facilities, which was partially offset by a decrease in the average debt outstanding under our senior credit facilities and a decrease in the weighted average interest rate of our senior notes. capitalized interest was $5 million and $52 million during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the decrease in capitalized interest was due primarily to the completion of mgm springfield, which opened in august 2018, and the completion of mgm cotai, which opened in february 2018. see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on long-term debt and see "liquidity and capital resources" for additional discussion on issuances and repayments of long-term debt and other sources and uses of cash.
other, net. other expense, net in 2019 increased $165 million compared to 2018 due primarily to a $198 million loss incurred on the early retirement of debt related to our senior notes and senior credit facility, the operating partnership's prepayments on its senior credit facility, and the early retirement of debt related to mgm china's senior secured credit facility, partially offset by a $11 million remeasurement gain on mgm china's u.s. dollar-denominated senior notes and a $9 million increase in interest income. refer to note 9 for further discussion on long-term debt.
income taxes. the following table summarizes information related to our income taxes:
year ended december 31,

2019                        2018                       2017
(in thousands)
income before income taxes                                               $2,846,725             $634,006                           $960,790
benefit (provision) for income taxes                                       (632,345    )               (50,112    )               1,127,394
effective income tax rate                                                      22.2    %        7.9               %                  (117.3   )%
federal, state and foreign income taxes paid, net of refunds                $28,493             $(10,100          )                $181,651
our effective tax rate for 2019 is driven primarily by the $2.7 billion gain recorded on the bellagio sale-leaseback transaction. income tax expense recorded on this gain results in our effective tax rate approximating our federal and state combined statutory rate and minimizes the impact of other items. our effective tax rate for 2018 was favorably impacted by the reversal of macau shareholder dividend tax that was accrued in 2017 upon receipt of the extension of the annual fee arrangement and income tax benefit recorded on our macau operations, partially offset by measurement period tax expense related to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act").
cash taxes paid increased in 2019 compared to 2018 due to federal taxes paid on the liquidation of mgp oh, inc., a consolidated subsidiary directly owned by mgm growth properties operating partnership lp, and an increase in state taxes paid in 2019 compared to 2018. in addition, we received a refund in 2018 of taxes paid with respect to our 2017 federal income tax return.
39
non-gaap measures
"adjusted ebitdar" is earnings before interest and other non-operating income (expense), taxes, depreciation and amortization, preopening and start-up expenses, gain on bellagio transaction, restructuring costs (which represents costs related to severance, accelerated stock compensation expense, and consulting fees directly related to the operating model component of the mgm 2020 plan), nv energy exit expense, rent expense associated with triple net operating and ground leases, income from unconsolidated affiliates related to investments in reits, and property transactions, net. we utilize "adjusted property ebitdar" as the primary profit measures for our reportable segments and underlying operating segments. adjusted property ebitdar is a measure defined as adjusted ebitdar before corporate expense and stock compensation expense, which are not allocated to each operating segment, and before rent expense related to the master lease with mgp that eliminates in consolidation. we manage capital allocation, tax planning, stock compensation, and financing decisions at the corporate level. "adjusted property ebitdar margin" is adjusted property ebitdar divided by related segment net revenues.
adjusted ebitdar information is a valuation metric, should not be used as an operating metric, and is presented solely as a supplemental disclosure to reported gaap measures because we believe these measures are widely used by analysts, lenders, financial institutions, and investors as a principal basis for the valuation of gaming companies. we believe that while items excluded from adjusted ebitdar, adjusted property ebitdar, and adjusted property ebitdar margin may be recurring in nature and should not be disregarded in evaluation of our earnings performance, it is useful to exclude such items when analyzing current results and trends compared to other periods because these items can vary significantly depending on specific underlying transactions or events that may not be comparable between the periods being presented. also, we believe excluded items may not relate specifically to current trends or be indicative of future results. for example, preopening and start-up expenses will be significantly different in periods when we are developing and constructing a major expansion project and will depend on where the current period lies within the development cycle, as well as the size and scope of the project(s). property transactions, net includes normal recurring disposals, gains and losses on sales of assets related to specific assets within our resorts, but also includes gains or losses on sales of an entire operating resort or a group of resorts and impairment charges on entire asset groups or investments in unconsolidated affiliates, which may not be comparable period over period. in addition, we changed our non-gaap measures in the fourth quarter of 2019, including recasting prior periods, as a result of the bellagio real estate transaction, to exclude rent expense associated with triple net operating leases and ground leases. we believe excluding rent expense associated with triple net operating leases and ground leases provides useful information to analysts, lenders, financial institutions, and investors when valuing us, as well as comparing our results to other gaming companies, without regard to differences in capital structure and leasing arrangements since the operations of other gaming companies may or may not include triple net operating leases or ground leases. however, as discussed herein, adjusted ebitdar and adjusted property ebitdar should not be viewed as measures of overall operating performance, considered in isolation, or as an alternative to net income, because these measures are not presented on a gaap basis and exclude certain expenses, including the rent expense associated with our triple net operating and ground leases, and are provided for the limited purposes discussed herein.
adjusted ebitdar, adjusted property ebitdar or adjusted property ebitdar margin should not be construed as alternatives to operating income or net income, as indicators of our performance; or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities, as measures of liquidity; or as any other measure determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. we have significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, interest payments, taxes, real estate triple net lease and ground lease payments, and debt principal repayments, which are not reflected in adjusted ebitdar, adjusted property ebitdar or adjusted property ebitdar margin. also, other companies in the gaming and hospitality industries that report adjusted ebitdar, adjusted property ebitdar or adjusted property ebitdar margin information may calculate adjusted ebitdar, adjusted property ebitdar or adjusted property ebitdar margin in a different manner and such differences may be material.
40
the following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to mgm resorts international to adjusted ebitdar:
year ended december 31,

2019                          2018                          2017
(in thousands)
net income attributable to mgm resorts international                                $2,049,146                      $466,772                     $1,952,052
plus: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                              165,234                       117,122                        136,132
net income                                                                           2,214,380                       583,894                      2,088,184
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                                   632,345                        50,112                     (1,127,394   )
income before income taxes                                                           2,846,725                       634,006                        960,790
non-operating expense interest expense, net of amounts capitalized                                           847,932                       769,513                        668,745
non-operating items from unconsolidated affiliates                                      62,296                        47,827                         34,751
other, net                                                                             183,262                        18,140                         48,241
1,093,490                       835,480                        751,737
operating income                                                                     3,940,215                     1,469,486                      1,712,527
nv energy exit expense                                                                       -                             -                        (40,629   )
preopening and start-up expenses                                                         7,175                       151,392                        118,475
property transactions, net                                                             275,802                         9,147                         50,279
gain on bellagio transaction                                                        (2,677,996    )                        -                              -
depreciation and amortization                                                        1,304,649                     1,178,044                        993,480
restructuring                                                                           92,139                             -                              -
triple net operating lease and ground lease rent expense                                74,656                        29,633                         23,471
income from unconsolidated affiliates related to investments in reits                     (544    )                        -                              -
adjusted ebitdar                                                                    $3,016,096                    $2,837,702                     $2,857,603
41
the following table presents adjusted property ebitdar and adjusted ebitdar:
year ended december 31,

2019                         2018                          2017
(in thousands)
bellagio                                       $465,194                      $490,702                      $506,526
mgm grand las vegas                             282,609                       371,566                       344,685
mandalay bay                                    237,472                       265,741                       258,471
the mirage                                      153,838                       131,864                       176,996
luxor                                           125,758                       120,749                       126,650
new york-new york                               147,179                       137,622                       135,036
excalibur                                       117,774                       111,255                       113,561
park mgm                                         65,983                        14,290                        49,191
circus circus las vegas                          47,315                        62,526                        70,274
las vegas strip resorts                       1,643,122                     1,706,315                     1,781,390
mgm grand detroit                               193,971                       195,817                       176,280
beau rivage                                     111,101                       105,493                        89,319
gold strike tunica                               66,712                        52,081                        52,882
borgata                                         206,812                       203,945                       286,690
mgm national harbor                             215,962                       210,729                       149,426
mgm springfield                                  34,349                        13,789                             -
empire city casino                               71,013                             -                             -
mgm northfield park                              69,946                             -                             -
regional operations                             969,866                       781,854                       754,597
mgm macau                                       458,099                       478,121                       535,524
mgm cotai                                       276,630                        96,212                             -
mgm china                                       734,729                       574,333                       535,524
unconsolidated resorts                          122,598                       147,690                       146,222
management and other operations                  24,773                        74,790                        26,838
stock compensation                              (68,289    )                  (68,211    )                  (60,936   )
corporate                                      (410,703    )                 (379,069    )                 (326,032   )
$3,016,096                    $2,837,702                    $2,857,603
liquidity and capital resources cash flows - summary our cash flows consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2019                         2018                         2017
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                 $1,810,401                   $1,722,539                   $2,206,411
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                3,519,434                   (2,083,021   )               (1,580,592   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities               (4,529,594   )                  389,234                     (568,778   )
cash flows operating activities. trends in our operating cash flows tend to follow trends in operating income, excluding non-cash charges, but can be affected by changes in working capital, the timing of significant interest payments, tax payments or refunds, and distributions from unconsolidated affiliates. cash provided by operating activities increased to $1.8 billion in 2019 from $1.7 billion in 2018. operating cash flows increased in the current year period compared to the prior year period due to increases in our operating income primarily from our regional operations and mgm china, as discussed above, partially offset by an increase in cash paid for interest, as discussed in "non-operating results" and an increase in cash paid for taxes. in addition, operating cash flows in the current year period were negatively affected by a decrease in working capital primarily related to a decrease in gaming deposits. operating cash flows in the prior year period were negatively affected by a decrease in working capital primarily related to the timing of significant chip purchases by gaming promoters at mgm china.
42
investing activities. our investing cash flows can fluctuate significantly from year to year depending on our decisions with respect to strategic capital investments in new or existing resorts, business acquisitions or dispositions, and the timing of maintenance capital expenditures to maintain the quality of our resorts. capital expenditures related to regular investments in our existing resorts can also vary depending on timing of larger remodel projects related to our public spaces and hotel rooms.
cash provided by investing activities was $3.5 billion in 2019 compared to cash used in investing activities of $2.1 billion in 2018. the change was due primarily to $4.2 billion of proceeds received related to the sale of bellagio, $652 million of proceeds received related to the sale of circus circus las vegas and adjacent land, the inclusion of the $1.0 billion outflow for mgp's acquisition of northfield park in 2018, and a decrease of $748 million in capital expenditures, partially offset by a $536 million outflow for the acquisition of empire city and a $222 million decrease in distributions from unconsolidated affiliates. distributions from unconsolidated affiliates in 2019 included our $90 million share of a $180 million dividend paid by citycenter in 2019. distributions from unconsolidated affiliates in 2018 included our $313 million share of a $625 million dividend paid by citycenter. the decrease in capital expenditures primarily reflects substantial completion of our development projects at mgm cotai, mgm springfield, and the rebranding at park mgm, as discussed in further detail below.
capital expenditures in 2019, we made capital expenditures of $739 million, of which $146 million related to mgm china. capital expenditures at mgm china included $118 million related to projects at mgm cotai and $28 million related to projects at mgm macau. capital expenditures at our las vegas strip resorts, regional operations and corporate entities of $593 million included $49 million related to the construction of mgm springfield, $52 million related to the park mgm rebranding project, as well as expenditures relating to information technology, the expansion of the convention center at mgm grand las vegas and various room, restaurant, and entertainment venue remodels.
in 2018, we made capital expenditures of $1.5 billion, of which $376 million related to mgm china, excluding development fees and capitalized interest on development fees eliminated in consolidation. capital expenditures at mgm china included $340 million related to the construction of mgm cotai and $36 million related to projects at mgm macau. capital expenditures at our las vegas strip resorts, regional operations and corporate entities of $1.1 billion included $368 million related to the construction of mgm springfield, $228 million related to the park mgm rebranding project, as well as expenditures relating to the expansion of the convention center at mgm grand las vegas and various room, restaurant, and entertainment venue remodels.
financing activities. cash used in financing activities was $4.5 billion in 2019 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $389 million in 2018. the change was due primarily to net debt repayments of $4.1 billion in 2019 compared to net debt borrowings of $2.2 billion in 2018, partially offset by proceeds from mgp's issuances of class a shares in 2019 of $1.3 billion and a decrease of $252 million in share repurchases.
borrowings and repayments of long-term debt in 2019, we repaid net debt of $4.1 billion which consisted of the repayment of our $850 million 8.625% notes due 2019, the repayment of an aggregate $2.8 billion of our senior notes, as described below, $750 million of net repayments on our senior credit facility, $1.1 billion of net repayments on the operating partnership's senior credit facility, and $1.8 billion of net repayments on the current and previous mgm china senior secured credit facilities, partially offset by our issuance of $1.0 billion of our senior notes, the operating partnership's issuance of $750 million of senior notes, and mgm china's issuance of $1.5 billion of senior notes.
in april 2019, we issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5.5% senior notes due 2027. we used the net proceeds from the offering to fund the purchase of $639 million in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 6.75% senior notes due 2020 and $233 million in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 5.25% senior notes due 2020 through our cash tender offers. in december 2019, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the bellagio sale-leaseback transaction to redeem for cash the remaining $267 million principal amount of its outstanding 5.25% senior notes due 2020, the remaining $361 million principal amount of its outstanding 6.75% senior notes due 2020, all $1.25 billion principal amount of its outstanding 6.625% senior notes due 2021, permanently repay the $750 million outstanding on our term loan a facility, and fully repay amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
in may 2019, mgm china issued $750 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2024 and $750 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior notes due 2026 and used the proceeds to permanently repay approximately $1.0 billion on its term loan facility with the remainder used to pay down its revolving credit facility under its prior senior secured credit facility. in august 2019, mgm china entered into a new $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, on which it drew $776 million and used the proceeds to fully repay the borrowings outstanding under its previous senior secured credit facility.
43
in november 2019, the operating partnership used the proceeds from its november 2019 class a share issuance to prepay $65 million on the term loan a facility and $476 million on the term loan b facility, which reflects all scheduled amortization plus additional principal, and fully repaid the outstanding balance on its revolving credit facility. the proceeds from the operating partnership's issuance of $750 million 5.75% senior notes due 2027 in january 2019 along with the proceeds from mgp's january 2019 class a share issuance were primarily used to finance mgp's acquisition of the real property associated with empire city and finance the park mgm lease transaction.
in 2018, we borrowed net debt of $2.2 billion which primarily consisted of the issuance of $1.0 billion 5.75% senior notes due 2025, $368 million of net borrowings on our senior credit facility, $137 million of net borrowings on the mgm china credit facility, and $728 million of net borrowings on the operating partnership senior credit facility. additionally, we paid $77 million of debt issuance costs related to the amendments of the operating partnership's senior credit facility in march and june 2018, the amendment of mgm china's credit facility in june 2018, the amendment of our senior credit facility in december 2018, and the issuance of the $1.0 billion 5.75% senior notes.
dividends, distributions to noncontrolling interest owners and share repurchases in may 2018, our board of directors authorized a $2.0 billion stock repurchase program and completed the previously announced $1.0 billion stock repurchase program. in 2019, we repurchased and retired $1.0 billion of our common stock pursuant to our current $2.0 billion stock repurchase plan. in 2018, we repurchased and retired $1.3 billion of our common stock pursuant to our current and prior stock repurchase plan. the remaining availability under our $2.0 billion stock repurchase program was approximately $357 million as of december 31, 2019.
in 2019, mgm china paid dividends of $62 million, of which we received $35 million and noncontrolling interests received $27 million. in 2018, mgm china paid dividends of $78 million, of which we received $44 million and noncontrolling interests received $34 million.
during 2019, we paid dividends each quarter of $0.13 per share, totaling $271 million for the year. during 2018, we paid dividends each quarter of $0.12 per share, totaling $261 million for the year.
the operating partnership paid the following distributions to its partnership unit holders during 2019 and 2018:
•   $534 million of distributions paid in 2019, of which we received $372 million and mgp received $162 million, which mgp concurrently paid as a dividend to its class a shareholders;

•   $454 million of distributions paid in 2018, of which we received $333 million and mgp received $121 million, which mgp concurrently paid as a dividend to its class a shareholders.

other factors affecting liquidity anticipated sources and uses of cash. we require a certain amount of cash on hand to operate our resorts. in addition to required cash on hand for operations, we utilize corporate cash management procedures to minimize the amount of cash held on hand or in banks. funds are swept from the accounts at most of our domestic resorts daily into central bank accounts, and excess funds are invested overnight or are used to repay borrowings under our credit facility. we have significant outstanding debt, rent payments, interest payments, and contractual obligations in addition to planned capital expenditures (and required capital expenditures pursuant to the terms of our long-term leases). in addition, we plan to repurchase our outstanding debt and equity securities subject to limitations in our credit facility and delaware law, as applicable.
we held cash and cash equivalents of $2.3 billion at december 31, 2019, of which mgm china held $420 million and the operating partnership held $202 million. at december 31, 2019, we had $11.3 billion in principal amount of indebtedness, including $1.7 billion outstanding under the $3.1 billion operating partnership credit facility, and $667 million outstanding under the $1.25 billion mgm china revolving credit facility. we expect to meet our debt maturities and planned equity repurchases and capital expenditure requirements with future anticipated operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from the mgp breit venture transaction, mgp's cash redemption of our operating partnership units, and available borrowings under our credit facilities. we expect to make domestic capital investments at our resorts and corporate entities of $410 million to $420 million. additionally, we expect to make capital investments at mgm china of $195 million to $205 million.
44
as part of the mgp breit venture transaction, the consideration to us for the real estate assets of mgm grand las vegas included, among other things, $2.4 billion of cash. further, in connection with the waiver agreement signed in february 2019, we have the ability to exercise our right to receive cash for up to $1.4 billion of our operating partnership units. with the proceeds from the mgp breit venture transaction and the cash we expect to receive for redemption of the operating partnership units, we plan to repurchase debt and equity securities, as discussed further below. additionally, in connection with the mgp breit venture transaction, we entered into an unsecured credit agreement, comprised of a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving facility that matures in february 2025.
subsequent to the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased 11 million shares of our common stock pursuant to our $2.0 billion share repurchase program at an average price of $32.57 per share for an aggregate amount of $354 million. repurchased shares will be retired.
on february 12, 2020, we announced that our board of directors adopted a $3.0 billion stock repurchase program. on february 13, 2020, we announced cash tender offers to acquire up to $1.25 billion in aggregate purchase price of our issued and outstanding common stock through a modified "dutch auction" tender offer at a price not greater than $34 nor less than $29 per share, in cash, less any applicable withholding taxes and without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions described in the offer to purchase dated february 13, 2020, and in the related letter of transmittal and other related materials. the tender offer is scheduled to expire on march 12, 2020, unless extended or terminated.
on february 18, 2020, we commenced cash tender offers to purchase up to $750 million in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 5.75% senior notes due 2025, 4.625% senior notes due 2026, and 5.5% senior notes due 2027. holders of notes that are tendered by march 2, 2020 will receive the tender offer consideration plus an early tender premium. the tender offers will expire on march 16, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated by us. we intend to fund the tender offers with the net cash proceeds from the mgp breit venture transaction, and, if necessary, cash on hand or borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
on february 12, 2020, the board of directors approved a quarterly dividend to holders of record on march 10, 2020 of $0.15 per share, which will be paid on march 16, 2020. in january 2020, the operating partnership paid $147 million of distributions to its partnership unit holders, of which we received $94 million and mgp received $53 million, which mgp concurrently paid as a dividend to its class a shareholders.
as discussed in executive overview, due to of the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (covid-19) primarily concentrated in china and the resulting impacts on visitation to macau, we expect material declines in mgm china's operating results during the first quarter of 2020 and potentially thereafter. additionally, to the extent that the virus impacts the willingness or ability of customers to travel to our properties in the united states (due to travel restrictions, or otherwise), our domestic results of operations could also be negatively impacted. we are continuing to evaluate the nature and extent of the impacts to our business, which could have a material effect on our consolidated operating results for the first quarter of 2020 and potentially thereafter. given the uncertain nature of these circumstances, the related impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.
principal debt arrangements see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information regarding our debt agreements as of december 31, 2019.
off balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019, our off-balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of purchase obligations, disclosed below, and our variable interest in unconsolidated affiliates, which is our investment in bellagio breit venture. see note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our exposure to risks associated with our variable interest.
45
commitments and contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019:
2020               2021               2022               2023               2024               thereafter              total

(in millions)
long-term debt(1)                                             $-                 $-             $1,000             $1,649             $2,467                 $6,155              $11,271
estimated interest payments on long-term debt(2)             638                638                600                511                378                    498                3,263
construction commitments                                      31                  -                  -                  -                  -                      -                   31
operating lease liabilities(3)                               346                324                314                316                321                 10,067               11,688
finance lease liabilities(3)                                  30                 27                 25                 17                  -                      -                   99
other long-term liabilities(4)                                 -                 43                  7                  -                  -                     32                   82
other purchase obligations(5)                                109                 35                 24                  1                  -                      -                  169
$1,154             $1,067             $1,970             $2,494             $3,166                $16,752              $26,603
(1)   reflects scheduled amortization payments and debt maturities. refer to note 9 for further information on long-term debt.

(2)   estimated interest payments, including the impact of interest rate swap agreements, are based on principal amounts and expected maturities of debt outstanding at december 31, 2019.

(3)   refer to note 11 for further information on our leases.

(4)   reflects future expected cash outlays of our other long-term liabilities recorded on our balance sheet as of december 31, 2019, and, accordingly, we have not included such liabilities above that do not have future cash payments, such as deferred rent. we have also excluded contingent consideration related to the empire city acquisition, general liability and workers compensation insurance claims, deferred income tax liabilities and unrecognized tax benefits from the amounts presented in the table as the amounts that will be settled in cash are not known or contingent upon certain future events occurring, and the timing of any payments is uncertain.

(5)   our purchase obligations represent minimum obligations we have under agreements with certain of our vendors, primarily advertising and entertainment contracts. also, although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services, and hence, have not been included in the table above.

critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements. to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, we must make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. we regularly evaluate these estimates and assumptions, particularly in areas we consider to be critical accounting estimates, where changes in the estimates and assumptions could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. however, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and therefore actual results can differ from our estimates.
allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable marker play represents a significant portion of the table games volume at certain of our las vegas resorts. our other casinos do not emphasize marker play to the same extent, although we offer markers to customers at those casinos as well. mgm china extends credit to certain in-house vip gaming customers and gaming promoters. we maintain strict controls over the issuance of markers and aggressively pursue collection from our customers who fail to pay their marker balances timely. these collection efforts are similar to those used by most large corporations when dealing with overdue customer accounts, including the mailing of statements and delinquency notices, personal contacts, the use of outside collection agencies and civil litigation. markers are generally legally enforceable instruments in the united states and macau. markers are not legally enforceable instruments in some foreign countries, but the united states assets of foreign customers may be reached to satisfy judgments entered in the united states. we consider the likelihood and difficulty of enforceability, among other factors, when we issue credit to customers at our domestic resorts who are not residents of the united states. mgm china performs background checks and investigates the credit worthiness of gaming promoters and casino customers prior to issuing credit. refer to note 2 for further discussion of the company's casino receivables and those due from customers residing in foreign countries.
we maintain an allowance, or reserve, for doubtful casino accounts at all of our operating casino resorts. the provision for doubtful accounts, an operating expense, increases the allowance for doubtful accounts. we regularly evaluate the allowance for doubtful casino accounts. at domestic resorts where marker play is not significant, the allowance is generally established by applying standard reserve percentages to aged account balances. at domestic resorts where marker play is significant, we apply standard reserve percentages to aged account balances under a specified dollar amount and specifically analyze the collectability of each account with a balance over the specified dollar amount, based on the age of the account, the customer's financial condition, collection history and any other known information. mgm china specifically analyzes the collectability of casino receivables on an individual basis taking into account the age of the account, the financial condition and the collection history of the gaming promoter or casino customer.
46
in addition to enforceability issues, the collectability of unpaid markers given by foreign customers at our domestic resorts is affected by a number of factors, including changes in currency exchange rates and economic conditions in the customers' home countries. because individual customer account balances can be significant, the allowance and the provision can change significantly between periods, as information about a certain customer becomes known or as changes in a region's economy occur.
the following table shows key statistics related to our casino receivables, net of discounts:
december 31,

2019                     2018
(in thousands)
casino receivables                                                 $394,163                  $419,127
allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable                    88,338                    85,544
allowance as a percentage of casino accounts receivable                  22    %                   20   %
approximately $77 million and $48 million of casino receivables and $16 million and $12 million of the allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable relate to mgm china at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of casino accounts receivable increased in the current year due to an increase in the age of outstanding account balances at our domestic resorts. at december 31, 2019, a 100 basis-point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of casino accounts receivable would change income before income taxes by $4 million.
fixed asset capitalization and depreciation policies property and equipment are stated at cost. a significant amount of our property and equipment was acquired through business combinations and was therefore recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. maintenance and repairs that neither materially add to the value of the property nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. when we construct assets, we capitalize direct costs of the project, including fees paid to architects and contractors, property taxes, and certain costs of our design and construction subsidiaries. in addition, interest cost associated with major development and construction projects is capitalized as part of the cost of the project. interest is typically capitalized on amounts expended on the project using the weighted-average cost of our outstanding borrowings. capitalization of interest starts when construction activities begin and ceases when construction is substantially complete or development activity is suspended for more than a brief period.
we must make estimates and assumptions when accounting for capital expenditures. whether an expenditure is considered a maintenance expense or a capital asset is a matter of judgment. when constructing or purchasing assets, we must determine whether existing assets are being replaced or otherwise impaired, which also may be a matter of judgment. in addition, our depreciation expense is highly dependent on the assumptions we make about our assets' estimated useful lives. we determine the estimated useful lives based on our experience with similar assets, engineering studies, and our estimate of the usage of the asset. whenever events or circumstances occur which change the estimated useful life of an asset, we account for the change prospectively.
impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we evaluate our property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment based on our classification as held for sale or to be held and used. several criteria must be met before an asset is classified as held for sale, including that management with the appropriate authority commits to a plan to sell the asset at a reasonable price in relation to its fair value and is actively seeking a buyer. for assets classified as held for sale, we recognize the asset at the lower of carrying value or fair market value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, offers received, or a discounted cash flow model. for assets to be held and used, we review for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. we then compare the estimated future cash flows of the asset, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of the asset. if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, then an impairment is recorded based on the fair value of the asset. for operating assets, fair value is typically measured using a discounted cash flow model whereby future cash flows are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital, developed using a standard capital asset pricing model, based on guideline companies in our industry. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs. all recognized impairment losses, whether for assets to be held for sale or assets to be held and used, are recorded as operating expenses.
47
there are several estimates, assumptions and decisions in measuring impairments of long-lived assets. first, management must determine the usage of the asset. to the extent management decides that an asset will be sold, it is more likely that an impairment may be recognized. assets must be tested at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows exist. this means that some assets must be grouped, and management has some discretion in the grouping of assets. future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective and actual results may differ materially from our estimates.
on a quarterly basis, we review our major long-lived assets to determine if events have occurred or circumstances exist that indicate a potential impairment. potential factors which could trigger an impairment include underperformance compared to historical or projected operating results, negative industry or economic factors, significant changes to our operating environment, or changes in intended use of the asset group. we estimate future cash flows using our internal budgets and probability weight cash flows in certain circumstances to consider alternative outcomes associated with recoverability of the asset group, including potential sale. historically, undiscounted cash flows of our significant operating asset groups have exceeded their carrying values by a substantial margin. during 2019, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge relating to the carrying value of circus circus las vegas and adjacent land. refer to note 16 for further discussion.
we review indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually and between annual test dates in certain circumstances. we perform our annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of license rights and trademarks. for our 2019 annual impairment tests, we utilized the option to perform a qualitative ("step zero") analysis for certain of our indefinite-lived intangibles and concluded it was more likely than not that the fair values of such intangibles exceeded their carrying values by a substantial margin. we elected to perform a quantitative analysis for the borgata trade name using the relief-from-royalty method, for which the fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 11% in 2019. we also elected to perform a quantitative analysis for the northfield gaming license in 2019 primarily using the discounted cash flow approach, for which the fair value exceeded its carrying value by a substantial margin. as discussed below, management makes significant judgments and estimates as part of these analyses. if certain future operating results do not meet current expectations it could cause carrying values of the intangibles to exceed their fair values in future periods, potentially resulting in an impairment charge.
we review goodwill at least annually and between annual test dates in certain circumstances. none of our reporting units incurred any goodwill impairment charges in 2019. for our 2019 annual impairment tests, we utilized the option to perform a step zero analysis for certain of our reporting units and concluded it was more likely than not that the fair values of such reporting units exceeded their carrying values by a substantial margin. for reporting units for which we elected to perform a quantitative analysis, the fair value of such reporting units exceeded their carrying value by a substantial margin. as discussed below, management makes significant judgments and estimates as part of these analyses. if future operating results of our reporting units do not meet current expectations it could cause carrying values of our reporting units to exceed their fair values in future periods, potentially resulting in a goodwill impairment charge.
there are several estimates inherent in evaluating these assets for impairment. in particular, future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective and actual results may differ materially from our estimates. in addition, the determination of multiples, capitalization rates and the discount rates used in the impairment tests are highly judgmental and dependent in large part on expectations of future market conditions.
see note 2 and note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of goodwill and other intangible assets.
impairment of investments in unconsolidated affiliates see note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of our evaluation of other-than-temporary impairment of investments in unconsolidated affiliates. our investments in unconsolidated affiliates had no material impairments in 2019, 2018, or 2017.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets, net of applicable reserves, related to net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain temporary differences with a future tax benefit to the extent that realization of such benefit is more likely than not. otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied.
48
we file income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction, various state and local jurisdictions, and foreign jurisdictions, although the income taxes paid in foreign jurisdictions are not material. our income tax returns are subject to examination by the internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities. positions taken in tax returns are sometimes subject to uncertainty in the tax laws and may not ultimately be accepted by the irs or other tax authorities. see note 10 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status and impact of examinations by tax authorities.
we assess our tax positions using a two-step process. a tax position is recognized if it meets a "more likely than not" threshold and is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized. uncertain tax positions must be reviewed at each balance sheet date. liabilities we record as a result of this analysis are recorded separately from any current or deferred income tax accounts and are classified as current in "other accrued liabilities" or long-term in "other long-term liabilities" based on the time until expected payment. additionally, we recognize accrued interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
refer to note 10 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion relating to income taxes.
49
