item 1a.    risk factors cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k contains "forward‐looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. the use of words such as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "plans" and "believes," among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements include, among others, statements relating to: iac's future financial performance, iac's business prospects and strategy, including the separation of match group from iac, anticipated trends and prospects in the industries in which iac's businesses operate and other similar matters. these forward-looking statements are based on iac management's expectations and assumptions about future events as of the date of this annual report, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict.
actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward‐looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, among others, the risk factors set forth below. other unknown or unpredictable factors that could also adversely affect iac's business, financial condition and results of operations may arise from time to time. in light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward‐looking statements discussed in this annual report may not prove to be accurate. accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which only reflect the views of iac management as of the date of this annual report. iac does not undertake to update these forward‐looking statements.
risk factors risks related to our business and operations our success depends, in substantial part, on our continued ability to market, distribute and monetize our products and services through search engines, digital app stores and social media platforms.
the marketing, distribution and monetization of our products and services depends on our ability to cultivate and maintain cost-effective and otherwise satisfactory relationships with search engines, digital app stores and social media platforms, in particular, those operated by google, apple and facebook. these platforms could decide not to market and distribute some or all of our products and services, change their terms and conditions of use at any time (and without notice), favor their own products and services over ours and/or significantly increase their fees. while we expect to maintain cost-effective and otherwise satisfactory relationships with these platforms, no assurances can be provided that we will be able to do so and our inability to do so in the case of one or more of these platforms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in particular, as consumers increasingly access our products and services through applications (both mobile and desktop), we (primarily in the case of our match group and mosaic group businesses) increasingly depend upon the apple app store and the google play store to distribute our mobile and desktop browser applications. both apple and google have broad discretion to change their respective terms and conditions applicable to the distribution of our mobile applications, including those relating to the amount of (and requirement to pay) certain fees associated with purchases facilitated by apple and google through our mobile applications, their ability to interpret their respective terms and conditions in ways that may limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to distribute applications through their stores, the features we may provide in our products and services, our ability to access information about our subscribers and users that they collect and the manner in which we market in-app products. apple or google could also make changes to their operating systems or payment services that could negatively affect our businesses. we cannot assure you that apple or google will not limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with the distribution of our applications, the features we provide in our products and services, our ability to access information about our subscribers and users that they collect and the manner in which we market our in-app products. to the extent either or both of them do so, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in addition, the use of certain of our products and services also depends, in part, on social media platforms. for example, many users of match group's tinder, hinge and certain other dating products historically registered for (and logged into) these dating products exclusively through their facebook profiles. while match group launched an alternate authentication method that allows users to register for (and log into) tinder, hinge and other affected products using their mobile phone number, no assurances can be provided that users will no longer register for (and log into) these products through their facebook profiles. facebook has broad discretion to change its terms and conditions applicable to the data collected by its platform (and the use of such data) and to interpret its terms and conditions in ways that could limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to use facebook as an authentication method or to allow facebook to use such data to gain a competitive advantage. if any such event were to occur, our, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our success depends, in part, upon the continued migration of certain markets and industries online and the continued growth and acceptance of online products and services as effective alternatives to traditional offline products and services.
through our various businesses, we provide a variety of online products and services that continue to compete with their traditional offline counterparts. we believe that the continued growth and acceptance of online products and services generally will depend, to a large extent, on the continued growth in commercial use of the internet (particularly abroad) and the continued migration of traditional offline markets and industries online.
for example, the success of the businesses within our match group segment depends, in substantial part, on the continued migration of the dating market online, our ability to continue to provide dating products that users find more efficient, effective, comfortable and convenient relative to traditional means of meeting people and the continued erosion of stigma surrounding online dating (particularly in emerging markets and other parts of the world). if for any reason the dating market does not continue to migrate online as quickly as (or at lower levels than) we expect and/or a meaningful number of users do not embrace our dating products (and/or return to offline dating products and services), our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
similarly, the success of the businesses within our angi homeservices segment and our care.com business depends, in substantial part, on the continued migration of the home services and care-related services markets online. if for any reason these markets do not migrate online as quickly as (or at lower levels than) we expect and consumers and service professionals (and members and caregivers) continue, in large part, to rely on traditional offline efforts to connect with one another, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
lastly, as it relates to our advertising-supported businesses, our success also depends, in part, on our ability to compete for a share of available advertising expenditures as more traditional offline and emerging media companies continue to enter the online advertising market, as well as on the continued growth and acceptance of online advertising generally. if for any reason online advertising is not perceived as effective (relative to traditional advertising) and related mobile and other advertising models are not accepted, web browsers, software programs and/or other applications that limit or prevent advertising from being displayed become commonplace and/or the industry fails to effectively manage click fraud, the market for online advertising will be negatively impacted. any lack of growth in the market for online advertising could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
marketing efforts designed to drive visitors to our various brands and businesses may not be successful or cost-effective.
traffic building and conversion initiatives involve considerable expenditures for online and offline advertising and marketing. we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant expenditures for search engine marketing (primarily in the form of the purchase of keywords, which we purchase primarily through google and, to a lesser extent, microsoft and yahoo!), online display advertising and traditional offline advertising (including television and radio campaigns) in connection with these initiatives, which may not be successful or cost-effective. historically, we have had to increase advertising and marketing expenditures over time in order to attract and convert consumers, retain users and sustain our growth.
our ability to market our brands on any given property or channel is subject to the policies of the relevant third-party seller, publisher of advertising (including search engines and social media platforms with extraordinarily high levels of traffic and numbers of users) or marketing affiliate. as a result, we cannot assure you that these parties will not limit or prohibit us from purchasing certain types of advertising (including the purchase by iac of advertising with preferential placement), advertising certain of our products and services and/or using one or more current or prospective marketing channels in the future. if a significant marketing channel took such an action generally, for a significant period of time and/or on a recurring basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, if we fail to comply with the policies of third-party sellers, publishers of advertising and/or marketing affiliates, our advertisements could be removed without notice and/or our accounts could be suspended or terminated, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our failure to respond successfully to rapid and frequent changes in the pricing and operating dynamics of search engines, as well as changing policies and guidelines applicable to keyword advertising (which may be unilaterally updated by search engines without advance notice), could adversely affect both our paid search engine marketing efforts and free search engine traffic. such changes could adversely affect paid listings (both their placement and pricing), as well as the ranking of our brands and businesses within search results, any or all of which could increase our costs (particularly if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic) and adversely affect the effectiveness of our marketing efforts overall.
evolving consumer behavior (specifically, increased consumption of media through digital means) can also affect the availability of cost-effective marketing opportunities. to continue to reach consumers, engage with users and grow in this environment, we will need to identify and devote more of our overall marketing expenditures to newer digital advertising channels (such as online video and other digital platforms), as well as target consumers and users via these channels. since newer advertising channels are undeveloped and unproven relative to traditional channels (such as television), it could be difficult to assess returns on our related marketing investments, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
lastly, certain of our businesses also enter into various arrangements with third parties (including advertising agencies) to drive visitors to our various brands and businesses, which arrangements are generally more cost-effective than traditional marketing efforts. if these businesses are unable to renew existing (and enter into new) arrangements of this nature, sales and marketing costs as a percentage of revenue would increase over the long-term, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the quality and convertibility of traffic and leads generated through third-party arrangements are dependent on many factors, most of which are outside our control. if the quality and/or convertibility of traffic and leads do not meet the expectations of the users of our various products and services, our paid listings providers and/or advertisers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our brands and businesses operate in especially competitive and evolving industries.
the industries in which our brands and businesses operate are competitive, with a consistent and growing stream of new products and entrants. some of our competitors may enjoy better competitive positions in certain geographical areas, user demographics and/or other key areas that we currently serve or may serve in the future. generally (and particularly in the case of the businesses within our match group and angi homeservices segments), we compete with social media platforms with access to large existing pools of potential users and their personal information, which means these platforms can drive visitors to their products and services, as well as better tailor products and service to individual users, at little to no cost relative to our efforts. for example, our dating business competes with facebook, which introduced a dating feature on its platform that it has rolled out in north america and certain other markets and has stated it plans to roll out globally. we also compete generally with search engine providers and online marketplaces that can market their products and services online in a more prominent and cost-effective manner than we can. any of these advantages could enable our competitors to offer products and services that are more appealing to consumers than our products and services, respond more quickly and/or cost effectively than we do to evolving market opportunities and trends and/or display their own integrated or related products and services in a more prominent manner than our products and services in search results, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, costs to switch among products and services are low or non-existent and consumers generally have a propensity to try new products and services (and use multiple products and services simultaneously). as a result, we expect the continued emergence of new products and services, entrants and business models in the various industries in which our brands and businesses operate. our inability to compete effectively against new products, services and competitors could result in decreases in the size and levels of engagement of our various user and subscriber bases, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on internet search engines to drive traffic to our various properties. certain operators of search engines offer products and services that compete directly with our products and services. if links to websites offering our products and services are not displayed prominently in search results, traffic to our properties could decline and our business could be adversely affected.
in addition to paid marketing, we rely heavily on internet search engines, such as google, to drive traffic to our properties through their unpaid search results. although search results have allowed us to attract a large audience with low organic traffic acquisition costs in the past, if they fail to continue to drive sufficient traffic to our properties, we may need to increase our marketing spend to acquire additional traffic. we cannot assure you that the value we ultimately derive from any such additional traffic would exceed the cost of acquisition, and any increase in marketing expense may in turn harm our operating results.
the amount of traffic we attract from search engines is due in large part to how and where information from (and links to websites offering our products and services) are displayed on search engine results pages. the display, including rankings, of unpaid search results can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control, and may change frequently. search engines have made changes in the past to their ranking algorithms, methodologies and design layouts that have reduced the prominence of links to websites offering our products and services, and negatively impacted traffic to such websites, and we expect that search engines will continue to make such changes from time to time in the future.
however, we may not know how (or otherwise be in a position) to influence actions of this nature taken by search engines. with respect to search results in particular, even when search engines announce the details of their methodologies, their parameters may change from time to time, be poorly defined or be inconsistently interpreted.
in addition, in some instances, search engines may change their displays or rankings in order to promote their own competing products or services, or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. any such action could negatively impact the search rankings of links to websites offering our products and services, or the prominence with which such links appear in search results. our success depends on the ability of our products and services to maintain a prominent position in search results, and in the event operators of search engines promote their own competing products in the future in a manner that has the effect of reducing the prominence or ranking of our products and services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to build, maintain and/or enhance our various brands.
through our various businesses, we own and operate a number of widely known consumer brands with strong brand appeal and recognition within their respective markets and industries, as well as a number of emerging brands that we are in the process of building. we believe that our success depends, in large part, on our continued ability to maintain and enhance our established brands, as well as build awareness of (and loyalty to) our emerging brands. events that could adversely impact our brands and brand-building efforts include (among others): product and service quality concerns, consumer complaints and lawsuits, ineffective advertising, inappropriate and/or unlawful actions taken by users, service professionals and caregivers, actions taken by governmental or regulatory authorities, data protection and security breaches and related bad publicity. the occurrence or any of these events could, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to develop and monetize versions of our products and services for mobile and other digital devices.
as consumers increasingly access our products and services through mobile and other digital devices (including through digital voice assistants), we will need to continue to devote significant time and resources to ensure that our products and services are accessible across these platforms (and multiple platforms generally). if we do not keep pace with evolving online, market and industry trends (including the introduction of new and enhanced digital devices and changes in the preferences and needs of our users and consumers generally), offer new and/or enhanced products and services in response to such trends that resonate with consumers, monetize products and services for mobile and other digital devices as effectively as our traditional products and services and/or maintain related systems, technology and infrastructure in an efficient and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in addition, the success of our mobile and other digital products and services depends on their interoperability with various third-party operating systems, technology, infrastructure and standards, over which we have no control. any changes to any of these things that compromise the quality or functionality of our mobile and digital products and services could adversely affect their usage levels and/or our ability to attract consumers and advertisers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our brands and businesses are sensitive to general economic events or trends, particularly those that adversely impact advertising spending levels and consumer confidence and spending behavior.
a significant portion of our consolidated revenue (and a substantial portion of our net cash from operations that we can freely access), is attributable to online advertising, primarily revenue from our dotdash and applications segments and our ask media group business. accordingly, events and trends that result in decreased advertising expenditures and/or levels of consumer confidence and discretionary spending could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
similarly, the businesses within our angi homeservices segment are particularly sensitive to events and trends that could result in consumers delaying or foregoing home services projects and/or service professionals being less likely to pay for consumer matches and marketplace subscriptions, which could result in decreases in marketplace service requests and directory searches. any such decreases could result in turnover at the marketplace and/or in any of our directories, adversely impact the number and quality of service professionals at the marketplace and in our directories and/or adversely impact the reach of (and breath of services offered through) the marketplace and our directories, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to communicate with our users, subscribers and consumers via e-mail (or other sufficient means) is critical to our success.
as consumers increasingly communicate via mobile and other digital devices and messaging and social media apps, usage of e-mail (particularly among younger consumers) has declined and we expect this trend to continue. in addition, deliverability and other restrictions could limit or prevent our ability to send e-mails to users, subscribers and consumers. a continued and significant erosion in our ability to communicate with users, subscribers and consumers via e-mail could adversely impact the user experience, engagement levels and conversion rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we cannot assure you that any alternative means of communication (for example, push notifications and text messaging) will be as effective as e-mail has been historically.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to access, collect and use personal data about our users and subscribers.
we depend on search engines, digital app stores and social media platforms, in particular, those operated by google, apple and facebook, to market, distribute and monetize our products and services. our subscribers and users engage with these platforms directly, and in the case of digital app stores, may be subject to requirements regarding the use of their payment systems for various transactions. as a result, these platforms may receive personal data about our users and subscribers that we would otherwise receive if we transacted with our users and subscribers directly. certain of these platforms have restricted our access to personal data about our users and subscribers obtained through their platforms. if these platforms limit or increasingly limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to access, collect and use personal data about our users and subscribers that they have collected, our ability to identify and communicate with a meaningful portion of our user and subscriber bases may be adversely impacted. if so, our customer relationship management efforts, our ability to identify, target and reach new segments of our user and subscriber bases and the population generally, the efficiency of our paid marketing efforts, the rates we are able to charge advertisers seeking to reach users and subscribers on our various properties and our ability to develop and implement safety features, policies and procedures for certain of our products and services could be adversely affected. we cannot assure you that search engines, digital app stores and social media platforms upon which we rely will not limit or increasingly limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to access, collect and use personal data about our users and subscribers that they have collected. to the extent that any or all of them do so, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we may need to offset increasing digital app store fees by decreasing traditional marketing expenditures, increasing user volume or monetization per user or by engaging in other efforts to increase revenue or decrease costs generally.
we increasingly rely upon the apple app store and the google play store to distribute the mobile applications of our various businesses. while some of our mobile applications are generally free to download from these stores, many of our mobile applications (primarily our dating and mosaic group applications) are subscription-based and/or offer in-app à la carte features for a fee. we determine the prices at which these subscriptions and à la carte features are sold; however, all related purchases must be processed through the in-app payment systems provided by apple and, to a lesser extent, google. as a result, we pay apple and google, as applicable, a meaningful share (generally 30%, and in the case of subscription-based products, 30% for the first twelve months of a subscription and 15% thereafter) of the revenue we receive from these transactions. while we are constantly innovating on and creating our own payment systems and methods, given the increasing distribution of our mobile applications through digital app stores and strict in-app payment system requirements, we may need to offset these increased digital app store fees by decreasing traditional marketing expenditures as a percentage of revenue, increasing user volume or monetization per user or engaging in other efforts to increase revenue or decrease costs generally, or our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. additionally, to the extent google changes its terms and conditions or practices to require us to process purchases of subscriptions and à la carte features through its in-app payment system, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our success depends, in part, of the ability of angi homeservices and care.com to establish and maintain relationships with quality service professionals and caregivers.
we will need to continue to attract, retain and grow the number of skilled and reliable service professionals who can provide home services across angi homeservices platforms and caregivers who can provide care-related services across care.com platforms. if we do not offer innovative products and services that resonate with consumers and service professionals (and members and caregivers) generally, as well provide service professionals and caregivers with an attractive return on their marketing and advertising investments, the number of service professionals and caregivers affiliated with angi homeservices and care.com platforms, respectively, would decrease. any such decrease would result in smaller and less diverse networks and directories of service professionals and caregivers, and in turn, decreases in service requests, directory searches and member requests for caregivers, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend upon arrangements with google.
a meaningful portion of our consolidated revenue (and a substantial portion of our net cash from operations that we can freely access) is attributable to a services agreement with google. pursuant to this agreement, we display and syndicate paid listings provided by google in response to search queries generated by users of our applications and ask media group properties. in exchange for making our search traffic available to google, we receive a share of the revenue generated by the paid listings supplied to us, as well as certain other search‐related services. our current agreement with google expires on march 31, 2020. in february 2019, we amended this agreement, effective as of april 1, 2020, to extend the expiration date of our agreement to march 31, 2023; provided, however, that beginning september 2020 and each september thereafter, we or google may, after discussion with the other party, terminate the services agreement, effective on september 30 of the year following the year such notice is given. we believe that the amended agreement, taken as a whole, is comparable to our current agreement with google.
the amount of revenue we receive from google depends on a number of factors outside of our control, including the amount google charges for advertisements, the efficiency of google's system in attracting advertisers and serving up paid listings in response to search queries and parameters established by google regarding the number and placement of paid listings displayed in response to search queries. in addition, google makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to advertisers) of clicks on paid listings from searches performed on our properties and these judgments factor into the amount of revenue we receive. google also makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to users) of paid listings from searches performed on our properties and these judgments factor into the number of advertisements we can purchase. changes to the amount google charges advertisers, the efficiency of google's paid listings network, google's judgment about the relative attractiveness to advertisers of clicks on paid listings from our properties or to the parameters applicable to the display of paid listings generally could result in a decrease in the amount of revenue we receive from google and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we have experienced such changes in the past and such changes could come about in the future for a number of reasons, including general market conditions, competition or policy and operating decisions made by google. in the past, google has made changes to its policies under our services agreement, as well as made industry-wide changes to its policies and practices, that have negatively impacted our desktop and ask media group businesses.
our services agreement with google also requires that we comply with certain guidelines for the use of google brands and services, including the chrome browser and chrome web store. these guidelines govern which of our products and applications may access google services or be distributed through its chrome web store, and the manner in which google's paid listings are displayed within search results across various third-party platforms and products (including our properties). our services agreement also requires that we establish guidelines to govern certain activities of third parties to whom we syndicate paid listings, including the manner in which these parties drive search traffic to their websites and display paid listings. google may generally unilaterally update its policies and guidelines without advance notice, which could in turn require modifications to, prohibit and/or render obsolete certain of our products, services and/or business practices or impair the distribution of some of our products and services, any of which could be costly to address or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. google has made changes in the past that have adversely affected our results of operations and may do so again in the future. noncompliance with google's guidelines by us or the third parties to whom we are permitted to syndicate paid listings or through which we secure distribution arrangements for certain of our applications and ask media group properties could, if not cured, result in the suspension of some or all google services to our properties (or the websites of our third-party partners) and/or the termination of the services agreement by google.
the termination of the services agreement by google, the curtailment of our rights under the agreement, including the failure to allow our products to access google services (whether pursuant to the terms thereof or otherwise), and/or the failure of google to perform its obligations under the agreement would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if any of these events were to occur, we may not be able to find another suitable alternate provider of paid listings (or if an alternate provider were found, the economic and other terms of the agreement and the quality of paid listings may be inferior relative to our arrangements with, and the paid listings supplied by, google) or otherwise replace the lost revenues.
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us.
we operate in various foreign markets, primarily in various jurisdictions within the european union, and as a result, are exposed to foreign exchange risk for both the euro and british pound ("gbp"). during the fiscal years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, approximately 35% and 34% of our total revenues, respectively, were international revenues. we translate international revenues into u.s. dollar-denominated results. as a result, as foreign currency exchange rates fluctuate, the translation of the statement of operations of our international businesses into u.s. dollars affects the period-over-period comparability of operating results. we are also exposed to foreign currency exchange gains and losses to the extent we or our subsidiaries conduct transactions in, and/or have assets and/or liabilities that are denominated in, a currency other than the relevant entity's functional currency. for details regarding exchange rates and foreign currency exchange gains and losses for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, see "item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-foreign currency exchange risk."
the exit from the european union by the united kingdom may cause disruptions to capital and currency markets worldwide, and the full impact of this event remains uncertain. the exit from the european union by the united kingdom could result in exchange rate and other market and economic volatility, which could adversely affect our operating results.
we have not hedged foreign currency exposures historically given that related gains or losses were not material to the company. as we continue to grow and expand our international operations, our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations will increase and if significant, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to protect our systems, technology and infrastructure from cyberattacks and cyberattacks experienced by third parties may adversely affect us.
we are regularly under attack by perpetrators of malicious technology-related events, such as the use of botnets, malware or other destructive or disruptive software, distributed denial of service attacks, phishing, attempts to misappropriate user information and account login credentials and other similar malicious activities. the incidence of events of this nature (or any combination thereof) is on the rise worldwide. while we continuously develop and maintain systems designed to detect and prevent events of this nature from impacting our systems, technology, infrastructure, products, services and users, have invested (and continue to invest) heavily in these efforts and related personnel and training and deploy data minimization strategies (where appropriate), these efforts are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome preventative security measures become more sophisticated. despite these efforts, some of our systems have experienced past security incidents, none of which had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we could experience significant events of this nature in the future.
any event of this nature that we experience could damage our systems, technology and infrastructure and/or those of our users, prevent us from providing our products and services, compromise the integrity of our products and services, damage our reputation, erode our brands and/or be costly to remedy, as well as subject us to investigations by regulatory authorities, fines and/or litigation that could result in liability to third parties. even if we do not experience such events firsthand, the impact of any such events experienced by third parties could have a similar effect. we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses resulting from any of these events. if we (or any third-party with whom we do business or otherwise rely upon) experience(s) an event of this nature, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if personal, confidential or sensitive user information that we maintain and store is breached or otherwise accessed by unauthorized persons, it may be costly to mitigate and our reputation could be harmed.
we receive, process, store and transmit a significant amount of personal, confidential or sensitive user information and, in the case of certain of our products and services, enable users to share their personal information with each other. while we continuously develop and maintain systems designed to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of this information, we cannot guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information. when such events occur, we may not be able to remedy them, we may be required by law to notify regulators and impacted individuals and it may be costly to mitigate the impact of such events and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. when breaches of security (ours or that of any third-party we engage to store information) occur, we could face governmental enforcement actions, significant fines, litigation (including consumer class actions) and the reputation of our brands and business could be harmed, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if any of the search engines, digital app store or social media platform through which we market, distribute and monetize our products and services were to experience a breach, third parties could gain unauthorized access to personal data about our users and subscribers, which could indirectly harm the reputation of our brands and businesses and in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. see also "-the processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities and increased costs."
credit card data security breaches or fraud that we or third parties experience could adversely affect us.
certain of our businesses accept payment (including recurring payments) via credit and debit cards and certain online payment service providers. the ability of these businesses to access payment information on a real time‐basis without having to proactively reach out to users to process payments is critical to our success.
when we or a third party (including credit card processing companies, as well as any business that offers products and services online or offline generally) experience a data security breach involving credit card information, affected cardholders will often cancel their cards. in the case of a breach experienced by a third-party, the more sizable the third-party's customer base, the greater the number of accounts impacted and the more likely it is that our users would be impacted by such a breach. if such a breach impacts our users, we would need to contact affected users to obtain new payment information. it is likely that we would not be able to reach all users impacted by the breach, and even if we could, new payment information for some users may not be obtained and pending transactions may not be processed, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
even if our users are not directly impacted by a given data security breach, they may lose confidence in the ability of providers of online products and services to protect their personal information generally. as a result, they may stop using their credit cards online and choose alternative payment methods that are not as convenient for iac or restricts our ability to process payments without significant effort, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to prevent credit card data security breaches and fraudulent credit card transaction, we could face litigation, governmental enforcement actions, fines, civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, higher credit card-related costs and substantial remediation costs, or credit card processors could cease doing business with ut, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities and increased costs.
we receive, transmit and store a large volume of personal information and other user data in connection with the provision of online products and services, the processing of search queries and the display of advertising on our various properties. the manner in which we share, store, use, disclose and protect this information is determined by the respective privacy and data security policies of our various businesses, as well as federal, state and foreign laws and regulations and evolving industry standards and practices, which are changing, and in some cases, inconsistent and conflicting and subject to differing interpretations. in addition, new laws, regulations, standards and practices of this nature are proposed and adopted from time to time.
for example, a comprehensive european union privacy and data protection reform, the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr"), became effective in may 2018. the gdpr, which applies to companies that are organized in the european union or otherwise provide services to (or monitor) consumers who reside in the european union, imposes significant penalties (monetary and otherwise) for non-compliance, as well as provides a private right of action for individual claimants. the gdpr will continue to be interpreted by european union data protection regulators, which may require that we make changes to our business practices, and could generate additional risks and liabilities. the european union is also considering an update to its privacy and electronic communications directive to impose stricter rules regarding the use of cookies.
in addition, in october 2015, the european court of justice invalidated the u.s.-eu safe harbor framework that had been in place since 2000 for the transfer of personal data from the european economic area (the "eea") to the united states. although u.s. and european union authorities reached a political agreement for the transfer of personal data from the eea to the united states in february 2016 (the "eu-u.s. privacy shield"), it is facing mounting legal challenges. certain of our businesses continue to rely on the eu-u.s. privacy shield and it is unclear what effect these challenges will have on transfers of personal data from the eea to the united states in reliance on this framework going forward. if these businesses can no longer rely on the eu-u.s. privacy shield in connection with the transfer of personal data from the eea to the united states, they would need to make changes to their respective business practices to ensure compliance with the gdpr, which could be costly and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
also, the exit from the european union by the united kingdom could result in the application of new and conflicting data privacy and protection laws and standards to our operations in the united kingdom and our handling of personal data of users located in the united kingdom. at the same time, many jurisdictions abroad in which we do business have already or are currently considering adopting privacy and data protection laws and regulations.
moreover, multiple legislative proposals concerning privacy and the protection of user information are being considered by the u.s. congress and various u.s. state legislatures (including those in illinois, new york, virginia and washington). other u.s. state legislatures have already enacted privacy legislation, one of the strictest and most comprehensive of which is the california consumer privacy act of 2018, which became effective january 1, 2020 (the "ccpa"). the ccpa provides new data privacy rights for california consumers, including the right to know what personal information is being collected about them and how it is being used, as well as significant rights over the use of their personal information (including the right to have such information deleted and the right to object to the sale of such information) and new operational requirements for businesses (primarily providing consumers with enhanced privacy-related disclosures). the ccpa restricts the ability of our businesses to use personal california user and subscriber information in connection with our various products, services and operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the ccpa also provides consumers with a private right of action for security breaches, as well as provides for statutory damages of up to $750 per violation, with the california attorney general maintaining authority to enforce the ccpa and seek civil penalties for intentional violations of the ccpa of up to $7,500 per violation. in addition, a ballot initiative to address privacy matters has been filed with the office of the california attorney general, which is expected to be presented california voters in november 2020, could further restrict the ability of our businesses to use personal california user and subscriber information in connection with our various products, services and operations and/or impose additional operational requirements on our businesses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. lastly, the federal trade commission has also increased its focus on privacy and data security practices, as evidenced by the first-of-its-kind, $5 billion dollar fine against a social media platform for privacy violations.
while we believe that we comply with applicable privacy and data protection policies, laws and regulations and industry standards and practices in all material respects, we could still be subject to claims of non-compliance that we may not be able to successfully defend and/or significant fines and penalties. moreover, any non-compliance or perceived non-compliance by us (or any third-party we engage to store or process information) or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to (or use or transmission of) personal information could result in a variety of claims against us, including governmental enforcement actions, significant fines, litigation (including consumer class actions), claims of breach of contract and indemnity by third parties and adverse publicity. when such events occur, our reputation could be harmed and the competitive positions of our various brands and businesses could be diminished, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. additionally, to the extent multiple u.s. state-level (or european union member-state level) laws are introduced with inconsistent or conflicting standards and there is no federal or european union regulation to preempt such laws, compliance could be even more difficult to achieve and our potential exposure to the risks discussed above could increase.
lastly, ongoing compliance with existing (and compliance with future) privacy and data protection laws worldwide could be costly. the devotion of significant costs to compliance (versus to the development of products and services) could result in delays in the development of new products and services, us ceasing to provide problematic products and services in existing jurisdictions and us being prevented from introducing products and services in new and existing jurisdictions, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on the integrity, quality, efficiency and scalability of our systems, technology and infrastructure, and those of third parties.
we rely on our systems, technology and infrastructure to perform well on a consistent basis. from time to time in the past we have experienced (and in the future we may experience) occasional interruptions that make some or all of this framework and related information unavailable or that prevent us from providing products and services; any such interruption could arise for any number of reasons. we also rely on third-party data center service providers and cloud-based, hosted web service providers, as well as third-party computer systems and a variety of communications systems and service providers in connection with the provision of our products and services generally, as well as to facilitate and process certain payment and other transactions with users. we have no control over any of these third parties or their operations.
the framework described could be damaged or interrupted at any time due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, acts of god and other similar events or disruptions. any event of this nature could prevent us from providing our products and services at all (or result in the provision of our products on a delayed or interrupted basis) and/or result in the loss of critical data. while we and the third parties upon whom we rely have certain backup systems in place for certain aspects of our respective frameworks, none of our frameworks are fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. when such damages, interruptions or outages occur, our reputation could be harmed and the competitive positions of our various brands and businesses could be diminished, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we also continually work to expand and enhance the efficiency and scalability of our framework to improve the consumer experience, accommodate substantial increases in the number of visitors to our various platforms, ensure acceptable load times for our various products and services and keep up with changes in user preferences. if we do not do so in a timely and cost-effective manner, the user experience and demand across our brands and businesses could be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
mr. diller and certain members of his family are able to exercise significant influence over the composition of our board of directors, matters subject to stockholder approval and our operations.
as of the date of this report, mr. diller, his spouse, diane von furstenberg, and his stepson, alexander von furstenberg, collectively beneficially owned shares of class b common stock and common stock that represented approximately 42.5% of the total outstanding voting power of iac (based on the number of shares of iac common stock outstanding on january 31, 2020). for details regarding the iac securities beneficially owned by mr. diller, ms. von furstenberg and mr. von furstenberg, see "item 1-business-equity ownership and vote."
as a result of shares of class b common stock and common stock beneficially owned by these individuals, they are, collectively, currently in a position to influence, subject to our organizational documents and delaware law, the composition of iac's board of directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, such as mergers, business combinations and dispositions of assets, among other corporate transactions. in addition, this concentration of investment and voting power could discourage others from initiating a potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to iac and its shareholders, which could adversely affect the market price of iac securities.
we depend on our key personnel.
our future success will depend upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled individuals worldwide, particularly in the case of senior management. competition for well-qualified employees across iac and its various businesses is intense and we must attract new (and retain existing) employees to compete effectively. while we have established programs to attract new (and retain existing) employees, we may not be able to attract new (or retain existing) key and other employees in the future. in addition, if we do not ensure the effective transfer of knowledge to successors and smooth transitions (particularly in the case of senior management) across our various businesses, our business, financial condition and results of operations generally, could be adversely affected.
we may experience risks related to acquisitions.
we have made numerous acquisitions in the past and we continue to seek to identify potential acquisition candidates that will allow us to apply our expertise to expand their capabilities, as well as maximize our existing assets. if we do not identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions on satisfactory pricing or other terms, our growth could be adversely affected.
even if we complete what we believe to be suitable acquisitions, we may experience related operational and financial risks. as a result, to the extent that we continue to grow through acquisitions, we will need to:
•properly value prospective acquisitions, especially those with limited operating histories;
•   successfully integrate the operations, as well as the various functions and systems, of acquired businesses with our existing operations, functions and systems;
•successfully identify and realize potential synergies among acquired and existing businesses;
•retain or hire senior management and other key personnel at acquired businesses; and
•successfully manage acquisition‐related strain on management, operations and financial resources.
we may not be successful in addressing these challenges or any other problems encountered in connection with historical and future acquisitions, including the pending acquisition of care.com. in addition, the anticipated benefits of one or more acquisitions, including any that iac expects to realize as a result of the acquisition of care.com, may not be realized. also, future acquisitions could result in increased operating losses, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and/or the assumption of contingent liabilities. lastly, the value of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired could be impacted by one or more continuing unfavorable events and/or trends, which could result in significant impairment charges. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we face additional risks in connection with our international operations.
we currently operate in various jurisdictions abroad and may continue to expand our international presence. operating abroad, particularly in jurisdictions where we have limited experience, exposes us to additional risks, including:
•operational and compliance challenges caused by distance, language barriers and cultural differences;
•difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;
•differing levels (or lack) of social and technological acceptance of our products and services;
•slow or lagging growth in the commercial use and acceptance of the internet;
•foreign currency fluctuations;
•restrictions on the transfer of funds among countries and back to the united states and related repatriation costs;
•differing and potentially adverse tax laws;
•   compliance challenges due to differences in laws and regulatory environments, particularly in the case of privacy, data security and intermediary liability laws, rules and regulations;
•competitive environments that favor local businesses;
•limitations on the level of intellectual property protection; and
•trade sanctions, political unrest, terrorism, war and epidemics or the threat of any of these events.
the occurrence of any or all of these events could adversely affect our international operations, and in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. our success in international markets will also depend, in large part, on our ability to successfully complete international acquisitions, joint ventures or other transactions and integrate these businesses and operations with our own.
a variety of new laws, or new interpretations of existing laws, could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business.
we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the u.s. and abroad that involve matters that are important to or may otherwise impact our business, including, among others, broadband internet access, online commerce, advertising, privacy and data protection, intermediary liability, consumer protection, protection of minors, taxation and securities compliance. these domestic and foreign laws, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. as a result, the application, interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the internet industry, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, as well as in a manner that could conflict with our current policies and practices. we face the same issues in the case of amended, proposed or new laws and regulations.
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as responding to any related inquiries, investigations or other government action, could be costly, delay or impede the development of new products and services, require modifications to existing products and services, require us to change or cease certain business practices and/or require significant management time and attention. non-compliance could subject us to remedies that could harm our business, such as fines, demands or orders that require us to modify or cease then current products and services, as well as result in negative publicity, any of which, if significant, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are particularly sensitive to laws and regulations that adversely impact the popularity or growth in use of the internet and/or online products and services generally, restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or manner in which we provide our products and services, regulate the practices of third parties upon which we rely to provide our products and services and undermine open and neutrally administered internet access. for example, in february 2019, the secretary of state for digital, culture, media and sport of the united kingdom, indicated in public comments that his office intends to inquire as to the measures utilized by online dating platforms (including tinder) to prevent access by underage users. to the extent our dating business is required to implement new measures to prevent such access, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, in april 2019, the united kingdom published proposed legislation that would create a new regulatory body responsible for establishing duties of care for internet companies and for assessing related compliance. as proposed, failure to comply with the legislation could result in fines, blocking of services and personal liability for senior management. to the extent our businesses are required to implement new measures and/or make changes to our products and services to ensure compliance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. compliance with this legislation or similar or more stringent legislation in other jurisdictions could be costly, and the failure to comply could result in service interruptions and negative publicity, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, in december 2017, the u.s. federal communications commission (the "fcc") adopted an order reversing net neutrality protections in the united states, including the repeal of specific rules against blocking, throttling or "paid prioritization" of content or services by internet service providers. to the extent internet service providers take such actions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in the case of the businesses within our match group, angi homeservices, vimeo and applications segments, as well as our care.com business, we are also sensitive to the adoption of any law or regulation affecting the ability of our businesses to periodically charge for recurring membership or subscription payments. for example, the european union payment services directive, which became effective in 2018, could impact the ability of our businesses to process auto-renewal payments for, as well offer promotional or differentiated pricing to, users who reside in the european union, and similar new (and proposed changes to similar existing legislation or regulations) are being considered in many u.s. states. the adoption of any law or regulation that adversely affects revenue from recurring membership or subscription payments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are also generally sensitive to the adoption of new tax laws. the european commission and several european countries have recently adopted (or intend to adopt) proposals that would change various aspects of the current tax framework under which certain of our european businesses are taxed, including proposals to change or impose new types of non-income taxes (including taxes based on a percentage of revenue). for example, france enacted a digital services tax in 2019, which is applicable to revenues over specified thresholds generated by businesses that provide intermediary services (any digital interface that enables users to contact and interact with others) to, and/or publish advertising-based user data linked to, users residing in france. the proposal, which is applicable retroactively to revenues earned from and after january 1, 2019, would likely apply to certain of our businesses. the united kingdom previously enacted a similar proposal, the digital services tax, which is applicable to revenues of social media platforms, online marketplaces and search engines linked to users residing in the united kingdom and earned from and after april 1, 2020, which would likely apply to certain of our businesses. one or more of these or similar proposed tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, in the case of our angi homeservices segment and to a lesser extent, our care.com business, we are particularly sensitive to the adoption of worker classification laws, specifically, laws that could effectively require us to change our classification of certain of our service professionals and caregivers from independent contractors to employees, as well as changes to state and local laws or judicial decisions relating to the definition and/or classification of independent contractors. for example, california recently passed a worker classification statute (ab 5), which effectively narrowed the definition of an independent contractor by requiring hiring entities to use a stricter test to determine a given worker's classification. in addition, ab 5 places the burden of proof for classifying workers as independent contractors on hiring entities and provides enforcement powers to the state and certain cities. also, legislative proposals concerning worker classification are being considered by various states, including new york and new jersey. since we currently treat certain of our service professionals (and in limited cases, our caregivers) as independent contractors for all purposes, we do not withhold federal, state and local income or other employment related taxes, make federal or state unemployment tax or federal insurance contributions act payments or provide workers' compensation insurance with respect to such individuals. if we are required as the result of new laws to reclassify these individuals as employees, we could be exposed to various liabilities and additional costs, including exposure (for prior and future periods) under federal, state and local tax laws, and workers' compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, and employment laws, as well as potential liability for penalties and interest, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we are involved in various legal proceedings and investigations challenging the classification of these individuals as independent contractors and may become involved in other proceedings and investigations in the future.
lastly, in the case of the businesses within our vimeo segment, we are also sensitive to the changes in laws and regulations that limit the liability of online intermediaries for copyright infringement by their users. while the u.s. digital millennium copyright act (the "dmca") currently provides a safe harbor for online intermediates, based primarily on the principles of notice and takedown. if the dmca is interpreted in a manner unfavorable to online providers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, in june 2019, the european union passed the directive on copyright in the digital state market, which requires each european union member state to adopt by june 2021 a regulatory framework that requires online intermediaries and copyright holders to use best efforts to license or takedown to infringing content. to the extent this legislation or similar or more stringent legislation in the u.s. or other jurisdictions abroad requires our businesses to implement new measures and/or make changes to our products and services to ensure compliance, which could be costly, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties.
we rely heavily upon our trademarks and related domain names and logos to market our brands and to build and maintain brand loyalty and recognition, as well as upon trade secrets. we also rely, to a lesser extent, upon patented and patent-pending proprietary technologies with expiration dates ranging from 2020 to 2037.
we rely on a combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect our various intellectual property rights. for example, we have generally registered and continue to apply to register and renew, or secure by contract where appropriate, trademarks and service marks as they are developed and used, and reserve, register and renew domain names as we deem appropriate. we also generally seek to apply for patents or for other similar statutory protections as and if we deem appropriate, based on then current facts and circumstances, and will continue to do so in the future. no assurances can be given that these efforts will result in adequate trademark and service mark protection, adequate domain name rights and protections, the issuance of a patent or adequate patent protection against competitors and similar technologies. third parties could also create new products or methods that achieve similar results without infringing upon patents we own.
despite these measures, challenges to our intellectual property rights could still arise, third parties could copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization and/or laws regarding the enforceability of existing intellectual property rights could change in an adverse manner. the occurrence of any of these events could result in the erosion of our brands and limitations on our ability to control marketing online using our various domain names, as well as impede our ability to effectively compete against competitors with similar technologies, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we have been subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business related to alleged claims of infringement of the intellectual property of others by us and users of certain of our products and services and may need to institute legal proceedings in the future to enforce, protect or refine the scope of our intellectual property rights. for example, in march 2018, our match group business filed a lawsuit against bumble trading inc., which operates and markets the online dating application bumble in the united states, for patent and trademark infringement, as well as trade secret misappropriation. bumble's counterclaims request that our trademark registration for tinder's swipe trademark be canceled and that a number of our pending applications for trademark registration be denied. this case is currently pending in federal court in the western district of texas. any legal proceedings related to intellectual property, regardless of outcome or merit, could be costly and result in diversion of and technical resources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our liquidity, indebtedness and dilution our current and future indebtedness could affect our ability to operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2019, we had total debt outstanding of approximately $3.1 billion, of which approximately $1.3 billion, $1.6 billion and $232.0 million was owed by iac, match group and angi homeservices, respectively. as of that date, we, match group and angi homeservices had borrowing availability of $250 million, $500 million and $250 million, respectively, under our revolving credit facilities. neither match group, angi homeservices nor any of their respective subsidiaries guarantee any indebtedness of iac or are currently subject to any of the covenants related to such indebtedness. similarly, neither iac nor any of its subsidiaries (other than match group and its subsidiaries in the case of match group indebtedness and angi homeservices and its subsidiaries in the case of angi homeservices indebtedness) guarantee any indebtedness of match group or angi homeservices nor are subject to any of the covenants related to such indebtedness.
the terms of the indebtedness of iac, match group and angi homeservices could:
•   limit our respective abilities to obtain additional financing to fund working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures or other debt service requirements or for other purposes;
•   limit our respective abilities to use operating cash flow in other areas of our respective businesses because we must dedicate a substantial portion of these funds to service indebtedness;
•   limit our respective abilities to compete with other companies who are not as highly leveraged;
•   restrict any one or more of us from making strategic acquisitions, developing properties or exploiting business opportunities;
•   restrict the way in which one or more of us conducts business;
•   expose one or more of us to potential events of default, which if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results;
•   increase our respective vulnerabilities to a downturn in general economic conditions or in pricing of our various products and services; and
•limit our respective abilities to react to changing market conditions in the various industries in which we do business.
subject to certain restrictions, we and our subsidiaries may incur additional unsecured and secured indebtedness. if additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions is significant, the risks described above could increase.
lastly, if an event a default has occurred or our leverage ratio exceeds specified thresholds, our ability to pay dividends, make distributions and repurchase or redeem our capital stock would be limited. match group and angi homeservices are subject to similar restrictions. see "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-financial position, liquidity and capital resources and financial position."
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness.
the ability of iac, match group and angi homeservices to satisfy our respective debt obligations will depend upon, among other things:
•   our respective future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and
•   the future ability of iac, match group and angi homeservices to borrow under our respective revolving credit facilities, which will depend on, among other things, our ability to comply with the covenants governing our respective indebtedness.
neither we, nor match group nor angi homeservices may be able to generate sufficient cash flow from our respective operations and/or borrow under our respective revolving credit facilities in amounts sufficient to meet our scheduled debt obligations. see also "-we may not freely access the cash of match group, angi homeservices and their respective subsidiaries" below. if so, we could be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or seek additional capital in a manner that complies with the terms (including certain restrictions and limitations) of our current indebtedness. if these efforts do not generate sufficient funds to meet our scheduled debt obligations, we would need to seek additional financing and/or negotiate with our lenders to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. our ability to do so would depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. any such financing, restructuring or refinancing could be on less favorable terms than those governing our current indebtedness and would need to comply with the terms (including certain restrictions and limitations) of our existing indebtedness.
we may not freely access the cash of match group, angi homeservices and their respective subsidiaries.
potential sources of cash for iac include our available cash balances, net cash from the operating activities of certain of our subsidiaries, availability under our revolving credit facility and proceeds from asset sales, including marketable securities. while the ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments or advances to us depends on their individual operating results and applicable statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions generally, in the case of match group and angi homeservices, the terms of their indebtedness limit their ability to pay dividends or make distributions, loans or advances to stockholders, including iac, in certain circumstances. in addition, because match group and angi homeservices are separate and distinct legal entities with public shareholders, they have no obligation to provide us with funds.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk.
as of december 31, 2019, match group and angi homeservices had $425 million and $275 million, respectively, outstanding under their term loans (and no amounts outstanding under their revolving credit facilities) . borrowings under these loans are, and any borrowings under the revolving credit facilities of iac, match group or angi homeservices will be, at variable interest rates, which exposes us to interest rate risk. for details regarding interest rates applicable to the variable rate indebtedness of match group and angi homeservices described above as of december 31, 2019 and how certain increases and decreases in libor rate would affect related interest expense, see "item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
you may experience dilution with respect to your investment in iac, and iac may experience dilution with respect to its investments in match group and angi homeservices, as a result of compensatory equity awards.
we have issued various compensatory equity awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock unit awards denominated in shares of our common stock, as well as in equity of our various consolidated subsidiaries, including match group and angi homeservices. for more information regarding these awards and their impact on our diluted earnings per share calculation, see "note 11-stock-based compensation" and "note 10-earnings per share," respectively, to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
the issuance of shares of iac common stock in settlement of these equity awards could dilute your ownership interest in iac. awards denominated in shares of match group or angi homeservices common stock that are settled in shares of those subsidiaries could dilute iac's ownership interest in match group and angi homeservices, respectively. the dilution of our ownership stake(s) in match group and/or angi homeservices could impact our ability, among other things, to maintain match group and/or angi homeservices as part of our consolidated tax group for u.s. federal income tax purposes, to effect a tax-free distribution of our match group and/or angi homeservices stake(s) to our stockholders or to maintain control of match group and/or angi homeservices. as we generally have the right to maintain our levels of ownership in match group and angi homeservices to the extent match group or angi homeservices issues additional shares of their respective capital stock in the future pursuant to investor rights agreements, we do not intend to allow any of the foregoing to occur and we expect that the separation will be a tax-free distribution to our stockholders.
with respect to awards denominated in shares of our non-publicly traded subsidiaries, we estimate the dilutive impact of those awards based on our estimated fair value of those subsidiaries. those estimates may change from time to time, and the fair value determined in connection with vesting and liquidity events could lead to more or less dilution than reflected in our diluted earnings per share calculation.
risks relating to the separation for purposes of the risks relating to the separation below only, references to: (i) "iac" means iac/interactivecorp, a delaware corporation, as in existence prior to the completion of the separation, (ii) "match group" refers to match group, inc., a delaware corporation, as in existence prior to the completion of the separation; (iii) "new iac" refers to iac holdings, inc., a delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of iac prior to the completion of separation and which will be referred to as iac/interactivecorp from and after the completion of the separation, and (iv) "new match" means iac, as in existence from and after the completion of the separation and which will be renamed match group, inc.
the separation is subject to certain closing conditions that, if not satisfied or waived, will result in the separation not being completed, which may cause the market price of iac and match group securities to decline.
the completion of the separation is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of a number of conditions, including the receipt of certain approvals from the stockholders of iac and match group and the absence of material litigation. some of the conditions to the completion of the separation are outside of the control of iac and match group. if any condition to the closing of the separation is not satisfied or waived, the separation will not be completed. in addition, iac and match group may terminate the transaction agreement in certain circumstances.
if the separation is not completed, the market price of iac and/or match group securities may fluctuate to the extent that then current market prices of those securities reflect a market assumption that the separation will be completed (among other reasons). based on historical activity, any fluctuation in the market price of match group securities will likely result in a fluctuation in the market price of iac securities. if the separation is not completed, iac will have incurred significant costs, including certain investment banking, financing, legal and accounting fees and related expenses and the diversion of management resources, for which we will have received little or no benefit.
new iac and new match may not be able to achieve some or all of the benefits that they expect to result from the separation.
anticipated benefits that new iac and new match expect to result from the separation may be delayed or not be achieved at all. for example, there can be no assurances that, despite enhanced management focus, receipt of needed capital and simplification of its corporate structure, new iac will succeed in building and scaling its remaining businesses and growing through acquisitions. similarly, there can be no assurances that new match will be able to take advantage of the improved strategic flexibility resulting from the elimination of a controlling shareholder and having a single class of "one share-one vote" common stock. if these and other anticipated benefits are not achieved or delayed, the business, financial condition and results of operations of new iac and/or new match could be adversely affected.
if certain aspects of the separation fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes, new iac, new match their respective stockholders could suffer material adverse consequences.
the completion of the separation is conditioned upon, among other things, the receipt of tax opinions from iac's outside counsel to the effect that certain aspects of the separation and related transactions will be tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
these tax opinions will be based upon and rely on, among other things, various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of iac, match group and new iac, including those relating to past and future conduct. if any of these representations, statements or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, or if any of the representations or covenants contained in any agreements and documents relating to the separation or in any document relating to such tax opinions are inaccurate or not complied with by iac, match group or new iac, the tax opinions may be invalid and the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized.
even if these tax opinions are valid, no assurances can be provided that the u.s. internal revenue service (the "irs") will agree that certain aspects of the separation qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. in the event the irs were to prevail with such a challenge, new iac, new match and their respective stockholders could suffer material adverse consequences.
even if certain aspects of the separation were otherwise to qualify as a tax-free transaction under sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), the separation could result in taxable gain to new match (but not its stockholders) under section 355(e) of the code if certain aspects of the separation were deemed to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, shares representing a 50 percent or greater interest (by vote or value) in iac (or after the completion of the separation, new match) or new iac within two years before or after the separation.
following the separation, new iac and new match will be parties to a tax matters agreement pursuant to which, among other things, each of them will be responsible for certain tax liabilities and obligations following the separation. under the tax matters agreement, new iac generally will be responsible for, and will indemnify new match against, any liabilities incurred as a result of the failure of certain aspects of the separation to qualify for the intended tax-free treatment unless, subject to certain exceptions, the failure to so qualify is attributable to match group's (or, after the separation, new match's) actions or failure to act, match group's breach of certain representations or covenants or certain acquisitions of equity securities of new match, in each case, described in the tax matters agreement. the amount of any such liability for which new iac or new match would be responsible may be significant and, if incurred, could have a material adverse effect on new iac's or new match's, as the case may be, business, financial condition and results of operations and, therefore, adversely affect the value of new iac common stock or new match common stock.
new iac and new match may not be able to engage in desirable capital-raising or strategic transactions following the separation.
to preserve the tax-free treatment of certain aspects of the separation, the tax matters agreement will, during the two-year period following the separation, impose certain restrictions on new iac and new match (except in specific circumstances): (i) ceasing to actively conduct certain of their respective businesses; (2) entering into certain transactions or a series of transactions pursuant to which all or a portion of their outstanding capital stock would be acquired, whether by merger or otherwise; (iii) liquidating or merging or consolidating with any other person; (iv) issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds; (v) repurchasing shares of their outstanding capital stock (other than in certain open-market transactions); or (vi) taking any other action that (or failing to take any other action, the failure of which) would certain aspects of the separation, together with certain related transactions, to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code. these restrictions may limit the ability of new iac and new match to pursue certain equity issuances, strategic transactions, repurchases or other transactions that they may otherwise believe to be in the best interests of their respective stockholders or that might increase the value of their respective businesses. also, the potential responsibility of new iac and new match for liabilities arising from the failure of certain aspects of the separation to qualify for tax-free treatment, or their indemnity obligations to each other for such liabilities under the tax matters agreement, could discourage, delay or prevent certain third parties from acquiring new iac or new match.
after the separation, actual or potential conflicts of interest may develop between new iac's management and directors, on the one hand, and the management and directors of new match, on the other hand.
after the separation, management and directors of new iac may own new iac and new match common stock. this ownership overlap could create (or appear to create) potential conflicts of interest when new iac directors and executive officers face decisions that could have different implications for new iac and new match. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of disputes regarding terms of the agreements governing the separation and the relationship between new iac and new match following the separation. potential conflicts of interest could also arise if new iac and new match were to enter into new commercial arrangements in the future.
in addition, joseph levin initially will serve as the executive chairman of new match's board of directors, while also serving as the chief executive officer of new iac. glenn h. schiffman will initially serve as a director of new match while also serving as an executive officer of new iac and alan g. spoon will serve as a director of both new iac and new match. the fact that messrs. levin, schiffman and spoon will hold positions with both companies following the completion of the separation could create (or appear to create) potential conflicts of interest for each of them when facing decisions that may affect both companies, and each of them may also face conflicts of interest with regard to the allocation of his time between both companies.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations key terms:
when the following terms appear in this report, they have the meanings indicated below:
reportable segments (for additional information see "note 12-segment information" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data":
•   match group ("mtch") - is a leading provider of subscription dating products, with a portfolio of dating brands, including tinder, match, plentyoffish and okcupid. at december 31, 2019, iac's economic interest and voting interest in mtch were 80.7% and 97.5%, respectively.
•   angi homeservices ("angi") - connects quality home service professionals across 500 different categories, from repairing and remodeling to cleaning and landscaping, with consumers through category-transforming products under brands such as homeadvisor, angie's list, handy and fixd repair. on september 29, 2017, iac's homeadvisor business and angie's list, inc. ("angie's list") combined under a new publicly-traded company called angi homeservices, inc. (the "combination"). at december 31, 2019, iac's economic interest and voting interest in angi were 84.1% and 98.1%, respectively.
•   vimeo - operates a global video platform for creative professionals, small and medium businesses ("smbs"), organizations and enterprises to connect with their audiences, customers and employees.
•   dotdash - is a portfolio of digital brands providing expert information and inspiration in select vertical content categories.
•   applications - consists of desktop, which includes our direct-to-consumer downloadable desktop applications and the business-to-business partnership operations, and mosaic group, which is a leading provider of global subscription mobile applications comprised of the following businesses: apalon, itranslate, teltech and, effective april 1, 2018 upon its transfer from emerging &amp; other, daily burn.
•   emerging &amp; other - consists of ask media group, bluecrew, nursefly, a temporary healthcare staffing platform acquired on june 26, 2019, the daily beast, college humor media and iac films; it also includes daily burn, for periods prior to its transfer to mosaic group, and citygrid, dictionary.com and electus, for periods prior to the sales of these businesses in the fourth quarter of 2018.
operating metrics:
in connection with the management of our businesses, we identify, measure and assess a variety of operating metrics. the principal metrics we use in managing our businesses are set forth below:
match group
•   north america - consists of the financial results and metrics associated with users located in the united states and canada.
•   international - consists of the financial results and metrics associated with users located outside of the united states and canada.
•   direct revenue - is revenue that is received directly from end users of its products and includes both subscription and à la carte revenue.
•   subscribers - are users who purchase a subscription to one of mtch's products. users who purchase only à la carte features are not included in subscribers.
•   average subscribers - is the number of subscribers at the end of each day in the relevant measurement period divided by the number of calendar days in that period.
•   average revenue per subscriber ("arpu") - is direct revenue from subscribers in the relevant measurement period (whether in the form of subscription or à la carte revenue from subscribers) divided by the average subscribers in such period and further divided by the number of calendar days in such period. direct revenue from users who are not subscribers and have purchased only à la carte features is not included in arpu.
angi homeservices
•   marketplace revenue - includes revenue from the homeadvisor and handy domestic marketplace, including consumer connection revenue for consumer matches, revenue from completed jobs sourced through the homeadvisor and handy platforms and service professional membership subscription revenue. it excludes revenue from angie's list, mhelpdesk, homestars, fixd repair and felix.
•   advertising &amp; other revenue - includes angie's list revenue (revenue from service professionals under contract for advertising and membership subscription fees from consumers) as well as revenue from mhelpdesk, homestars, fixd repair, a home warranty and service company, acquired on january 25, 2019, and, for periods prior to its sale on december 31, 2018, felix.
•   marketplace service requests - are fully completed and submitted domestic customer service requests to homeadvisor and completed jobs sourced through the homeadvisor and handy platforms.
•   marketplace paying service professionals ("marketplace paying sps") - are the number of homeadvisor and handy domestic service professionals that paid for consumer matches or completed a job sourced through the homeadvisor and handy platforms in the last month of the period and/or had an active homeadvisor membership subscription on the last day of the relevant period.
vimeo
•   platform revenue - primarily includes revenue from software-as-a-service ("saas") subscription fees and other related revenue from vimeo subscribers.
•   hardware revenue - includes sales of our live streaming accessories. vimeo sold its hardware business on march 29, 2019.
•   vimeo ending subscribers - is the number of subscribers to vimeo's saas video tools at the end of the period (including the addition of subscribers from magisto, a video creation service enabling consumers and businesses to create short-form videos acquired on may 28, 2019).
dotdash
•   display advertising revenue - primarily includes revenue generated from display advertisements sold both directly through our sales team and via programmatic exchanges.
•   performance marketing revenue - primarily includes affiliate commerce and performance marketing commissions generated when consumers are directed from our properties to third-party service providers. affiliate commerce commissions are generated when a consumer completes a transaction. performance marketing commissions are generated on a cost-per-click or cost-per-new account basis.
operating costs and expenses:
•   cost of revenue - consists primarily of traffic acquisition costs, which includes (i) the amortization of in-app purchase fees and (ii) payments made to partners who direct traffic to our ask media group websites, who distribute our business-to-business customized browser-based applications and who integrate our paid listings into their websites. in-app purchase fees are monies paid to apple and google in connection with the processing of in-app purchases of subscriptions and product features through the in-app payment systems provided by apple and google. traffic acquisition costs include payment of amounts based on revenue share and other arrangements. cost of revenue also includes hosting fees, compensation expense (including stock-based compensation expense) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in data center operations and mtch customer care functions, payments made to workers staffed by bluecrew, credit card processing fees, production costs related to iac films, college humor media and, for periods prior to its sale on october 29, 2018, electus, content costs and expenses associated with the operation of the company's data centers.
•   selling and marketing expense - consists primarily of advertising expenditures, which include online marketing, including fees paid to search engines, social media sites and third parties that distribute our direct-to-consumer downloadable desktop applications, offline marketing, which is primarily television advertising, and partner-related payments to those who direct traffic to the brands within our mtch and angi segments, and compensation expense (including stock-based compensation expense) and other employee-related costs for angi's sales force and marketing personnel.
•   general and administrative expense - consists primarily of compensation expense (including stock-based compensation expense) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in executive management, finance, legal, tax, human resources and customer service functions (except for mtch which includes customer service costs within cost of revenue), fees for professional services (including transaction-related costs related to the separation, defined below, and acquisitions), rent expense, facilities costs, bad debt expense, software license and maintenance costs and acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments (described below). the customer service function at angi includes personnel who provide support to its service professionals and consumers.
•   product development expense - consists primarily of compensation expense (including stock-based compensation expense) and other employee-related costs that are not capitalized for personnel engaged in the design, development, testing and enhancement of product offerings and related technology and software license and maintenance costs.
•   acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments - relate to the portion of the purchase price of certain acquisitions that is contingent upon the financial performance and/or operating metric targets of the acquired company. the fair value of the liability is estimated at the date of acquisition and adjusted each reporting period until the liability is settled. significant changes in financial performance and/or operating metrics will result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. the changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements during each reporting period, including the accretion of the discount if the arrangement is longer than one year, are recognized in "general and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.
long-term debt (for additional information see "note 7-long-term debt" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data":
•   mtch term loan - due november 16, 2022. the outstanding balance of the mtch term loan as of december 31, 2019 is $425.0 million. the mtch term loan bears interest at libor plus 2.50% and was 4.44% and 5.09% at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•   mtch credit facility - mtch's $500 million revolving credit facility expires on december 7, 2023. at december 31, 2019, there were no outstanding borrowings under the mtch credit facility. at december 31, 2018, the outstanding borrowings under the mtch credit facility were $260.0 million, which bore interest at libor plus 1.50%, or 4.00%. the mtch credit facility was repaid with a portion of the net proceeds from the 5.625% mtch senior notes issued on february 15, 2019 (described below).
•   6.375% mtch senior notes - mtch's 6.375% senior notes due june 1, 2024, with interest payable each june 1 and december 1. the outstanding balance of the 6.375% mtch senior notes as of december 31, 2019 is $400.0 million.
•   5.00% mtch senior notes - mtch's 5.00% senior notes due december 15, 2027, with interest payable each june 15 and december 15. the outstanding balance of the 5.00% mtch senior notes as of december 31, 2019 is $450.0 million.
•   5.625% mtch senior notes - on february 15, 2019, mtch issued $350 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.625% senior notes due february 15, 2029, with interest payable each february 15 and august 15. the proceeds were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the mtch credit facility, to pay expenses associated with the offering, and for general corporate purposes. the outstanding balance of the 5.625% mtch senior notes as of december 31, 2019 is $350.0 million.
•   angi term loan - due november 5, 2023. the outstanding balance of the angi term loan as of december 31, 2019, is $247.5 million. at both december 31, 2019 and 2018, the angi term loan bears interest at libor plus 1.50% and has quarterly principal payments. the interest rate was 3.25% and approximately 4.00% at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
•   angi credit facility - the angi $250 million revolving credit facility expires on november 5, 2023. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, there were no outstanding borrowings under the angi credit facility.
•   2022 exchangeable notes - on october 2, 2017, iac financeco, inc., a subsidiary of the company, issued $517.5 million aggregate principal amount of 0.875% exchangeable senior notes due october 1, 2022, which are exchangeable into shares of the company's common stock. interest is payable each april 1 and october 1. the outstanding balance of the 2022 exchangeable notes as of december 31, 2019 is $517.5 million.
•   2026 exchangeable notes - during the second quarter of 2019, iac financeco 2, inc., a subsidiary of the company, issued $575.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.875% exchangeable senior notes due june 15, 2026, which are exchangeable into shares of the company's common stock. a portion of the net proceeds were used to pay the net premium on the exchangeable note hedge transactions and the remainder will be used for general corporate purposes. interest is payable each june 15 and december 15. the outstanding balance of the 2026 exchangeable notes as of december 31, 2019 is $575.0 million.
•   2030 exchangeable notes - during the second quarter of 2019, iac financeco 3, inc., a subsidiary of the company, issued $575.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.00% exchangeable senior notes due january 15, 2030, which are exchangeable into shares of the company's common stock. a portion of the net proceeds were used to pay the net premium on the exchangeable note hedge transactions and the remainder will be used for general corporate purposes. interest is payable each january 15 and july 15; commencing on january 15, 2020. the outstanding balance of the 2030 exchangeable notes as of december 31, 2019 is $575.0 million.
•   4.75% senior notes - iac's 4.75% senior notes due december 15, 2022, with interest payable each june 15 and december 15. on august 23, 2019, the company redeemed all outstanding 4.75% senior notes for $34.5 million plus a premium of $0.5 million and accrued interest of $0.3 million.
•   iac credit facility - the iac $250 million revolving credit facility, under which iac group, llc, a subsidiary of the company, is the borrower, expires on november 5, 2023. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, there were no outstanding borrowings under the iac credit facility.
non-gaap financial measure:
•   adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda") - is a non-gaap financial measure. see "principles of financial reporting" for the definition of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to iac shareholders to operating income to consolidated adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
management overview as used herein, "iac," the "company," "we," "our" or "us" and similar terms refer to iac/interactivecorp and its subsidiaries (unless the context requires otherwise).
iac operates vimeo and dotdash, among many other online businesses, and also has majority ownership of both match group, which includes tinder, match, plentyoffish, okcupid and hinge, and angi homeservices, which includes homeadvisor, angie's list and handy.
on december 19, 2019, iac entered into a transaction agreement (the "transaction agreement") with mtch, iac holdings, inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of iac ("new iac"), and valentine merger sub llc, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of iac. subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the transaction agreement, the businesses of mtch will be separated from the remaining businesses of iac through a series of transactions that will result in the pre-transaction stockholders of iac owning shares in two, separate public companies-(1) iac, which will be renamed match group, inc. ("new match") and which will own the businesses of mtch and certain iac financing subsidiaries, and (2) new iac, which will be renamed iac/interactivecorp and which will own iac's other businesses-and the pre-transaction stockholders of mtch (other than iac) owning shares in new match. completion of the separation, which is expected to occur in mid-second quarter of 2020, is subject to a number of conditions, including approval by a majority of the disinterested shareholders of mtch, approval of iac's shareholders and other customary conditions and approvals. we refer to the full separation as the "separation".
sources of revenue mtch's revenue is primarily derived directly from users in the form of recurring subscription fees, which typically provide unlimited access to a bundle of features for a specific period of time. revenue is also derived from à la carte features, where users pay a non-recurring fee for a specific action or event, and from online advertisers who pay to reach our large audiences.
angi revenue is primarily derived from (i) consumer connection revenue, which comprises fees paid by homeadvisor service professionals for consumer matches (regardless of whether the service professional ultimately provides the requested service) and fees from completed jobs sourced through the homeadvisor and handy platforms, and (ii) homeadvisor service professional membership subscription fees. consumer connection revenue varies based upon several factors, including the service requested, product experience offered and geographic location of service. revenue is also derived from (i) sales of time-based website, mobile and call center advertising to service professionals, (ii) membership subscription fees from consumers and (iii) service warranty subscription and other services. prior to january 1, 2020, handy recorded revenue on a net basis. effective january 1, 2020, we modified the handy terms and conditions so that handy, rather than the service professional, has the contractual relationship with the consumer to deliver the service and handy, rather than the consumer, has the contractual relationship with the service professional. consumers request services and pay for such services directly through the handy platform and then handy fulfills the request with independently established home services providers engaged in a trade, occupation and/or business that customarily provides such services. this change in contractual terms requires gross revenue accounting treatment effective january 1, 2020. also, in the case of certain tasks, homeadvisor provides a pre-priced product offering, pursuant to which consumers can request services through a homeadvisor platform and pay for the services directly. homeadvisor then fulfills the request with independently established home services providers engaged in a trade, occupation and/or business that customarily provides such services. revenue from homeadvisor's pre-priced product offering is also recorded on a gross basis effective january 1, 2020. in addition to changing the presentation of revenue to gross from net, the timing of revenue recognition will change for pre-priced jobs and will be later than the timing of existing consumer connection revenue for homeadvisor because we will not be able to record revenue, generally, until the service professional completes the job on our behalf.
vimeo revenue is derived primarily from annual and monthly saas subscription fees paid by subscribers for self-serve and enterprise subscription plans.
dotdash revenue consists principally of display advertising revenue and performance marketing revenue. display advertising revenue is generated primarily through digital display advertisements sold directly by our sales team and through programmatic advertising networks. performance marketing revenue includes affiliate commerce and performance marketing commissions. affiliate commerce commissions is generated when dotdash refers users to commerce partner websites resulting in a purchase or transaction. performance marketing commissions are generated on a cost-per-click or cost-per-new account basis.
mosaic group revenue consists primarily of fees related to subscription downloadable mobile applications distributed through the apple app store and google play store, as well as display advertisements.
revenue for the businesses within the emerging & other segment is generated primarily through advertising, subscriptions and media production and distribution. for periods prior to their sales: dictionary.com revenue was derived principally from advertising; and electus revenue was primarily generated through media production and distribution.
services agreement with google a meaningful portion of the company's revenue is attributable to a services agreement with google (the "services agreement"). in addition, the company earns certain other advertising revenue from google that is not attributable to the services agreement. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, consolidated revenue earned from google was $733.5 million and $825.2 million, respectively, representing 15% and 19%, respectively, of the company's consolidated revenue.
revenue attributable to the services agreement is earned by the desktop business within the applications segment and ask media group within the emerging & other segment. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, revenue earned from the services agreement was $291.1 million and $426.5 million, respectively, within the applications segment and $385.9 million and $339.0 million, respectively, within the emerging & other segment.
the current services agreement expires on march 31, 2020. on february 11, 2019, the company and google amended the services agreement, effective as of april 1, 2020. the amendment extends the expiration date of the agreement to march 31, 2023; provided that during september 2020 and during each september thereafter, either party may, after discussion with the other party, terminate the services agreement, effective on september 30 of the year following the year such notice is given. the company believes that the amended agreement, taken as a whole, is comparable to the company's currently existing agreement with google. the services agreement requires that the company comply with certain guidelines promulgated by google. google may generally unilaterally update its policies and guidelines without advance notice. these updates may be specific to the services agreement or could be more general and thereby impact the company as well as other companies. these policy and guideline updates could in turn require modifications to, or prohibit and/or render obsolete certain of our products, services and/or business practices, which could be costly to address or otherwise have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations, particularly our desktop business and ask media group. as described below, google has made changes to the policies under the services agreement and has also made industry-wide changes that have negatively impacted the desktop business during both 2018 and 2019.
google's policy changes related to its chrome browser, which became effective on september 12, 2018, negatively impacted the distribution of our b2c downloadable desktop products. the resultant reduction in projected profits and revenues of this business resulted in a $27.7 million impairment of the b2c trade name, which was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2018. on may 31, 2019, google announced industry-wide policy changes, which became effective on july 1, 2019, related to all extensions distributed through the chrome web store. these industry-wide changes, combined with other changes to polices under the services agreement during the second half of 2019, have had a negative impact on the historical and expected future results of operations of the desktop business. as of december 31, 2019, the goodwill balance of the desktop reporting unit and the carrying value of the related intangible asset are $265.1 million and $28.9 million, respectively. the fair values of the desktop reporting unit and the related intangible asset approximate their carrying values; therefore, a modest reduction in the fair values of the desktop reporting unit or the related intangible asset would result in an impairment charge, which would be equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of such assets.
distribution, marketing and advertiser relationships we pay traffic acquisition costs, which consist of fees paid to apple and google related to the distribution and the facilitation of in-app purchases of product features and payments made to partners who direct traffic to our ask media group websites, who distribute our business-to-business customized browser-based applications and who integrate our paid listings into their websites. we also pay to market and distribute our services on third-party distribution channels, such as google and other search engines and social media websites such as facebook. in addition, some of our businesses manage affiliate programs, pursuant to which we pay commissions and fees to third parties based on revenue earned. these distribution channels might also offer their own services and products, as well as those of other third parties, which compete with those we offer.
we market and offer our services and products to consumers through branded websites, allowing consumers to transact directly with us in a convenient manner. we have made, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in online and offline advertising to build our brands and drive traffic to our websites and consumers and advertisers to our businesses.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with item 8. consolidated financial statements and supplementary data. for a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, please refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on march 1, 2019.
overview-consolidated results years ended december 31,
2019                                                        $ change          % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
revenue:
match group                    $2,051,258              $321,408              19   %             $1,729,850
angi homeservices               1,326,205               193,964              17   %              1,132,241
vimeo                             196,015                36,374              23   %                159,641
dotdash                           167,594                36,603              28   %                130,991
applications                      519,459               (62,828    )        (11   )%               582,287
emerging &amp; other              496,832               (31,418    )         (6   )%               528,250
inter-segment elimination            (308   )   60                           16   %                   (368   )
total                          $4,757,055              $494,163              12   %             $4,262,892
operating income (loss):
match group                      $648,531               $95,237              17   %               $553,294
angi homeservices                  38,645               (25,261    )        (40   )%                63,906
vimeo                             (51,921   )           (16,327    )        (46   )%               (35,594   )
dotdash                            29,021                10,243              55   %                 18,778
applications                      113,569                18,735              20   %                 94,834
emerging &amp; other              (13,012   )           (42,976    )         nm                     29,964
corporate                        (183,500   )           (23,457    )        (15   )%              (160,043   )
total                            $581,333               $16,194               3   %               $565,139
adjusted ebitda:
match group                      $779,432              $125,501              19   %               $653,931
angi homeservices                 202,297               (45,209    )        (18   )%               247,506
vimeo                             (41,790   )           (13,745    )        (49   )%               (28,045   )
dotdash                            39,601                18,217              85   %                 21,384
applications                      103,551               (28,286    )        (21   )%               131,837
emerging &amp; other               (7,756   )           (43,934    )         nm                     36,178
corporate                         (88,640   )           (14,623    )        (20   )%               (74,017   )
total                            $986,695               $(2,079    )          -   %               $988,774
_____________________
nm = not meaningful.
•   revenue increased $494.2 million, or 12%, to $4.8 billion, due to growth from mtch of $321.4 million and angi of $194.0 million, increases of $36.6 million from dotdash and $36.4 million from vimeo, partially offset by decreases of $62.8 million from applications and $31.4 million from emerging &amp; other due, in part, to the sales of electus, dictionary.com and citygrid in the fourth quarter of 2018.
•   operating income increased $16.2 million, or 3%, to $581.3 million, despite the decrease in adjusted ebitda of $2.1 million, described below, due primarily to a change of $21.2 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments (income of $19.7 million in 2019 compared to expense of $1.5 million in 2018) and a decrease of $15.8 million in amortization of intangibles, partially offset by increases of $13.0 million in depreciation and $2.4 million in stock-based compensation expense and a $3.3 million goodwill impairment charge related to the college humor media business. the income from acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments in 2019 is due to the decrease in the expected amount of contingent consideration to be paid in connection with a previous acquisition. the decrease in amortization of intangibles was due primarily to the inclusion in 2018 of an impairment charge of $27.7 million at applications related to a trade name at the desktop business and lower expense from the combination, partially offset by recent acquisitions and a $6.6 million impairment charge related to a trade name at mtch. the increase in depreciation was due primarily to the development of capitalized software to support angi's products and services, as well as leasehold improvements related to additional office space at angi. the increase in stock-based compensation expense was due primarily to the issuance of new equity awards since 2018, including those issued in connection with recent acquisitions, expense of $9.4 million related to the vesting of certain awards for which the market condition was met in the first quarter of 2019 and modification charges at mtch and corporate, partially offset by a decrease of $38.0 million in modification and acceleration charges related to the combination ($32.6 million in 2019 compared to $70.6 million in 2018), a net decrease in a mark-to-market adjustment and the reversal of $7.6 million in cumulative expense in 2019 related to certain performance-based awards that did not vest.
•   adjusted ebitda decreased $2.1 million to $986.7 million, despite growth of $125.5 million from mtch and $18.2 million from dotdash, due primarily to decreases of $45.2 million from angi and $28.3 million from applications, a loss of $7.8 million in 2019 from emerging &amp; other compared to a profit of $36.2 million in 2018, and increased losses of $14.6 million and $13.7 million from corporate and vimeo, respectively.
acquisitions and dispositions affecting year-over-year comparability include:
acquisitions:                     reportable segment:    acquisition date:
bluecrew - controlling interest   emerging &amp; other   february 26, 2018
hinge - controlling interest *    mtch                   second quarter of 2018
itranslate                        applications           march 15, 2018
teltech                           applications           october 22, 2018
handy                             angi                   october 19, 2018
fixed repair                      angi                   january 25, 2019
magisto                           vimeo                  may 28, 2019
nursefly - controlling interest   emerging &amp; other   june 26, 2019
___________________
* in the fourth quarter of 2018, mtch acquired the remaining noncontrolling interests in hinge.
dispositions:               reportable segment:    sale date:
electus                     emerging &amp; other   october 29, 2018
dictionary.com              emerging &amp; other   november 13, 2018
felix                       angi                   december 31, 2018
citygrid                    emerging &amp; other   december 31, 2018
vimeo's hardware business   vimeo                  march 29, 2019
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018
revenue years ended december 31,
2019                                                        $ change          % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
match group                    $2,051,258              $321,408              19      %          $1,729,850
angi homeservices               1,326,205               193,964              17      %           1,132,241
vimeo                             196,015                36,374              23      %             159,641
dotdash                           167,594                36,603              28      %             130,991
applications                      519,459               (62,828    )        (11     )%             582,287
emerging &amp; other              496,832               (31,418    )         (6     )%             528,250
inter-segment elimination            (308   )   60                           16      %                (368   )
total                          $4,757,055              $494,163              12      %          $4,262,892
•   mtch revenue increased 19% to $2.1 billion driven by international direct revenue growth of $208.3 million, or 27%, and north america direct revenue growth of $121.7 million, or 13%. both international and north america direct revenue growth were driven by higher average subscribers, up 27% to 4.7 million and 9% to 4.6 million, respectively, due primarily to continued growth in subscribers at tinder and hinge, with pairs contributing to international growth. total arpu increased 2% driven by an increase of 4% in north america arpu, due to tinder, as subscribers purchased more premium subscriptions. international arpu was unfavorably impacted by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the euro, british pound ("gbp") and certain other currencies.
•   angi revenue increased 17% to $1.3 billion driven by marketplace revenue growth of $210.7 million, or 27%, the growth of $6.2 million, or 9%, at the european businesses, partially offset by a decrease of $23.0 million, or 8%, in advertising &amp; other revenue. advertising &amp; other revenue decreased due primarily to the sale of felix on december 31, 2018, partially offset by the contribution from fixd repair, acquired on january 25, 2019. marketplace revenue growth was driven by a 17% increase in marketplace service requests to 27.4 million and a 3% increase in marketplace paying sps to 220,000, reflecting, in part, the contribution from handy. revenue growth at the european businesses was driven by growth across several countries, partially offset by the unfavorable impact from the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the euro and gbp.
•   vimeo revenue grew 23% to $196.0 million due to platform revenue growth of $47.1 million, or 32%, partially offset by lower hardware revenue of $10.7 million due to the sale of the hardware business in the first quarter of 2019. platform revenue growth was driven by a 30% increase in vimeo ending subscribers to 1.2 million and a 10% increase in average revenue per subscriber, including the contribution from magisto, acquired may 28, 2019.
•   dotdash revenue increased 28% to $167.6 million due to 22% higher display advertising revenue and growth of 51% in performance marketing revenue. higher display advertising revenue was due primarily to a 26% increase in traffic.
•   applications revenue decreased 11% to $519.5 million, despite an increase $75.7 million, or 61%, in mosaic group, due to a decrease of $138.5 million, or 30%, at desktop. the decrease at desktop was driven by lower queries and continuing partnership declines. the increase at mosaic group was driven by the acquisitions of teltech and itranslate, on october 22, 2018 and march 15, 2018, respectively, growth of 12% related to the ongoing transition to subscription products and new products and the transfer of daily burn from the emerging &amp; other segment effective april 1, 2018.
•   emerging &amp; other revenue decreased 6% to $496.8 million due primarily to the sales of electus, dictionary.com and citygrid in the fourth quarter of 2018 and lower revenue at iac films, as well as from the transfer of daily burn to mosaic group, partially offset by higher revenue at ask media group due to growth in paid traffic, primarily in international markets, and the contribution from bluecrew.
cost of revenue years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                    $ change         % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below)   $1,127,420         $216,274         24%              $911,146
as a percentage of revenue                                                  24%                                                21%
cost of revenue in 2019 increased from 2018 due to increases of $117.2 million from mtch and $92.3 million from emerging & other.
•   the mtch increase was due primarily to an increase of $80.1 million in in-app purchase fees paid to apple and google as mtch's revenue continues to be increasingly sourced through mobile app stores, $21.9 million in hosting fees and $11.2 million in compensation expense related to increased customer care personnel.
•   the emerging &amp; other increase was due primarily to an increase of $116.9 million in traffic acquisition costs, principally driven by higher revenue at ask media group, and an increase of $16.0 million in payments made to workers staffed by bluecrew, partially offset by a decrease of $27.0 million in production costs, driven by the sale of electus in 2018 and lower revenue from iac films, the sale of citygrid in 2018 and the transfer of daily burn to mosaic group.
selling and marketing expense years ended december 31,
2019                                               $ change         % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
selling and marketing expense   $1,629,623         $110,183         7%               $1,519,440
as a percentage of revenue             34%                                                  36%
selling and marketing expense in 2019 increased from 2018 due to increases of $191.8 million from angi, $24.4 million from vimeo and $7.5 million from mtch, partially offset by decreases of $67.3 million from emerging & other and $48.8 million from applications.
•   the angi increase was due primarily to increases in advertising expense of $135.9 million and compensation expense of $24.4 million as well as $29.2 million of expense from the inclusion of handy and fixd repair. the increase in advertising expense was due primarily to increased online marketing and television spend. the efficiency of online marketing spend was negatively impacted by traffic sourced through google. in 2019, the proportion of service requests through google free traffic declined while service requests through google paid traffic increased. in addition, paid service requests were considerably more expensive on average than in 2018. we have implemented new processes in the second half of 2019 and we expect the year over year increase in 2020 to be more modest, particularly in the back half of the year. as our new processes are fully in place, we are increasingly more focused on profitability targets of our paid service requests than the cost of each service request. compensation expense increased due primarily to growth in the sales force.
•   the vimeo increase was due primarily to higher marketing of $15.3 million, due primarily to expense from the inclusion of magisto and a brand campaign in the first half of 2019, and an increase in compensation expense of $9.1 million, due in part, to growth in the sales force.
•   the mtch increase was due primarily to increases in spending for various marketing campaigns at tinder, hinge and pairs, partially offset by lower marketing spend at meetic, match and plentyoffish. as a percentage of revenue, selling and marketing expense decreased due primarily to continued revenue growth from brands with relatively lower marketing spend.
•   the emerging &amp; other decrease was due primarily to decreases in marketing of $50.2 million at ask media group, driven by a shift in revenue resulting in the payment of traffic acquisition costs, and $5.9 million at iac films, the sales of electus, citygrid and dictionary.com, and the transfer of daily burn to mosaic group, partially offset by an increase in compensation expense of $2.9 million at bluecrew.
•   the applications decrease was due primarily to lower online marketing of $63.7 million at desktop as we mitigated the negative impact on revenue from google's chrome web store policy changes as well as other changes to policies under the services agreement, both of which occurred in 2019, partially offset by higher online marketing of $13.3 million at mosaic group due primarily to expense from the inclusion of teltech and increases at itranslate and daily burn.
general and administrative expense years ended december 31,
2019                                                  $ change         % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
general and administrative expense   $888,950         $114,871         15%              $774,079
as a percentage of revenue                19%                                                18%
general and administrative expense in 2019 increased from 2018 due to increases of $74.7 million from mtch, $24.8 million from angi, $20.9 million from corporate and $12.4 million from vimeo, partially offset by a decrease of $11.8 million from applications and $10.2 million from emerging & other.
•   the mtch increase was due primarily to increases of $38.1 million in legal fees, $19.0 million in compensation expense, including an increase in stock-based compensation expense and headcount, and $4.7 million in non-income taxes, primarily related to the recently enacted french digital services tax, which is retroactive to the beginning of 2019. the increase in stock-based compensation expense was due to the issuance of new equity awards since the prior year period and the impact from modification charges during 2019.
•   the angi increase was due primarily to $30.4 million of expense from the inclusion of handy and fixd repair, including $9.5 million of stock-based compensation expense related to awards issued in connection with these acquisitions, an increase of $16.8 million in bad debt expense due to higher marketplace revenue, and increase of $3.0 million in software license and maintenance costs, partially offset by a decrease of $26.5 million in compensation expense and the inclusion in 2018 of $3.6 million in integration-related costs in connection with the combination. the decrease in compensation expense was due primarily to a decrease of $37.1 million in stock-based compensation expense reflecting a decrease of $33.8 million in expense due to the modification and acceleration charges related to the combination ($27.2 million in 2019 compared to $61.0 million in 2018) and the reversal of $7.3 million in cumulative expense in 2019 related to certain performance-based awards that did not vest, partially offset by the issuance of new equity awards since 2018.
•   the corporate increase was due primarily to an increase in stock-based compensation expense and higher professional fees, including $7.9 million in costs related to the separation. the increase in stock-based compensation expense was due primarily to the issuance of new equity awards since the prior year period and from modification charges in 2019, partially offset by a net decrease in a mark-to-market adjustment.
•   the vimeo increase was due primarily to an increase of $5.3 million in compensation expense due primarily to higher headcount, expense from the inclusion of magisto and a charge of $2.1 million related to vacating office space.
•   the applications decrease was due primarily to a change of $20.9 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments (income of $19.7 million in 2019 compared to expense of $1.1 million in 2018), partially offset by an increase of $9.3 million in compensation expense due primarily to recent acquisitions. the income from acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments in 2019 is due to the decrease in the expected amount of contingent consideration to be paid in connection with a previous acquisition.
•   the emerging &amp; other decrease was due primarily to sales of electus, dictionary.com and citygrid in 2018 and the transfer of daily burn to mosaic group, partially offset by an increase in compensation expense of $2.7 million from bluecrew and $1.7 million in transaction costs related to the care.com acquisition, which closed on february 11, 2020.
general and administrative expense was further impacted by the inclusion in 2018 of a $4.8 million favorable legal settlement.
product development expense years ended december 31,
2019                                           $ change         % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
product development expense   $345,417         $36,088          12%              $309,329
as a percentage of revenue          7%                                                 7%
product development expense in 2019 increased from 2018 due to increases of $19.9 million from mtch, $8.1 million from dotdash and $7.8 million from vimeo.
•   the mtch increase was due primarily to an increase of $18.6 million in compensation expense, including an increase of $10.3 million in stock-based compensation expense due primarily to expense related to the vesting of certain awards for which the market condition was met in 2019, and higher headcount at tinder.
•   the dotdash increase was due primarily to an increase of $7.4 million in compensation expense due primarily to higher headcount and an increase in expense for contractors engaged in content development.
•   the vimeo increase was due primarily to an increase of $6.4 million in compensation expense due primarily to higher headcount and expense from the inclusion of magisto.
depreciation years ended december 31,
2019                                         $ change         % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
depreciation                 $88,399         $13,039          17%              $75,360
as a percentage of revenue        2%                                                2%
depreciation in 2019 increased from 2018 due primarily to increased capital expenditures at angi, partially offset by certain fixed assets becoming fully depreciated.
operating income (loss)
years ended december 31,
2019                                                     $ change          % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
match group                     $648,531             $95,237              17      %          $553,294
angi homeservices                 38,645             (25,261    )        (40     )%            63,906
vimeo                            (51,921   )         (16,327    )        (46     )%           (35,594   )
dotdash                           29,021              10,243              55      %            18,778
applications                     113,569              18,735              20      %            94,834
emerging &amp; other             (13,012   )         (42,976    )         nm                   29,964
corporate                       (183,500   )         (23,457    )        (15     )%          (160,043   )
total                           $581,333             $16,194               3      %          $565,139
as a percentage of revenue               12%                                                          13%
________________________
nm = not meaningful.
49
operating income in 2019 increased from 2018, despite the decrease in adjusted ebitda of $2.1 million, described below, due primarily to a change of $21.2 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments (income of $19.7 million in 2019 compared to expense of $1.5 million in 2018) and a decrease of $15.8 million in amortization of intangibles, partially offset by increases of $13.0 million in depreciation and $2.4 million in stock-based compensation expense and a $3.3 million goodwill impairment charge related to the college humor media business. the income from acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments in 2019 is due to the decrease in the expected amount of contingent consideration to be paid in connection with a previous acquisition. the decrease in amortization of intangibles was due primarily to the inclusion in 2018 of an impairment charge of $27.7 million at applications related to a trade name at the desktop business and lower expense from the combination, partially offset by recent acquisitions and a $6.6 million impairment charge related to a trade name at mtch. the increase in depreciation was due primarily to the development of capitalized software to support angi's products and services, as well as leasehold improvements related to additional office space at angi. the increase in stock-based compensation expense was due primarily to the issuance of new equity awards since 2018, including those issued in connection with recent acquisitions, expense of $9.4 million related to the vesting of certain awards for which the market condition was met in the first quarter of 2019 and modification charges at mtch and corporate, partially offset by a decrease of $38.0 million in modification and acceleration charges related to the combination ($32.6 million in 2019 compared to $70.6 million in 2018), a net decrease in a mark-to-market adjustment and the reversal of $7.6 million in cumulative expense in 2019 related to certain performance-based awards that did not vest.
at december 31, 2019, there was $272.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to all equity-based awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.3 years.
adjusted ebitda years ended december 31,
2019                                                       $ change          % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
match group                     $779,432              $125,501              19      %          $653,931
angi homeservices                202,297               (45,209    )        (18     )%           247,506
vimeo                            (41,790   )           (13,745    )        (49     )%           (28,045   )
dotdash                           39,601                18,217              85      %            21,384
applications                     103,551               (28,286    )        (21     )%           131,837
emerging &amp; other              (7,756   )           (43,934    )         nm                   36,178
corporate                        (88,640   )           (14,623    )        (20     )%           (74,017   )
total                           $986,695               $(2,079    )          -      %          $988,774
as a percentage of revenue               21%                                                            23%
for a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to iac shareholders to operating income to consolidated adjusted ebitda, see "principles of financial reporting." for a reconciliation of operating income (loss) to adjusted ebitda for the company's reportable segments, see "note 12-segment information" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
•   mtch adjusted ebitda increased 19% to $779.4 million due primarily to the increase of $321.4 million in revenue due to growth at tinder and lower selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by higher in-app purchase fees as revenue continues to be increasingly sourced through mobile app stores and higher legal fees.
•   angi adjusted ebitda decreased 18% to $202.3 million, despite higher revenue, due primarily to higher selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue, an increase of $16.8 million in bad debt expense due to higher marketplace revenue, investments in fixd repair and handy, partially offset by the inclusion in 2018 of $9.0 million in costs related to the combination (including deferred revenue write-offs, severance, retention and integration-related costs).
•   vimeo adjusted ebitda loss increased 49% to a loss of $41.8 million, despite higher revenue, due primarily to higher marketing, including expense from the inclusion of magisto and a brand campaign in the first half of 2019, as well as higher compensation expense due primarily to an increase in headcount, including its sales force, and a charge of $2.1 million related to vacating office space.
•   dotdash adjusted ebitda increased 85% to $39.6 million due primarily to higher revenue and lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by a charge of $2.6 million related to the early termination of a lease.
•   applications adjusted ebitda decreased 21% to $103.6 million due primarily to a decrease in revenue, partially offset by lower selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue.
•   emerging &amp; other adjusted ebitda decreased to a loss of $7.8 million from a profit of $36.2 million in 2018 due primarily to reduced profits at ask media group, reflecting an increase in traffic acquisition costs, partially offset by lower marketing, increased investments in bluecrew and college humor media, and the sales of dictionary.com and citygrid, partially offset by the transfer of daily burn to mosaic group.
•   corporate adjusted ebitda loss increased 20% to $88.6 million due primarily to higher professional fees, including $7.9 million in costs related to the separation.
interest expense years ended december 31,
2019                               $ change        % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
interest expense   $153,563        $44,236         40%             $109,327
interest expense in 2019 increased from 2018 due primarily to the increase in the average outstanding long-term debt balance compared to the prior year period.
other income (expense), net years ended december 31,
2019                                          $ change           % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
other income (expense), net   $66,741         $(239,005)         (78)%            $305,746
other income, net in 2019 includes: $55.0 million of interest income; a $20.5 million gain related to the sale of our investment in pinterest; $14.5 million in net upward adjustments related to investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values; a unrealized reduction of $9.1 million in the estimated fair value of a warrant; a realized loss of $8.2 million related to the sale of vimeo's hardware business in the first quarter of 2019; and a $1.7 million mark-to-market charge pertaining to a subsidiary denominated equity instrument.
other income, net in 2018 includes: a $26.8 million gain on the sale of certain pinterest shares held by the company and a $128.8 million unrealized gain (or upward adjustment) to adjust our remaining interest in pinterest to fair value in accordance with asu no. 2016-01, which was adopted effective january 1, 2018; $120.6 million in gains related to the sales of dictionary.com, electus, felix and citygrid; $30.4 million of interest income; and $5.3 million in net foreign currency exchange gains due primarily to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the gbp during the year ended december 31, 2019.
income tax benefit (provision)
years ended december 31,
2019                                             $ change         % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
income tax benefit (provision)   $49,309         nm               nm               $(3,811)
effective income tax rate        nm                                                1%
for further details of income tax matters, see "note 3-income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
in 2019, the company recorded an income tax benefit of $49.3 million, despite pre-tax income, due primarily to excess tax benefits generated by the exercise and vesting of stock-based awards and research credits.
in 2018, the company recorded an income tax provision of $3.8 million, which represented an effective tax rate of 1%. the effective income tax rate was lower than the statutory rate of 21% due primarily to excess tax benefits generated by the exercise and vesting of stock-based awards and a reduction in the estimated transition tax. the transition tax, part of the tax cuts and jobs act, enacted on december 22, 2017 (the "tax act"), was recorded on a provisional basis in the fourth quarter of 2017. in the third quarter of 2018, the company finalized the calculation, which resulted in a $9.2 million reduction in the transition tax. the net reduction in the transition tax was due primarily to the utilization of additional foreign tax credits and a reduction in state taxes, partially offset by additional taxable earnings and profits of our foreign subsidiaries based on guidance issued by the internal revenue service subsequent to december 31, 2017.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests represent the noncontrolling holders' percentage share of earnings or losses from the subsidiaries in which the company holds a majority, but less than 100%, ownership interest and the results of which are included in our consolidated financial statements.
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                            $ change         % change   2018
(dollars in thousands)
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests   $112,689                $(18,097)        (14)%           $130,786
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2019 represents the publicly-held interest in mtch's and angi's earnings as well as third party interests in the subsidiary that held the company's investment in pinterest.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2018 primarily represents the publicly-held interest in mtch's and angi's earnings as well as third party interests in a subsidiary that held the unrealized gains related to our investment in pinterest, which was adjusted during the second quarter of 2018 to fair value in accordance with asu no. 2016-01, partially offset by net losses attributable to the noncontrolling interests in certain subsidiaries within the emerging & other and vimeo segments.
principles of financial reporting iac reports adjusted ebitda as a supplemental measure to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). this measure is one of the primary metrics by which we evaluate the performance of our businesses, on which our internal budgets are based and by which management is compensated. we believe that investors should have access to, and we are obligated to provide, the same set of tools that we use in analyzing our results. this non-gaap measure should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap results. iac endeavors to compensate for the limitations of the non-gaap measure presented by providing the comparable gaap measure with equal or greater prominence and descriptions of the reconciling items, including quantifying such items, to derive the non-gaap measure. we encourage investors to examine the reconciling adjustments between the gaap and non-gaap measure, which we discuss below.
definition of non-gaap measure adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda") is defined as operating income excluding: (1) stock-based compensation expense; (2) depreciation; and (3) acquisition-related items consisting of (i) amortization of intangible assets and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets, if applicable, and (ii) gains and losses recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements. we believe this measure is useful for analysts and investors as this measure allows a more meaningful comparison between our performance and that of our competitors. the above items are excluded from our adjusted ebitda measure because these items are non-cash in nature. adjusted ebitda has certain limitations because it excludes the impact of these expenses.
the following table reconciles net earnings attributable to iac shareholders to operating income to consolidated adjusted ebitda:
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                      2018
(in thousands)
net earnings attributable to iac shareholders                            $431,131                  $626,961
add back:
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                     112,689                   130,786
income tax (benefit) provision                                            (49,309     )               3,811
other (income) expense, net                                               (66,741     )            (305,746     )
interest expense                                                          153,563                   109,327
operating income                                                          581,333                   565,139
stock-based compensation expense                                          240,788                   238,420
depreciation                                                               88,399                    75,360
amortization of intangibles                                                92,595                   108,399
acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments       (19,738     )               1,456
goodwill impairment                                                         3,318                         -
adjusted ebitda                                                          $986,695                  $988,774
for a reconciliation of operating income to adjusted ebitda for the company's reportable segments, see "note 12-segment information" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
non-cash expenses that are excluded from our non-gaap measure stock-based compensation expense consists principally of expense associated with the grants, including unvested grants assumed in acquisitions, of stock options, restricted stock units ("rsus"), performance-based rsus and market-based awards. these expenses are not paid in cash, and we include the related shares in our fully diluted shares outstanding using the treasury stock method. performance-based rsus and market-based awards are included only to the extent the applicable performance or market condition(s) have been met (assuming the end of the reporting period is the end of the contingency period). to the extent that stock-based awards are settled on a net basis, the company remits the required tax-withholding amounts from its current funds.
depreciation is a non-cash expense relating to our property and equipment and is computed using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated useful lives, or, in the case of leasehold improvements, the lease term, if shorter.
amortization of intangible assets and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets are non-cash expenses related primarily to acquisitions. at the time of an acquisition, the identifiable definite-lived intangible assets of the acquired company, such as technology, service professional relationships, customer lists and user base, memberships, trade names and content, are valued and amortized over their estimated lives. value is also assigned to acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets, which comprise trade names and trademarks, and goodwill that are not subject to amortization. an impairment is recorded when the carrying value of an intangible asset or goodwill exceeds its fair value. we believe that intangible assets represent costs incurred by the acquired company to build value prior to acquisition and the related amortization and impairment charges of intangible assets or goodwill, if applicable, are not ongoing costs of doing business.
gains and losses recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements are accounting adjustments to report contingent consideration liabilities at fair value. these adjustments can be highly variable and are excluded from our assessment of performance because they are considered non-operational in nature and, therefore, are not indicative of current or future performance or the ongoing cost of doing business.
financial position, liquidity and capital resources financial position december 31,
2019                                                                                                           2018
(in thousands)
mtch cash and cash equivalents:
united states                                                                                  $322,267                   $83,851
all other countries                                                                             143,409                   103,096
total mtch cash and cash equivalents                                                            465,676                   186,947
angi cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities:
united states                                                                                   377,648                   328,795
all other countries                                                                              12,917                     8,189
total cash and cash equivalents                                                                 390,565                   336,984
marketable securities (united states)                                                                 -                    24,947
total angi cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities                                  390,565                   361,931
iac (excluding mtch and angi) cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities:
united states                                                                                $2,226,344                $1,558,636
all other countries                                                                              56,710                    49,065
total cash and cash equivalents                                                               2,283,054                 1,607,701
marketable securities (united states)                                                            19,993                    98,718
total iac (excluding mtch and angi) cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities       2,303,047                 1,706,419
total cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities                                    $3,159,288                $2,255,297
mtch debt:
mtch term loan                                                                                 $425,000                  $425,000
mtch credit facility                                                                                  -                   260,000
6.375% mtch senior notes                                                                        400,000                   400,000
5.00% mtch senior notes                                                                         450,000                   450,000
5.625% mtch senior notes                                                                        350,000                         -
total mtch long-term debt                                                                     1,625,000                 1,535,000
less: unamortized original issue discount                                                         6,282                     7,352
less: unamortized debt issuance costs                                                            15,235                    11,737
total mtch debt, net                                                                          1,603,483                 1,515,911
angi debt:
angi term loan                                                                                  247,500                   261,250
less: current portion of angi term loan                                                          13,750                    13,750
less: unamortized debt issuance costs                                                             1,804                     2,529
total angi debt, net                                                                            231,946                   244,971
iac debt:
2022 exchangeable notes                                                                         517,500                   517,500
2026 exchangeable notes                                                                         575,000                         -
2030 exchangeable notes                                                                         575,000                         -
4.75% senior notes                                                                                    -                    34,489
total iac long-term debt                                                                      1,667,500                   551,989
less: unamortized original issue discount                                                       351,605                    54,025
less: unamortized debt issuance costs                                                            29,752                    13,298
total iac debt, net                                                                           1,286,143                   484,666
total long-term debt, net                                                                    $3,121,572                $2,245,548
iac, mtch and angi long-term debt for a detailed description of iac, mtch and angi long-term debt, see "note 7-long-term debt" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8. consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
cash flow information in summary, the company's cash flows are as follows:
years ended december 31,
2019                                                  2018
(in thousands)
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                 $937,939                  $988,128
investing activities                 (329,529     )            (173,440     )
financing activities                  399,831                  (312,798     )
net cash provided by operating activities consists of earnings adjusted for non-cash items, the effect of changes in working capital and acquisition-related contingent consideration payments (to the extent greater than the liability initially recognized at the time of acquisition). non-cash adjustments include stock-based compensation expense, deferred income taxes, net gains on equity securities, net losses (gains) from the sale of businesses, amortization of intangibles, depreciation, bad debt expense and goodwill impairments.
2019
adjustments to earnings consist primarily of $240.8 million of stock-based compensation expense, $92.6 million of amortization of intangibles, $88.4 million of depreciation, and $65.8 million of bad debt expense, partially offset by $80.1 million of deferred income taxes and $37.6 million of net gains on equity securities. the deferred income tax benefit primarily relates to an increase in tax attribute carryforwards and the realization of gains on certain equity securities. the decrease from changes in working capital primarily consists of increases in accounts receivable of $91.4 million and other assets of $17.7 million, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and other liabilities of $41.9 million and deferred revenue of $37.6 million. the increase in accounts receivable is primarily due to revenue growth at angi, mtch and dotdash. the increase in other assets is due, in part, to an increase in prepaid hosting services at mtch, partially offset by a decrease in capitalized downloadable search toolbar costs at applications. the increase in accounts payable and other liabilities is due, in part, to increases in (i) accrued legal and professional fees at mtch and iac, and (ii) accrued interest primarily related to the 5.625% mtch senior notes issued in the first quarter of 2019, the timing of interest payments at mtch, and the 2026 and 2030 exchangeable notes issued in the second quarter of 2019. the increase in deferred revenue is due primarily to growth in subscription sales at vimeo, mosaic group and mtch.
net cash used in investing activities includes cash used for investments and acquisitions of $459.4 million, principally related to the investment in turo and acquisitions of magisto and fixd repair, and capital expenditures of $136.7 million, primarily related to investments in the development of capitalized software at angi and mtch to support their products and services, leasehold improvements at angi, and the payment of a deposit of $23.0 million for an ownership interest in an aircraft at corporate, partially offset by net proceeds from the sale of investments and businesses of $165.1 million, principally related to the sale of our investment in pinterest and the proceeds received in 2019 related to the december 31, 2018 sale of felix, and proceeds from maturities (net of purchases) of marketable debt securities of $103.9 million.
net cash provided by financing activities includes $1.2 billion in proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 and 2030 exchangeable notes, $350.0 million in proceeds from the 5.625% mtch senior notes, $40.0 million in borrowings under the mtch credit facility, and $10.7 million in proceeds from the exercise of iac stock options, partially offset by $300.0 million to repay the outstanding borrowings under the mtch credit facility, $216.4 million for the repurchase of 3.1 million shares of mtch common stock, on a settlement date basis, at an average price of $70.02 per share, $203.2 million and $35.3 million for withholding taxes paid on behalf of mtch and angi employees, respectively, for stock-based awards that were net settled, $136.9 million used to pay the net premium on the exchangeable note hedge and warrant transactions, $93.1 million for withholding taxes paid on behalf of iac employees for stock-based awards that were net settled, $56.9 million for the repurchase of 7.2 million shares of angi common stock, on a settlement date basis, at an average price of $7.90 per share, $35.0 million for repurchases of iac debt, $29.2 million for distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests, $27.8
million of debt issuance costs, and $13.8 million in principal payments on angi debt.
2018
adjustments to earnings consist primarily of $238.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, $108.4 million of amortization of intangibles, $75.4 million of depreciation, $48.4 million of bad debt expense, partially offset by $152.0 million of net gains on equity securities, $120.0 million of net gains from the sale of businesses, and $34.7 million of deferred income taxes. the deferred income tax benefit primarily relates to amortization of intangibles, a decrease in the valuation allowance, and an increase in credit carryforwards, partially offset by the deferred income tax provision on the net unrealized gains on certain equity securities. the increase from changes in working capital primarily consists of an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities of $53.6 million, an increase in deferred revenue of $49.5 million, and an increase in income taxes payable and receivable of $27.0 million, partially offset by an increase in other assets of $44.6 million and an increase in accounts receivable of $34.8 million. the increase in accounts payable and other liabilities is primarily due to increases in (i) accrued employee compensation due, in part, to the timing of payments of cash bonuses, (ii) payables and accruals at ask media group due to growth in paid traffic, primarily in international markets, (iii) accrued advertising at mtch and (iv) payables at vimeo due to timing of payments. the increase in deferred revenue is due primarily to growth in subscription sales at vimeo, mtch and applications. the increase in income taxes payable and receivable is due to 2018 income tax accruals in excess of 2018 income tax payments. the increase in other assets is primarily due to increases in (i) capitalized mobile app store fees at mtch and applications, (ii) capitalized production costs of various production deals at college humor media, electus, and iac films, and (iii) capitalized sales commissions at angi. the increase in accounts receivable is primarily due to revenue growth at angi, ask media group, and dotdash, partially offset by decreases at mtch and applications due to an accelerated cash receipt from a mobile app store provider.
net cash used in investing activities includes cash used for acquisitions and investments of $117.5 million, which includes the teltech, itranslate, bluecrew, and handy acquisitions, purchases (net of maturities and sales) of marketable debt securities of $116.1 million, capital expenditures of $85.6 million, primarily related to investments in the development of capitalized software at angi and mtch to support their products and services and computer hardware, partially offset by net proceeds from the sale of businesses and investments of $136.7 million, which includes the sales of dictionary.com and electus, and $10.4 million in net proceeds from the sale of angie's list's campus located in indianapolis.
net cash used in financing activities includes $207.7 million and $29.8 million for withholding taxes paid on behalf of mtch and angi employees, respectively, for stock-based awards that were net settled, $133.5 million for the repurchase of 3.1 million shares, on a settlement date basis, of mtch common stock at an average price of $43.72 per share, $105.1 million for dividends paid to mtch's noncontrolling interest holders, $82.9 million for the repurchase of 0.5 million shares, on a settlement date basis, of iac common stock at an average price of $152.23 per share, $22.5 million for distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests, $19.0 million for withholding taxes paid on behalf of iac employees for stock-based awards that were net settled and $13.8 million in principal payments on angi debt, partially offset by $260.0 million in borrowings under the mtch credit facility and $41.7 million in proceeds from the exercise of iac stock options.
liquidity and capital resources the company's principal sources of liquidity are its cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash flows generated from operations and available borrowings under the iac credit facility. iac's consolidated cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities at december 31, 2019 were $3.2 billion, of which $465.7 million was held by mtch and $390.6 million was held by angi. the company generated $937.9 million of operating cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2019, of which $658.4 million was generated by mtch and $214.2 million was generated by angi. each of mtch and angi is a separate and distinct legal entity with its own public shareholders and board of directors and has no obligation to provide the company with funds. as a result, the company cannot freely access the cash of mtch and angi and their respective subsidiaries. in addition, certain agreements governing mtch and angi indebtedness limit the payment of dividends or distributions and loans or advances to stockholders, including the company, in the event a default has occurred or in the case of mtch, its secured net leverage ratio (as defined in the mtch term loan) exceeds 2.0 to 1.0 or its consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in certain mtch indentures) exceeds 5.0 to 1.0, and in the case of angi, its consolidated net leverage ratio (as defined in the angi term loan) exceeds 4.5 to 1.0. there were no such limitations at december 31, 2019.
there were no outstanding borrowings under the iac, mtch and angi credit facilities at december 31, 2019.
the company anticipates that it will need to make capital and other expenditures in connection with the development and expansion of its operations. the company's 2020 capital expenditures are expected to be lower than 2019 capital expenditures of $136.7 million by approximately 5% to 10%, driven by lower capital expenditures at corporate due to timing of payments related to the purchase of an aircraft and angi related to lower leasehold improvements, partially offset by higher capital expenditures at mtch due to building improvements related to the expansion of office space at mtch's tinder business and the development of capitalized software to support its products and services. the remaining payment of $13.1 million related to the purchase of a 50% interest in the aforementioned aircraft is expected to be made in 2021.
at december 31, 2019, iac has 8.0 million shares remaining in its share repurchase authorization.
on august 30, 2019, the board of directors of mtch authorized mtch to repurchase an additional 10 million shares of its common stock; this authorization was in addition to the 1.3 million shares remaining under a previous authorization. during the year ended december 31, 2019, mtch repurchased 3.1 million shares, on a trade date basis, of its common stock at an average price of $70.02 per share, or $216.4 million in aggregate. mtch has 9.9 million shares remaining in its share repurchase authorization as of december 31, 2019.
on february 6, 2019, the board of directors of angi authorized angi to repurchase up to 15 million shares of its common stock. during the year ended december 31, 2019, angi repurchased 7.3 million shares, on a trade date basis, of its common stock at an average price of $7.91 per share, or $57.9 million in aggregate. from january 1, 2020 through february 4, 2020, angi repurchased an additional 0.3 million shares at an average price of $8.29 per share, or $2.1 million in aggregate. angi had 7.4 million shares remaining in its share repurchase authorization as of february 4, 2020.
iac, mtch and angi may purchase shares over an indefinite period of time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, depending on those factors management deems relevant at any particular time, including, without limitation, market conditions, share price and future outlook.
the company has granted stock settled stock appreciation rights denominated in the equity of certain non-publicly traded subsidiaries to employees and management of those subsidiaries. these equity awards are settled on a net basis, with the award holder entitled to receive a payment in iac shares equal to the intrinsic value of the award at exercise less an amount equal to the required cash tax withholding payment which, for purposes of this paragraph is assumed at a 50% withholding rate. the number of iac common shares that would be required to net settle these vested and unvested interests at current estimated fair values, other than for mtch, angi and their subsidiaries, at january 31, 2020, is 0.1 million shares. in addition, withholding taxes, which will be paid by the company on behalf of the employees upon exercise, would have been $20.2 million at january 31, 2020. the number of iac common shares ultimately needed to settle these awards may vary significantly as a result of both movements in the company's stock price and the determination of fair value of the relevant subsidiary that is different than the company's estimate.
the company currently settles all stock options on a net basis. assuming all stock options outstanding on january 31, 2020, were net settled on that date, the company would have issued 1.8 million common shares (of which 1.4 million is related to vested options and 0.4 million is related to unvested options) and would have remitted $430.9 million (of which $341.6 million is related to vested options and $89.3 million is related to unvested options) in cash for withholding taxes (in each case assuming a 50% withholding rate).
the company's rsus are awards in the form of phantom shares or units denominated in a hypothetical equivalent number of shares of iac common stock. these equity awards are settled on a net basis. the number of iac common shares that would be required to net settle these awards at january 31, 2020 is 0.2 million shares. in addition, withholding taxes, which will be paid by the company on behalf of the employees upon vest, would have been $38.3 million at january 31, 2020.
mtch currently settles substantially all equity awards on a net basis. assuming all mtch equity awards outstanding on january 31, 2020 were net settled on that date, mtch would have issued 7.6 million common shares (of which 2.2 million is related to vested shares and 5.4 million is related to unvested shares) and would have remitted $597.0 million (of which $174.7 million is related to vested shares and $422.2 million is related to unvested shares) in cash for withholding taxes (in each case assuming a 50% withholding rate). while certain mtch stock options ("tandem awards") can be settled in mtch or iac common stock at the company's election, the company is no longer settling the tandem awards in iac stock.
angi currently settles all equity awards on a net basis. in connection with the combination, previously issued stock appreciation rights related to the common stock of homeadvisor (us) were converted into angi stock appreciation rights that are settleable, at angi's option, on a net basis with angi remitting withholding taxes on behalf of the employee or on a gross basis with angi issuing a sufficient number of class a shares to cover the withholding taxes. while these awards can be settled in either class a shares of angi or shares of iac common stock at iac's option, these awards are currently being settled in shares of angi. if settled in iac common stock, angi reimburses iac in either cash or through the issuance of class a shares to iac. assuming all of the stock appreciation rights outstanding on january 31, 2020 were net settled on that date, angi would have issued 6.5 million shares of angi class a stock and angi would have remitted $52.3 million in cash for withholding taxes (assuming a 50% withholding rate). assuming all other angi equity awards outstanding on january 31, 2020 were net settled on that date, including stock options, rsus and subsidiary denominated equity, angi would have issued 5.1 million shares and would have remitted $41.2 million in cash for withholding taxes (assuming a 50% withholding rate).
as of december 31, 2019, iac's economic interest and voting interest in mtch is 80.7% and 97.5%, respectively, and in angi is 84.1% and 98.1%, respectively. iac intends to take steps if necessary to maintain an economic interest in each of mtch and angi of at least 80%. in addition, the transaction agreement requires mtch to undertake such steps as necessary to ensure that iac maintains its 80% economic ownership.
at december 31, 2019, all of the company's international cash can be repatriated without significant tax consequences.
the company believes its existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, available borrowings under the iac credit facility and expected positive cash flows generated from operations will be sufficient to fund its normal operating requirements, including capital expenditures, debt service, the payment of withholding taxes paid on behalf of employees for net-settled stock-based awards, and investing and other commitments for the foreseeable future. the company's liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for its products and services. the company's indebtedness could limit its ability to: (i) obtain additional financing to fund working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures, debt service or other requirements; and (ii) use operating cash flow to make acquisitions or capital expenditures, or invest in other areas, such as developing business opportunities. the company may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to make additional acquisitions and investments or to provide for greater financial flexibility. additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to the company or at all.
on february 11, 2020, iac completed the acquisition of care.com under the terms of an agreement dated as of december 20, 2019, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $627 million. care.com's cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities balance, which would be included as part of the assets acquired, was approximately $96.6 million as of december 31, 2019.
if the separation is consummated:
•   iac will contribute the cash and cash equivalents held by iac (except for cash held by angi and mtch) to new iac. had the separation been consummated on december 31, 2019, the approximate amount that would have been contributed as of december 31, 2019 is $1.8 billion. following this contribution, new iac's cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities balance would have been approximately $2.7 billion.
•   mtch has agreed to make a loan to iac in an aggregate principal amount equal to the product of (i) $3.00 and (ii) the number of shares of mtch capital stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the separation (the ''match loan''). as part of the separation, all mtch stockholders, other than iac, in respect of each share of mtch common stock held, may elect to receive either $3.00 in cash or an additional $3.00 worth of new match common stock. iac will contribute the proceeds of the match loan, less an amount equal to the product of $3.00 multiplied by the aggregate number of shares of mtch capital stock in respect of which mtch holders have made a valid cash election, to new iac. based on shares outstanding on december 31, 2019, new iac will receive a contribution of approximately $680 million, assuming all non-iac mtch shareholders elect to receive $3.00 in cash and an additional amount of approximately $163 million if all non-iac mtch shareholders elect to receive additional mtch shares. following the separation, the match loan will remain as the obligation of new match payable to mtch; new iac will not have any obligations with regards to the match loan.
•   new match will own certain iac financing subsidiaries that are the issuers of approximately $1.7 billion aggregate principal amount of currently outstanding exchangeable notes.
•   new iac's debt immediately following the consummation of the separation will relate solely to the angi term loan, which would have been $245.7 million as of december 31, 2019.
in addition, prior to the closing of the separation, iac may enter into agreements with one or more third parties to sell shares of new match common stock with a value of up to $1.5 billion. the net proceeds of any such offering will be contributed to new iac following the closing and the number of shares of new match that iac stockholders will receive will be reduced to reflect the number of new match shares sold in this offering.
contractual obligations payments due by period contractual obligations(a)            less than1 year                 1-3years               3-5years       more than5 years                        total
(in thousands)
long-term debt(b)                    $130,076                  $1,215,337               $754,534            $2,176,890                     $4,276,837
operating leases(c)                    44,177                      80,164                 61,805            249,090                           435,236
purchase obligations(d)               119,116                      81,423                      -            -                                 200,539
total contractual obligations        $293,369                  $1,376,924               $816,339            $2,425,980                     $4,912,612
_______________________________________________________________________________
(a)   the company has excluded $69.2 million in unrecognized tax benefits and related interest from the table above as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period in which these liabilities might be paid. for additional information on income taxes, see "note 3-income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
(b)   represents contractual amounts due including interest on both fixed and variable rate instruments. long-term debt at december 31, 2019 consists of $2.9 billion bearing interest at fixed rates and $0.7 billion bearing interest at variable rates. the variable rate instruments consist of a $425.0 million mtch term loan and a $247.5 million angi term loan. the mtch term loan bears interest at libor plus 2.50%, or 4.44%, at december 31, 2019. the angi term loan bears interest at libor plus 1.50%, or 3.25% at december 31, 2019. the amount of interest ultimately paid on the mtch and angi term loans may differ based on changes in interest rates. for additional information on long-term debt arrangements, see "note 7-long-term debt" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
(c)   the company leases land, office space, data center facilities and equipment used in connection with operations under various operating leases, the majority of which contain escalation clauses. operating lease obligations include legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. the company is also committed to pay a portion of the related operating expenses under certain lease agreements. these operating expenses are not included in the table above. for additional information on operating leases, see "note 13-leases" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
(d)   the purchase obligations primarily consist of payments for cloud computing arrangements, advertising commitments, and a remaining payment related to a 50% interest in a corporate aircraft. for additional information on purchase obligations, see "note 14-commitments and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
off-balance sheet arrangements see the commitments section of "note 14-commitments and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data" for additional information on our off-balance sheet arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the following disclosure is provided to supplement the descriptions of iac's accounting policies contained in "note 2-summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data" in regard to significant areas of judgment. management of the company is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions during the preparation of its consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). these estimates, judgments and assumptions impact the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. actual results could differ from these estimates. because of the size of the financial statement elements to which they relate, some of our accounting policies and estimates have a more significant impact on our consolidated financial statements than others. what follows is a discussion of some of our more significant accounting policies and estimates.
business combinations and contingent consideration arrangements acquisitions, which are generally referred to in gaap as business combinations, are an important part of the company's growth strategy. the company invested $205.7 million and $243.3 million (including the value of angi homeservices class a common stock issued in connection with the acquisition of handy) in acquisitions in the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the purchase price of each acquisition is attributed to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of acquisition, including identifiable intangible assets that either arise from a contractual or legal right or are separable from goodwill.
management makes two critical determinations at the time of an acquisition, the reporting unit that will benefit from the acquisition and to which goodwill will be assigned and the allocation of the purchase price of the business to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based upon their fair values. the reporting unit determination is important beyond the initial allocation of purchase price because future impairment assessments of goodwill, as described below, are performed at the reporting unit level. historically, when the company's acquisitions have been complementary to existing reporting units, for example, the 2019 acquisition of magisto by vimeo and the 2018 acquisitions of handy by angi and teltech by mosaic group, the goodwill is allocated to these reporting units. acquisitions within the emerging & other reportable segment, such as nursefly in 2019 and bluecrew in 2018, usually result in the creation of new reporting units because they are standalone businesses with unique product offerings, management or target markets, for example.
the allocation of purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their fair values is complex because of the judgments involved in determining these values. the determination of purchase price and the fair value of monetary assets acquired and liabilities assumed is typically the least complex aspect of the company's accounting for business combinations due to management's experience and the inherently lower level of complexity. due to the higher degree of complexity associated with the valuation of intangible assets, the company usually obtains the assistance of outside valuation experts in the allocation of purchase price to the identifiable intangible assets acquired, which can be both definite-lived, such as acquired technology, customer and contractor relationships, or indefinite lived, such as acquired trade names and trademarks. while outside valuation experts may be used, management has ultimate responsibility for the valuation methods, models and inputs used and the resulting purchase price allocation. the excess purchase price over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets is recorded as goodwill and is assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from the business combination as of the acquisition date.
in connection with certain business combinations, the company has entered into contingent consideration arrangements that are determined to be part of the purchase price. the premise underlying the accounting for contingent consideration arrangements is that there are divergent views as to the acquired company's valuation between the company and the selling shareholders of the acquiree. therefore, a model is developed with future payments of a portion of the purchase price linked to one or more financial (e.g., revenue and/or profit performance) and/or operating (e.g., number of subscribers) metrics that will be achieved over a specified time frame in the future based upon the performance of the business. in keeping with the accounting guidance for business combinations, each of these arrangements is initially recorded at its fair value at the time of the acquisition and the fair value is included in the aggregate purchase price. the company determines the fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements by using probability-weighted analyses to determine the amounts of the gross liability, and, if the arrangement is long-term in nature, applying a discount rate that appropriately captures the risk associated with the obligation to determine the net amount reflected in the consolidated financial statements. the number of scenarios used is typically greater for longer-term arrangements. the contingent consideration arrangements are reassessed and reflected at current fair values for each subsequent reporting period thereafter until settled. the changes in the remeasured fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements during each reporting period, including the accretion of the discount, if applicable, are recognized in "general and administrative expense" in the consolidated statement of operations. significant changes in the specified forecasted financial or operating metrics can result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement, which can result in volatility of general and administrative expense as the resulting remeasurement gains and losses are recorded.
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed annually for impairment as of october 1, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset has declined below its carrying value. the carrying value of goodwill is $2.9 billion and $2.7 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of the company's acquired trade names and trademarks, have a carrying value of $446.5 million and $458.1 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
in performing its annual goodwill impairment assessment, the company has the option under gaap to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value; if the conclusion of the qualitative assessment is that there are no indicators of impairment, the company does not perform a quantitative test, which would require a valuation of the reporting unit, as of october 1. gaap provides a not all-inclusive set of examples of macroeconomic, industry, market and company specific factors for entities to consider in performing the qualitative assessment described above; management considers the factors it deems relevant in making its more likely than not assessments. while the company also has the option under gaap to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of its indefinite-lived intangible assets are less than their carrying values, the company's policy is to determine the fair value of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as of october 1, in part, because the level of effort required to perform the quantitative and qualitative assessments is essentially equivalent.
if the conclusion of our qualitative assessment is that there are indicators of impairment and a quantitative test is required, the annual or interim quantitative test of the recovery of goodwill involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the company's reporting unit that is being tested to its carrying value. if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a goodwill impairment equal to the excess is recorded.
the company's annual assessment of the recovery of goodwill begins with management's reassessment of its operating segments and reporting units. a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, which is referred to as a component. this reassessment of reporting units is also made each time the company changes its operating segments. separate from the impact of the change in operating segments, the company concluded that the applications operating segment should be split into two reporting units - desktop and mosaic group - effective october 1, 2018. if the goodwill of a reporting unit is allocated to newly formed reporting units, the allocation is usually made to each reporting unit based upon their relative fair values.
for the company's annual goodwill test at october 1, 2019, a qualitative assessment of the mtch, angi, vimeo, mosaic group (included in the applications segment), college humor media, bluecrew and nursefly reporting units' goodwill was performed because the company concluded it was more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units was in excess of their respective carrying values. the primary factors that the company considered in its qualitative assessment for each of these reporting units are described below:
•   mtch's october 1, 2019 market capitalization of $20.0 billion exceeded its carrying value by approximately $19.8 billion and mtch's strong operating performance.
•   angi's october 1, 2019 market capitalization of $3.6 billion exceeded its carrying value by approximately $2.2 billion.
•   the company prepared valuations of the vimeo, mosaic group, bluecrew and nursefly reporting units primarily in connection with the issuance and/or settlement of equity awards that are denominated in the equity of these businesses subsequent to january 1, 2019. the valuations were prepared time proximate to, however, not as of, october 1, 2019. the fair value of each of these businesses was in excess of its october 1, 2019 carrying value.
for the company's annual goodwill test at october 1, 2019, the company quantitatively tested the desktop reporting unit (included in the applications segment). the company's quantitative test indicated that there was no impairment. the company's dotdash, ask media group and the daily beast reporting units have no goodwill.
the aggregate goodwill balance for the desktop reporting unit for which the most recent estimate of fair value is less than 10% over its carrying value is approximately $265.1 million.
the fair value of the company's reporting units (except for mtch and angi described above) is determined using both an income approach based on discounted cash flows ("dcf") and a market approach when it tests goodwill for impairment, either on an interim basis or annual basis as of october 1 each year. the company uses the same approach in determining the fair value of its businesses in connection with its non-public subsidiary denominated stock-based compensation plans, which can be a significant factor in the decision to apply the qualitative assessment rather than a quantitative test. determining fair value using a dcf analysis requires the exercise of significant judgment with respect to several items, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and appropriate discount rates. the expected cash flows used in the dcf analyses are based on the company's most recent forecast and budget and, for years beyond the budget, the company's estimates, which are based, in part, on forecasted growth rates. the discount rates used in the dcf analyses are intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future cash flows of the respective reporting units. assumptions used in the dcf analyses, including the discount rate, are assessed based on each reporting unit's current results and forecasted future performance, as well as macroeconomic and industry specific factors. the discount rates used in the quantitative test for determining the fair value of the company's reporting units was 12.5% in 2019 and ranged from 12.5% to 15% in 2018. determining fair value using a market approach considers multiples of financial metrics based on both acquisitions and trading multiples of a selected peer group of companies. from the comparable companies, a representative market multiple is determined which is applied to financial metrics to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. to determine a peer group of companies for our respective reporting units, we considered companies relevant in terms of consumer use, monetization model, margin and growth characteristics, and brand strength operating in their respective sectors.
the company determines the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets using an avoided royalty dcf valuation analysis. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include the selection of appropriate royalty and discount rates and estimating the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. the discount rates used in the dcf analyses are intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future cash flows generated by the respective intangible assets. the royalty rates used in the dcf analyses are based upon an estimate of the royalty rates that a market participant would pay to license the company's trade names and trademarks. the future cash flows are based on the company's most recent forecast and budget and, for years beyond the budget, the company's estimates, which are based, in part, on forecasted growth rates. assumptions used in the avoided royalty dcf analyses, including the discount rate and royalty rate, are assessed annually based on the actual and projected cash flows related to the asset, as well as macroeconomic and industry specific factors. the discount rates used in the company's annual indefinite-lived impairment assessment ranged from 10.5% to 27.5% in 2019 and 10.5% to 35% in 2018, and the royalty rates used ranged from 1% to 8% in 2019 and 0.75% to 8% in 2018.
if the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment equal to the excess is recorded. the aggregate carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets for which the most recent estimate of the excess of fair value over carrying value is less than 10% is approximately $121.2 million.
the 2019 annual assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets identified a $3.3 million goodwill impairment charge and $0.7 million trade name impairment, both related to the college humor media business, and a $6.6 million impairment charge related to a trade name at mtch.
the 2018 annual assessment of goodwill did not identify any impairments. the 2018 annual assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets identified impairment charges of $27.7 million and $1.1 million related to certain desktop and college humor media indefinite-lived trade names, respectively. the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charge at desktop was due to google's policy changes related to its chrome browser which became effective on september 12, 2018 and have negatively impacted the distribution of our b2c downloadable desktop products. the impairment charge related to the b2c trade name was identified in our annual impairment assessment as of october 1, 2018 and reflects the projected reduction in profits and revenues and the resultant reduction in the assumed royalty rate from these policy changes. the impairment charges are included in "amortization of intangibles" in the consolidated statement of operations.
recoverability and estimated useful lives of long-lived assets we review the carrying value of all long-lived assets, comprising right-of-use assets ("rou assets"), property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if the carrying value is deemed not to be recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. in addition, the company reviews the useful lives of its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these lives may be changed. the carrying value of these long-lived assets is $671.1 million and $492.1 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
income taxes the company accounts for income taxes under the liability method, and deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying values of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. a valuation allowance is provided if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, the balance of the company's net deferred tax asset is $145.7 million and $41.2 million, respectively.
the company evaluates and accounts for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. recognition (step one) occurs when the company concludes that a tax position, based solely on its technical merits, is more-likely-than-not to be sustainable upon examination. measurement (step two) determines the amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. de-recognition of a tax position that was previously recognized would occur when the company subsequently determines that a tax position no longer meets the more-likely-than-not threshold of being sustained. this measurement step is inherently difficult and requires subjective estimations of such amounts to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, the company has unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $74.4 million and $52.3 million, respectively. we consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and unrecognized tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustment and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. although management currently believes changes to unrecognized tax benefits from period to period and differences between amounts paid, if any, upon resolution of issues raised in audits and amounts previously provided will not have a material impact on the liquidity, results of operations, or financial condition of the company, these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management's view of these matters may change in the future.
the ultimate amount of deferred income tax assets realized and the amounts paid for deferred income tax liabilities and unrecognized tax benefits may vary from our estimates due to future changes in income tax law, state income tax apportionment or the outcome of any review of our tax returns by the various tax authorities, as well as actual operating results of the company that vary significantly from anticipated results.
the company has not provided for approximately $2.1 million of deferred taxes on $41.8 million of international cash earnings that are indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s. the remaining $171.2 million of international cash can be repatriated without any significant tax consequences. the company reassesses its intention to remit or permanently reinvest these cash earnings each reporting period; any required adjustment to the income tax provision would be reflected in the period that the company changes this intention. during the year ended december 31, 2019, international cash totaling $70.1 million was repatriated to the u.s.
stock-based compensation the company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $240.8 million and $238.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. included in stock-based compensation expense in the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 is $32.6 million and $70.6 million, respectively, related to the modification of previously issued homeadvisor equity awards and previously issued angie's list equity awards, both of which were converted into angi homeservices' equity awards in the combination, and the acceleration of certain converted equity awards resulting from the termination of angie's list employees in connection with the combination.
stock-based compensation at the company is complex due to our desire to attract, retain, inspire and reward outstanding entrepreneurs and managers at each of our companies, including recently acquired companies, by allowing them to benefit directly from the value they help to create. we accomplish these objectives, in part, by issuing equity awards denominated in the equity of our non-public subsidiaries as well as in iac, mtch and angi. we further refine this approach by tailoring certain equity awards to the applicable circumstances. for example, we issue certain equity awards for which vesting is linked to the achievement of a performance target such as revenue or profits; these awards are referred to as performance-based awards. in other cases, we link the vesting of equity awards to the achievement of a value target for a subsidiary or iac, mtch or angi's stock price, as applicable; these awards are referred to as market-based awards. the nature and variety of these types of equity-based awards creates complexity in our determination of stock-based compensation expense.
in addition, acquisitions are an important part of the company's growth strategy. these transactions may result in the modification of equity awards which creates additional complexity and additional stock-based compensation expense. for example, the combination resulted in the conversion of previously issued homeadvisor and angie's list awards into angi homeservices awards, and the recognition of additional stock-based compensation expense as described below. in addition, our internal reorganizations can also lead to modifications of equity awards and result in additional complexity and stock-based compensation expense.
finally, the means by which we settle our equity-based awards also introduces complexity into our financial reporting. we provide a path to liquidity by settling the non-public subsidiary denominated awards in iac, mtch or angi shares, as applicable. in addition, certain former mtch and angi subsidiary denominated awards can be settled in iac or mtch and angi awards at the company's election. these features increase the complexity of our earnings per share calculations.
the company estimated the fair value of stock options issued (including those modified in connection with the combination) using a black-scholes option pricing model and, for those with a market condition, a lattice model. for stock options, including subsidiary denominated equity, the value of the stock option is measured at the grant date at fair value and expensed over the vesting term. the impact on stock-based compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2019, assuming a 1% increase in the risk-free interest rate, a 10% increase in the volatility factor and a one-year increase in the weighted average expected term of the outstanding options would be an increase of $3.1 million, $13.6 million and $5.0 million, respectively. the company also issues rsus, performance-based rsus and market-based rsus. for rsus, the value of the instrument is measured at the grant date as the fair value of the underlying iac common stock and expensed as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting term. for performance-based rsus, the value of the instrument is measured at the grant date as the fair value of the underlying iac common stock and expensed as stock-based compensation over the vesting term when the performance targets are considered probable of being achieved. for market-based rsus, a lattice model is used to estimate the value of the awards.
investments in equity securities the company invests in equity securities as part of its investment strategy. our equity securities, other than those of our consolidated subsidiaries and those accounted for under the equity method, are accounted for at fair value or under the measurement alternative of asu no. 2016-01, following its adoption on january 1, 2018, with changes recognized within other income (expense), net each reporting period. under the measurement alternative, equity investments without readily determinable fair values are carried at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar securities of the same issuer; value is generally determined based on a market approach as of the transaction date. a security will be considered identical or similar if it has identical or similar rights to the equity securities held by the company. the company reviews its investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values for impairment each reporting period when there are qualitative factors or events that indicate possible impairment. factors we consider in making this determination include negative changes in industry and market conditions, financial performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. when indicators of impairment exist, the company prepares quantitative assessments of the fair value of our investments in equity securities, which require judgment and the use of estimates. when our assessment indicates that the fair value of the investment is below its carrying value, the company writes down the investment to its fair value and records the corresponding charge within other income (expense), net. the carrying value of the company's equity securities without readily determinable fair values is $353.1 million and $235.1 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, which is included in "long-term investments" in the consolidated balance sheet. the company had an investment in pinterest, which became a publicly-traded company in the second quarter of 2019. with effect from pinterest's initial public offering, the company's investment has been accounted for as a marketable security. prior to this, the company accounted for its investment in pinterest as an equity security without a readily determinable fair value. during 2019, the company recognized a gain of $20.5 million on the sale of its remaining shares of pinterest. during 2018, the company recognized a gain of $26.8 million on the sale of certain pinterest shares held by the company and a $128.8 million unrealized gain (or upward adjustment) to adjust our remaining interest in pinterest to fair value. in addition, during 2019, the company recognized $14.5 million in net upward adjustments related to equity securities without readily determinable fair values. during 2018, the company recognized other-than-temporary impairments (or downward adjustments) of $4.9 million related to equity securities without readily determinable fair values and $0.6 million related to an equity method investment.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see "note 2-summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8-consolidated financial statements and supplementary data."
