item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock.
we have substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition.
our business is capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. we had total consolidated indebtedness of $9,642.8 million outstanding as of december 31, 2019. our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
•   limit our ability to borrow additional funds or increase the cost of borrowing additional funds;
•   reduce the availability of cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industries in which we operate;
•   lead parties with whom we do business to require additional credit support, such as letters of credit, in order for us to transact such business;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that are less leveraged;
•   increase vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
•   limit our ability to execute on our growth strategy, which is dependent upon access to capital to fund our substantial infrastructure investment program.
some of our debt obligations contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and cross-default provisions. our failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations.
a drop in our credit ratings could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity.
the availability and cost of credit for our businesses may be greatly affected by credit ratings. the credit rating agencies periodically review our ratings, taking into account factors such as our capital structure, earnings profile, and, in 2018 and 2019, the impacts of the tcja and the greater lawrence incident. we are committed to maintaining investment grade credit ratings; however, there is no assurance we will be able to do so in the future. our credit ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. any negative rating action could adversely affect our ability to access capital at rates and on terms that are attractive. a negative rating action could also adversely impact our business relationships with suppliers and operating partners, who may be less willing to extend credit or offer us similarly favorable terms as secured in the past under such circumstances.
certain of our subsidiaries have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral in the form of cash, a letter of credit or other forms of security for new and existing transactions if the credit ratings of our or certain of our subsidiaries are dropped below investment grade. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of gas or power. as of december 31, 2019, the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $72.1 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
if our or certain of our subsidiaries' credit ratings were downgraded, especially below investment grade, financing costs and the principal amount of borrowings would likely increase due to the additional risk of our debt and because certain counterparties may require additional credit support as described above. such amounts may be material and could adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. losing investment grade credit ratings may also result in more restrictive covenants and reduced flexibility on repayment terms in debt issuances, lower share price and greater stockholder dilution from common equity issuances, in addition to reputational damage within the investment community.
we may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments.
business or regulatory conditions may result in us not being able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including identified, planned and other utility infrastructure investments. our customer and regulatory initiatives may not achieve planned item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
results. utility infrastructure investments may not materialize, may cease to be achievable or economically viable and may not be successfully completed. natural gas may cease to be viewed as an economically and environmentally attractive fuel. certain groups and governmental entities may continue to oppose natural gas delivery and infrastructure investments because of perceived environmental impacts associated with the natural gas supply chain and end use. energy conservation, energy efficiency, distributed generation, energy storage, policies favoring electric heat over gas heat and other factors may reduce demand for natural gas and energy. any of these developments could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects. even if our business plan and growth strategy are executed, there is still risk of, among other things, human error in maintenance, installation or operations, shortages or delays in obtaining equipment, and performance below expected levels (in addition to the other risks discussed in this section).
adverse economic and market conditions or increases in interest rates could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
while the national economy is experiencing modest growth, we cannot predict how robust future growth will be or whether it will be sustained. deteriorating or sluggish economic conditions in our operating jurisdictions could adversely impact our ability to maintain or grow our customer base and collect revenues from customers, which could reduce revenue growth and increase operating costs. in addition, a rising interest rate environment may lead to higher borrowing costs, which may adversely impact reported earnings, cost of capital and capital holdings. rising interest rates and negative market or company events may also result in a decrease in the price of our shares of common stock.
we rely on access to the capital markets to finance our liquidity and long-term capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements, to the extent not satisfied by the cash flow generated by our operations. we have historically relied on long-term debt and on the issuance of equity securities to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. successful implementation of our long-term business strategies, including capital investment, is dependent upon our ability to access the capital and credit markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, on competitive terms and rates. an economic downturn or uncertainty, market turmoil, changes in tax policy, challenges faced by financial institutions, changes in our credit ratings, or a change in investor sentiment toward us or the utilities industry generally could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or refinance debt. reduced access to capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could reduce future net income and cash flows. refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information related to outstanding long-term debt and maturities of that debt.
if any of these risks or uncertainties limit our access to the credit and capital markets or significantly increase our cost of capital, it could limit our ability to implement, or increase the costs of implementing, our business plan, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
capital market performance and other factors may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding and impact earnings.
the performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. we have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts as noted in note 11, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield uncertain returns, which fall below our projected rates of return. a decline in the market value of assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations under the defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under these benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, which could potentially increase funding requirements. further, the funding requirements of the obligations related to these benefits plans may increase due to changes in governmental regulations and participant demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions. in addition, lower asset returns result in increased expenses. ultimately, significant funding requirements and increased pension or other postretirement benefit plan expense could negatively impact our results of operations and financial position.
10
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
the majority of our revenues are subject to economic regulation and are exposed to the impact of regulatory rate reviews and proceedings.
most of our revenues are subject to economic regulation at either the federal or state level. as such, the revenues generated by us are subject to regulatory review by the applicable federal or state authority. these rate reviews determine the rates charged to customers and directly impact revenues. our financial results are dependent on frequent regulatory proceedings in order to ensure timely recovery of costs and investments. in addition to our ongoing regulatory proceedings, the recovery of the greater lawrence pipeline replacement capital investment will be addressed in a future regulatory proceeding as discussed in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - e. other matters" in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain, potentially lengthy and could be influenced by many factors, some of which may be outside of our control, including the cost of providing service, the necessity of expenditures, the quality of service, regulatory interpretations, customer intervention, economic conditions and the political environment. further, the rate orders are subject to appeal, which creates additional uncertainty as to the rates that will ultimately be allowed to be charged for services. additionally, the costs of complying with current and future changes in environmental and federal pipeline safety laws and regulations are expected to be significant, and their recovery through rates will also be contingent on regulatory approval.
failure to adapt to advances in technology and manage the related costs could make us less competitive and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
a key element of our business model is that generating power at central station power plants achieves economies of scale and produces power at a competitive cost. we continue to research, plan for, and implement new technologies that produce power or reduce power consumption. these technologies include renewable energy, distributed generation, energy storage, and energy efficiency. advances in technology and changes in laws or regulations (including subsidization) are reducing the cost of these or other alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of most central station power electric production or result in smaller-scale, more fuel efficient, and/or more cost-effective distributed generation. this could cause power sales to decline and the value of our generating facilities to decline. new technologies may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive and may result in the obsolescence of certain operating assets.
in addition, customers are increasingly expecting enhanced communications regarding their electric and natural gas services, which, in some cases, may involve additional investments in technology. we also rely on technology to adequately maintain key business records.
our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. a failure by us to effectively adapt to changes in technology and manage the related costs could harm our ability to remain competitive in the marketplace for our products, services and processes and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
the greater lawrence incident has materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in connection with the greater lawrence incident, we have incurred and will incur various costs and expenses as set forth in note 6, "goodwill and other intangible assets," note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - c. legal proceedings," and "- e. other matters" in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we are subject to inquiries and investigations by government authorities and regulatory agencies regarding the greater lawrence incident, including the massachusetts dpu and the massachusetts attorney general's office. we are cooperating with all inquiries and investigations. in addition, on february 26, 2020, the company and columbia of massachusetts entered into agreements with the u.s. attorney's office to resolve the u.s. attorney's office's investigation relating to the greater lawrence incident, as described further below.
as more information becomes known, management's estimates and assumptions regarding the costs and expenses to be incurred and the financial impact of the greater lawrence incident may change. a change in management's estimates or assumptions could result in an adjustment that would have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows during the period in which such change occurred.
while we have recovered the full amount of our liability insurance coverage available under our policies, total expenses related to the incident have exceeded such amount. expenses in excess of our liability insurance coverage have materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
we may also incur additional costs associated with the greater lawrence incident, beyond the amount currently anticipated, including in connection with investigations by regulators as well as civil litigation. further, state or federal legislation may be enacted that would require us to incur additional costs by mandating various changes, including changes to our operating practice standards for natural gas distribution operations and safety. if we are unable to recover the capital cost of the gas pipeline replacement in the impacted area or we incur a material amount of other costs that we are unable to recover through rates or offset through operational or other cost savings, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
further, if it is determined in other matters that we did not comply with applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, or orders in connection with the greater lawrence incident or in connection with the operations or maintenance of our natural gas system, and we are ordered to pay additional amounts in customer refunds, penalties, or other amounts, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our settlement with the u.s. attorney's office in respect of federal charges in connection with the greater lawrence incident may expose us to further penalties, liabilities and private litigation, and may impact our operations.
on february 26, 2020, the company entered into a dpa and columbia of massachusetts entered into a plea agreement with the u.s. attorney's office to resolve the u.s. attorney's office's investigation relating to the greater lawrence incident. columbia of massachusetts' plea agreement with the u.s. attorney's office is subject to approval by the united states district court for the district of massachusetts (the "court"). if columbia of massachusetts' guilty plea is not accepted by the court or is withdrawn for any reason, the u.s. attorney's office may, at its sole option, render the dpa null and void. see note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - c. legal proceedings" in the notes to consolidated financial statements. the agreements impose various compliance and remedial obligations on the company and columbia of massachusetts. failure to comply with the terms of these agreements could result in further enforcement action by the u.s. attorney's office, expose the company and columbia of massachusetts to penalties, financial or otherwise, and subjects the company to further private litigation, each of which could impact our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
the closing of the sale of the massachusetts business is subject to receipt of clearance and approval from various governmental entities and other closing conditions that may not be satisfied or waived, and, in order to receive such clearance, consent or approval, governmental entities may impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions that eversource is not obligated to accept in order to complete the transaction.
on february 26, 2020, nisource, columbia of massachusetts and eversource entered into the asset purchase agreement providing for the sale of the massachusetts business to eversource. the asset purchase agreement provides for various closing conditions, including (a) the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, (b) the receipt of the approval of the massachusetts dpu (the "mdpu approval") and (c) the final resolution or termination of all pending actions, claims and proceedings against seller and its affiliates under the jurisdiction of the massachusetts dpu and all future, actions, claims and proceedings against seller and its affiliates relating to the greater lawrence incident under the jurisdiction of the massachusetts dpu.
the satisfaction of many of the closing conditions is beyond our control. we may not receive the required clearance and approvals for the transaction or the required resolution with the massachusetts dpu, or we may not receive them in a timely manner. in addition, governmental entities could impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions as conditions for their approvals and as conditions to resolve certain proceedings, and these may include substantial payments by us. moreover, eversource is not required to agree to any conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions to obtain required clearance and approvals if such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions would reasonably be expected to constitute a "burdensome condition" as defined in the asset purchase agreement. there can be no assurance that regulators will not seek to impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions that would constitute burdensome conditions.
if the closing conditions are not satisfied or there is a substantial delay in obtaining the required clearance and approvals, or otherwise satisfying the closing conditions, the sale of the massachusetts business may not be completed, and we may lose some or all of the intended benefits of the sale.
the sale of the massachusetts business poses risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business, and we may not realize the expected benefits of the sale of the massachusetts business.
the sale of the massachusetts business involves separation or carve-out activities and costs and possible disputes with eversource. following the sale, we may have continued financial liabilities with respect to the business conducted by columbia of massachusetts, item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
as we will be required to retain responsibility for, and indemnify eversource against, certain liabilities, including liabilities for any fines arising out of the greater lawrence incident and liabilities of columbia of massachusetts or its affiliates pursuant to civil claims for injury of persons or damage to property to the extent such injury or damage occurs prior to the closing in connection with columbia of massachusetts' business. it may also be difficult to determine whether a claim from a third party is our responsibility, and we may expend substantial resources trying to determine whether we or eversource has responsibility for the claim.
if we do not realize the expected benefits of the sale of the massachusetts business, our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. the sale of the massachusetts business may result in a dilutive impact to our future earnings if we are unable to offset the dilutive impact from the loss of revenue associated with the sale, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
the failure to complete the transactions contemplated by the asset purchase agreement within the expected time frame or at all could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the price of our common stock.
if the sale of the massachusetts business is not completed by october 26, 2020 (subject to up to two automatic 45-day extensions under certain circumstances related to obtaining required regulatory approvals and resolution with the massachusetts dpu), we or eversource may choose not to proceed with the transaction. completion of the transaction is subject to risks, including the risks that approval of the transaction by governmental entities will not be obtained or that certain other closing conditions will not be satisfied. a failure to complete the transaction may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community. moreover, under the terms of the settlement with the u.s. attorney's office, we will be obligated to use reasonable best efforts to sell columbia of massachusetts' business, and there is no assurance that we will be able to sell such business to a third party on as favorable terms, if at all. the occurrence of any of these events, individually or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or the trading price of our common stock.
our gas distribution activities, as well as generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including potential public safety risks.
our gas distribution activities, as well as generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity, involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, including, but not limited to, gas leaks and over-pressurization, downed power lines, damage to our infrastructure by third parties, outages, environmental spills, mechanical problems and other incidents, which could cause substantial financial losses, as demonstrated in part by the greater lawrence incident. in addition, these hazards and risks have resulted and may in the future result in serious injury or loss of life to employees and/or the general public, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, adverse regulatory rulings and reputational harm, which in turn could lead to substantial losses for us. the location of pipeline facilities, or generation, transmission, substation and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from such incidents. as with the greater lawrence incident, certain incidents have subjected and may in the future subject us to litigation or administrative or other legal proceedings from time to time, both civil and criminal, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, be resolved on unfavorable terms, and require us to incur significant operational expenses. the occurrence of incidents has in certain instances adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our reputation, cash flows, financial position and/or results of operations. we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses.
we may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all. our liability insurance coverage did not provide protection against all significant losses as a result of the greater lawrence incident and may not provide protection against all significant losses in the future.
our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, are affected by developments affecting our business; international, national, state, or local events; and the financial condition of insurers. the insurance market is experiencing a hardening environment due to reductions in commercial suppliers and the capacity they are willing to issue, increases in overall demand for capacity, and a prevalence of severe losses. nisource has been particularly affected by the current market conditions. we have not been able to obtain liability insurance coverage at previously procured limits at rates that are acceptable to us. insurance coverage may not continue to be available at limits, rates or terms acceptable to us. the premiums we pay for our insurance coverage have significantly increased as a result of market conditions and the accumulated loss ratio over the history of nisource operations, and we expect that they will continue to increase as a result of market conditions. in addition, our insurance is not sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we are subject. for example, total expenses related to the greater lawrence incident have exceeded the total amount of liability coverage available under our policies.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
also, certain types of damages, expenses or claimed costs, such as fines and penalties, may be excluded under the policies. in addition, insurers providing insurance to us may raise defenses to coverage under the terms and conditions of the respective insurance policies that could result in a denial of coverage or limit the amount of insurance proceeds available to us. any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. for example, expenses related to the greater lawrence incident that we are unable to recover from liability or property insurance have materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our results of operations. for more information regarding our insurance programs in the context of the greater lawrence incident, see note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - c. legal proceedings," and " - e. other matters" in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation related to our business operations, including those related to the greater lawrence incident, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation in connection with our business operations, including the greater lawrence incident, the most significant of which are summarized in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements. our insurance does not cover all costs and expenses that we have incurred and that we may incur in the future relating to the greater lawrence incident, and may not fully cover other incidents that may occur in the future. due to the inherent uncertainty of the outcomes of such matters, there can be no assurance that the resolution of any particular claim or proceeding would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. certain matters in connection with the greater lawrence incident have had or may have a material impact as described in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements. if one or more of such additional or other matters were decided against us, the effects could be material to our results of operations in the period in which we would be required to record or adjust the related liability and could also be material to our cash flows in the periods that we would be required to pay such liability.
we are exposed to significant reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to a loss of cost recovery, increased litigation and negative public perception.
as a utility company, we are subject to adverse publicity focused on the reliability of our services, the speed with which we are able to respond effectively to electric outages, natural gas leaks or events and related accidents and similar interruptions caused by storm damage or other unanticipated events, as well as our own or third parties' actions or failure to act. we are also subject to adverse publicity related to actual or perceived environmental impacts. if customers, legislators, or regulators have or develop a negative opinion of us, this could result in less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes or increased regulatory oversight, increased litigation and negative public perception. the adverse publicity and investigations we experienced as a result of the greater lawrence incident may have an ongoing negative impact on the public's perception of us. it is difficult to predict the ultimate impact of this adverse publicity. the foregoing may have continuing adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
our businesses are subject to various laws, regulations and tariffs. we could be materially adversely affected if we fail to comply with such laws, regulations and tariffs or with any changes in or new interpretations of such laws, regulations and tariffs.
our businesses are subject to various laws, regulations and tariffs, including, but not limited to, those relating to natural gas pipeline safety, employee safety, the environment and our energy infrastructure. existing laws, regulations and tariffs may be revised or become subject to new interpretations, and new laws, regulations and tariffs may be adopted or become applicable to us and our operations. in some cases, compliance with new laws, regulations and tariffs increases our costs. if we fail to comply with laws, regulations and tariffs applicable to us or with any changes in or new interpretations of such laws, regulations or tariffs, our financial condition, results of operations, regulatory outcomes and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
our businesses are regulated under numerous environmental laws. the cost of compliance with these laws, and changes to or additions to, or reinterpretations of the laws, could be significant. liability from the failure to comply with existing or changed laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and rules that regulate, among other things, air emissions, water usage and discharges, ghg and waste products such as coal combustion residuals. compliance with these legal obligations require us to make expenditures for installation of pollution control equipment, remediation, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at many of our facilities. these expenditures are significant, and we expect that they will continue to item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
be significant in the future. furthermore, if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or are found to have caused damage to the environment or persons, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and damages against us and injunctions to remedy the failure or harm.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and new laws and regulations seeking to change environmental regulation of the energy industry may be adopted or become applicable to us, with an increased focus on both coal and natural gas in recent years. revised or additional laws and regulations may result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on our facilities or increased compliance costs, which may not be fully recoverable from customers through regulated rates and could, therefore, impact our financial position, financial results and cash flow. moreover, such costs could materially affect the continued economic viability of one or more of our facilities.
an area of significant uncertainty and risk are the laws concerning emission of ghg. while we continue to reduce ghg emissions through the retirement of coal-fired electric generation, priority pipeline replacement, energy efficiency, leak detection and repair, and other programs, and expect to further reduce ghg emissions through increased use of renewable energy, ghg emissions are currently an expected aspect of the electric and natural gas business. revised or additional future ghg legislation and/or regulation related to the generation of electricity or the extraction, production, distribution, transmission, storage and end use of natural gas could materially impact our gas supply, financial position, financial results and cash flows.
even in instances where legal and regulatory requirements are already known or anticipated, the original cost estimates for environmental improvements, remediation of past environmental impact, or pollution reduction strategies and equipment can differ materially from the amount ultimately expended. the actual future expenditures depend on many factors, including the nature and extent of impact, the method of improvement, the cost of raw materials, contractor costs, and requirements established by environmental authorities. changes in costs and the ability to recover under regulatory mechanisms could affect our financial position, financial results and cash flows.
a significant portion of the gas and electricity we sell is used by residential and commercial customers for heating and air conditioning. accordingly, fluctuations in weather, gas and electricity commodity costs and economic conditions impact demand of our customers and our operating results.
energy sales are sensitive to variations in weather. forecasts of energy sales are based on "normal" weather, which represents a long-term historical average. significant variations from normal weather could have, and have had, a material impact on energy sales. additionally, residential usage, and to some degree commercial usage, is sensitive to fluctuations in commodity costs for gas and electricity, whereby usage declines with increased costs, thus affecting our financial results. lastly, residential and commercial customers' usage is sensitive to economic conditions and factors such as unemployment, consumption and consumer confidence. therefore, prevailing economic conditions affecting the demand of our customers may in turn affect our financial results.
our business operations are subject to economic conditions in certain industries.
business operations throughout our service territories have been and may continue to be adversely affected by economic events at the national and local level where it operates. in particular, sales to large industrial customers, such as those in the steel, oil refining, industrial gas and related industries, may be impacted by economic downturns and geographic or technological shifts in production or production methods. the u.s. manufacturing industry continues to adjust to changing market conditions including international competition, increasing costs, and fluctuating demand for its products.
the implementation of nipsco's electric generation strategy, including the retirement of its coal generation units, may not achieve intended results.
on october 31, 2018, nipsco submitted its 2018 integrated resource plan with the iurc setting forth its short- and long-term electric generation plans in an effort to maintain affordability while providing reliable, flexible and cleaner sources of power. the plan evaluated demand-side and supply-side resource alternatives to reliably and cost-effectively meet nipsco customers' future energy requirements over the ensuing 20 years. the preferred option within the integrated resource plan sets forth a schedule to retire r.m. schahfer generating station (units 14, 15, 17, and 18) in 2023 and michigan city generating station (unit 12) in 2028. the current replacement plan includes renewable sources of energy, including wind, solar, and battery storage.
as part of this plan, nipsco has iurc approval for the jordan creek ppa for 400 mw, the indiana crossroads bta for 300 mw and the rosewater bta for 100 mw. each is a separate facility and all mw are nameplate capacity. nipsco has filed a notice with the iurc of its intention not to move forward with one of its approved ppas due to the failure to meet a condition precedent in the agreement as a result of local zoning restrictions.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
there are inherent risks and uncertainties in executing the integrated resource plan, including changes in market conditions, regulatory approvals, environmental regulations, commodity costs and customer expectations, which may impede nipsco's ability to achieve the intended results. nipsco's future success will depend, in part, on its ability to successfully implement its long-term electric generation plans, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. nipsco's electric generation strategy could require significant future capital expenditures, operating costs and charges to earnings that may negatively impact our financial position, financial results and cash flows.
fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs or an inability to obtain an adequate, reliable and cost-effective fuel supply to meet customer demands may have a negative impact on our financial results.
our electric generating fleet is dependent on coal and natural gas for fuel, and our gas distribution operations purchase and resell much of the natural gas we deliver to our customers. these energy commodities are vulnerable to price fluctuations and fluctuations in associated transportation costs. from time to time, we have also used hedging in order to offset fluctuations in commodity supply prices. we rely on regulatory recovery mechanisms in the various jurisdictions in order to fully recover the commodity costs incurred in providing service. however, while we have historically been successful in the recovery of costs related to such commodity prices, there can be no assurance that such costs will be fully recovered through rates in a timely manner.
in addition, we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines, and other transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to wholesale markets, supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities, and provide retail energy services to customers. if transportation is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, we may be unable to sell and deliver our gas and electric services to some or all of our customers. as a result, we may be required to procure additional or alternative electricity and/or natural gas supplies at then-current market rates, which, if recovery of related costs is disallowed, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
we are exposed to risk that customers will not remit payment for delivered energy or services, and that suppliers or counterparties will not perform under various financial or operating agreements.
our extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy, involves considerable judgment by our employees and is based on an evaluation of a customer or counterparty's financial condition, credit history and other factors. we monitor our credit risk exposure by obtaining credit reports and updated financial information for customers and suppliers, and by evaluating the financial status of our banking partners and other counterparties by reference to market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels, and to traditional credit ratings provided by the major credit rating agencies. adverse economic conditions could result in an increase in defaults by customers, suppliers and counterparties.
we have significant goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets. impairments of goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets related to columbia of massachusetts have resulted in significant charges to earnings for the quarter and year ended december 31, 2019. any future impairments of other goodwill could result in a significant charge to earnings in a future period and negatively impact our compliance with certain covenants under financing agreements.
in accordance with gaap, we test goodwill for impairment at least annually and review our definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate its fair value might be below its carrying value. goodwill is also tested for impairment when factors, examples of which include reduced cash flow estimates, a sustained decline in stock price or market capitalization below book value, indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
we are required to record a charge in our financial statements for a period in which any impairment of our goodwill or definite-lived intangible assets is determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2019, we conducted an impairment analysis for the goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets (franchise rights) related to columbia of massachusetts and concluded that such goodwill and franchise rights were impaired. as a result, we recorded an impairment charge of $204.8 million for such goodwill and an impairment charge of $209.7 million for such franchise rights at december 31, 2019. for additional information, see note 6, "goodwill and other intangible assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
a significant charge in the future could impact the capitalization ratio covenant under certain financing agreements. we are subject to a financial covenant under our revolving credit facility and term loan agreement, which require us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. a similar covenant in a 2005 private placement note purchase agreement requires us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 75%. as of december 31, 2019, the ratio was 61.7%.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
changes in taxation and the ability to quantify such changes as well as challenges to tax positions could adversely affect our financial results.
we are subject to taxation by the various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels where we do business. legislation or regulation which could affect our tax burden could be enacted by any of these governmental authorities. for example, the tcja includes numerous provisions that affect businesses, including changes to u.s. corporate tax rates, business-related exclusions, and deductions and credits. the outcome of regulatory proceedings regarding the extent to which the effect of a change in corporate tax rate will impact customers and the time period over which the impact will occur could significantly impact future earnings and cash flows. separately, a challenge by a taxing authority, changes in taxing authorities' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, our ability to utilize tax benefits such as carryforwards or tax credits, or a deviation from other tax-related assumptions may cause actual financial results to deviate from previous estimates.
changes in accounting principles may adversely affect our financial results.
future changes in accounting rules and associated changes in regulatory accounting may negatively impact the way we record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. these changes in accounting standards may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
aging infrastructure may lead to disruptions in operations and increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.
we have risks associated with aging infrastructure, including our gas infrastructure assets. these risks can be driven by threats such as, but not limited to, internal corrosion, external corrosion and stress corrosion cracking. the age of these assets may result in a need for replacement, a higher level of maintenance costs, or unscheduled outages, despite efforts by us to properly maintain or upgrade these assets through inspection, scheduled maintenance and capital investment. in addition, the nature of the information available on aging infrastructure assets, which in some cases is incomplete, may make inspections, maintenance, upgrading and replacement of the assets particularly challenging. additionally, missing or incorrect infrastructure data may lead to (1) difficulty properly locating facilities, which can result in excavator damage and operational or emergency response issues, and (2) configuration and control risks associated with the modification of system operating pressures in connection with turning off or turning on service to customers, which can result in unintended outages or operating pressures. also, additional maintenance and inspections are required in some instances in order to improve infrastructure information and records and address emerging regulatory or risk management requirements, which increases our costs. the failure to operate these assets as desired could result in gas leaks and other incidents and in our inability to meet firm service obligations, which could adversely impact revenues, and could also result in increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, which, if not fully recovered from customers, could negatively impact our financial results.
the impacts of climate change, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, accidents or other catastrophic events may disrupt operations and reduce the ability to service customers.
a disruption or failure of natural gas distribution systems, or within electric generation, transmission or distribution systems, in the event of a major hurricane, tornado, terrorist attack, cyber-attack (as further detailed below), accident or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. we have experienced disruptions in the past from hurricanes and tornadoes and other events of this nature. the occurrence of such events could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. in accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. there is also a concern that climate change may exacerbate the risks to physical infrastructure. such risks include heat stresses to power lines, storms that damage infrastructure, lake and sea level changes that affect the manner in which services are currently provided, droughts or other stresses on water used to supply services, and other extreme weather conditions. climate change and the costs that may be associated with its impacts have the potential to affect our business in many ways, including increasing the costs we incur in providing our products and services, impacting the demand for and consumption of our products and services (due to change in both costs and weather patterns), and affecting the economic health of the regions in which we operate.
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
a cyber-attack on any of our or certain third-party computer systems upon which we rely may adversely affect our ability to operate and could lead to a loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information or potential liability.
we are reliant on technology to run our business, which is dependent upon financial and operational computer systems to process critical information necessary to conduct various elements of our business, including the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, operation of our gas pipeline facilities and the recording and reporting of commercial and financial transactions to regulators, investors and other stakeholders. in addition to general information and cyber risks that all large corporations face (e.g., malware, unauthorized access attempts, phishing attacks, malicious intent by insiders and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), the utility industry faces evolving and increasingly complex cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer information, electric grid infrastructure, and natural gas infrastructure. deployment of new business technologies represents a new and large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. increasing large-scale corporate attacks in conjunction with more sophisticated threats continue to challenge power and utility companies. any failure of our computer systems, or those of our customers, suppliers or others with whom we do business, could materially disrupt our ability to operate our business and could result in a financial loss and possibly do harm to our reputation.
additionally, our information systems experience ongoing, often sophisticated, cyber-attacks by a variety of sources, including foreign sources, with the apparent aim to breach our cyber-defenses. although we attempt to maintain adequate defenses to these attacks and work through industry groups and trade associations to identify common threats and assess our countermeasures, a security breach of our information systems, or a security breach of the information systems of our customers, suppliers or others with whom we do business, could (i) impact the reliability of our generation, transmission and distribution systems and potentially negatively impact our compliance with certain mandatory reliability standards, (ii) subject us to reputational and other harm or liabilities associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information such as system operating information or information, personal or otherwise, relating to our customers or employees, (iii) impact our ability to manage our businesses, and/or (iv) subject us to legal and regulatory proceedings and claims from third parties, in addition to remediation costs, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. although we do maintain cyber insurance, it is possible that such insurance will not adequately cover any losses or liabilities we may incur as a result of any cybersecurity-related litigation.
our capital projects and programs subject us to construction risks and natural gas costs and supply risks, and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies.
our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, natural gas storage, and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. we are engaged in intrastate natural gas pipeline modernization programs to maintain system integrity and enhance service reliability and flexibility. nipsco also is currently engaged in a number of capital projects, including environmental improvements to its electric generating stations, the construction of new transmission facilities, and new projects related to renewable energy. as we undertake these projects and programs, we may be unable to complete them on schedule or at the anticipated costs. additionally, we may construct or purchase some of these projects and programs to capture anticipated future growth in natural gas production, which may not materialize, and may cause the construction to occur over an extended period of time.
our existing and planned capital projects require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from federal, state, and local governmental agencies. if there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required approvals or to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, we may not be able to construct or operate our facilities, we may be forced to incur additional costs, or we may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in a project. we also may not receive the anticipated increases in revenue and cash flows resulting from such projects and programs until after their completion. other construction risks include changes in costs of materials, equipment, commodities or labor (including changes to tariffs on materials), delays caused by construction incidents or injuries, work stoppages, shortages in qualified labor, poor initial cost estimates, unforeseen engineering issues, the ability to obtain necessary rights-of-way, easements and transmissions connections and general contractors and subcontractors not performing as required under their contracts.
to the extent that delays occur, costs become unrecoverable, or we otherwise become unable to effectively manage and complete our capital projects, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
sustained extreme weather conditions may negatively impact our operations.
we conduct our operations across a wide geographic area subject to varied and potentially extreme weather conditions, which may from time to time persist for sustained periods of time. despite preventative maintenance efforts, persistent weather related stress item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
on our infrastructure may reveal weaknesses in our systems not previously known to us or otherwise present various operational challenges across all business segments. further, adverse weather may affect our ability to conduct operations in a manner that satisfies customer expectations or contractual obligations, including by causing service disruptions.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, and maintain good labor relations, could harm our results of operations.
we operate in an industry that requires many of our employees to possess unique technical skill sets. events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. these operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in addition, current and prospective employees may determine that they do not wish to work for us due to market, economic, employment and other conditions. failure to hire and retain qualified employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. if we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, safety, service reliability, customer satisfaction and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
some of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on an operating company basis.  any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
we are a holding company and are dependent on cash generated by our subsidiaries to meet our debt obligations and pay dividends on our stock.
we are a holding company and conduct our operations primarily through our subsidiaries, which are separate and distinct legal entities. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by our subsidiaries. accordingly, our ability to meet our debt obligations or pay dividends on our common stock and preferred stock is largely dependent upon cash generated by these subsidiaries. in the event a major subsidiary is not able to pay dividends or transfer cash flows to us, our ability to service our debt obligations or pay dividends could be negatively affected.
if we cannot effectively manage new initiatives and organizational changes, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the business and regulatory environment.
in order to execute on our sustainable growth strategy and enhance our culture of ongoing continuous improvement, we must effectively manage the complexity and frequency of new initiatives and organizational changes. if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed to execute our strategy in this increasingly dynamic and competitive business and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations and relationships with our business partners, regulators, customers and stockholders may be negatively impacted.
we outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and substandard performance by those third parties could harm our business, reputation and results of operations.
utilities rely on extensive networks of business partners and suppliers to support critical enterprise capabilities across their organizations. global metrics indicate that deliveries from suppliers are slowing and that labor shortages are occurring in the energy sector. we outsource certain services to third parties in areas including construction services, information technology, materials, fleet, environmental, operational services and other areas. outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to inferior service quality or substandard deliverables, which may result in non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry standards), interruption of service or accidents, or reputational harm, which could negatively impact our results of operations. if any difficulties in the operations of these third-party suppliers and service providers, including their systems, were to occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations, or adversely affect our ability to work with regulators, unions, customers or employees.
changes in the method for determining libor and the potential replacement of the libor benchmark interest rate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
some of our indebtedness, including borrowings under our revolving credit agreement and term loan agreement, bears interest at a variable rate based on libor. from time to time, we also enter into hedging instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the libor benchmark interest rate. in addition, these hedging instruments, as well as hedging instruments that our subsidiaries item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
use for hedging natural gas price and basis risk, rely on libor-based rates to calculate interest accrued on certain payments that may be required to be made under these agreements, such as late payments or interest accrued if any cash collateral should be held by a counterparty. any changes announced by regulators in the method pursuant to which the libor rates are determined may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported libor rates. if that were to occur, the level of interest payments we incur may change.
in july 2017, the united kingdom financial conduct authority ("fca"), which regulates libor, announced that the fca intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. it is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms or the establishment of alternative reference rates in the united kingdom or elsewhere. in the united states, efforts to identify a set of alternative u.s. dollar reference interest rates include proposals by the alternative reference rates committee of the federal reserve board and the federal reserve bank of new york. the alternative reference rates committee has proposed the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as its recommended alternative to libor, and the federal reserve bank of new york began publishing sofr rates in april 2018. sofr is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight that is collateralized by u.s. treasury securities. however, because sofr is a broad u.s. treasury repurchase agreement financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, it differs fundamentally from libor. for example, sofr is a secured overnight rate, while libor is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. in addition, because sofr is a transaction-based rate, it is backward-looking, whereas libor is forward-looking. because of these and other differences, there is no assurance that sofr will perform in the same way as libor would have performed at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for libor. sofr may fail to gain market acceptance.
in addition, although certain of our libor based obligations provide for alternative methods of calculating the interest rate payable on certain of our obligations if libor is not reported, which include, without limitation, requesting certain rates from major reference banks in london or new york, uncertainty as to the extent and manner of future changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher than, lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the interest rates or payments that would have been made on our obligations if a libor-based rate was available in its current form.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
index                                          page executive summary                                27
summary of consolidated financial results        29
results and discussion of segment operations     31
gas distribution operations                      32
electric operations                              36
liquidity and capital resources                  40
off balance sheet arrangements                   44
market risk disclosures                          44
other information                                45
executive summary this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (management's discussion) analyzes our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and those of our subsidiaries. it also includes management's analysis of past financial results and certain potential factors that may affect future results, potential future risks and approaches that may be used to manage those risks. see "note regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this report for a list of factors that may cause results to differ materially.
management's discussion is designed to provide an understanding of our operations and financial performance and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
we are an energy holding company under the public utility holding company act of 2005 whose subsidiaries are fully regulated natural gas and electric utility companies serving customers in seven states. we generate substantially all of our operating income through these rate-regulated businesses which are summarized for financial reporting purposes into two primary reportable segments: gas distribution operations and electric operations.
refer to the "business" section under item 1 of this annual report and note 23, "segments of business," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our regulated utility business segments.
our goal is to develop strategies that benefit all stakeholders as we address changing customer conservation patterns, develops more contemporary pricing structures and embarks on long-term infrastructure investment and safety programs. these strategies are intended to improve reliability and safety, enhance customer services and reduce emissions while generating sustainable returns. additionally, we continue to pursue regulatory and legislative initiatives that will allow residential customers not currently on our system to obtain gas service in a cost effective manner. refer also to the discussion of electric supply within our electric operations segment discussion for additional information on our long term electric generation strategy.
greater lawrence incident: the greater lawrence incident occurred on september 13, 2018. the following table summarizes expenses incurred and insurance recoveries recorded since the greater lawrence incident. the amounts set forth in the table below do not include the capital cost of the pipeline replacement described below and as set forth in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - e. other matters - greater lawrence pipeline replacement," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
year ended                  year ended
(in millions)                                                            december 31, 2018           december 31, 2019        incident to date third-party claims and government fines, penalties and settlements            $757                        $284                  $1,041
other incident-related costs                                                   266                         154                     420
total                                                                        1,023                         438                   1,461
insurance recoveries recorded                                                 (135       )                (665       )            (800       )
loss (benefit) to income before income taxes                                  $888                       $(227       )            $661
inclusive of the $1,041 million of third-party claims and fines, penalties and settlements associated with government investigations recorded incident to date, we estimate that total costs related to third-party claims and fines, penalties and settlements associated
27
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
with government investigations as set forth in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - c. legal proceedings," will range from $1,041 million to $1,065 million, depending on the number, nature, final outcome and value of third-party claims and the final outcome of government investigations. these costs do not include costs of certain third-party claims and fines, penalties or settlements with government investigations that we are not able to estimate. we expect to incur a total of $450 million to $460 million in other incident-related costs, inclusive of the $420 million recorded incident to date, as set forth in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - e. other matters - greater lawrence incident restoration."
the process for estimating costs associated with third-party claims and fines, penalties and settlements associated with government investigations relating to the greater lawrence incident requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors. as more information becomes known, including additional information regarding ongoing investigations, management's estimates and assumptions regarding the financial impact of the greater lawrence incident may change.
the aggregate amount of third-party liability insurance coverage available for losses arising from the greater lawrence incident is $800 million. we have collected the entire $800 million as of december 31, 2019. expenses related to the incident have exceeded the total amount of insurance coverage available under our policies. the following table presents activity related to our greater lawrence incident insurance recovery.
(in millions)                                                                insurance receivable(1)
balance, december 31, 2018                                                            $130
insurance recoveries recorded in first quarter of 2019                                 100
cash collected from insurance recoveries in the first quarter of 2019                 (108         )
balance, march 31, 2019                                                                122
insurance recoveries recorded in the second quarter of 2019                            435
cash collected from insurance recoveries in the second quarter of 2019                (297         )
balance, june 30, 2019                                                                $260
insurance recoveries recorded in third quarter of 2019                                   -
cash collected from insurance recoveries in the third quarter of 2019                 (260         )
balance, september 30, 2019                                                             $-
insurance recoveries recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019                            130
cash collected from insurance recoveries in the fourth quarter of 2019                (130         )
balance, december 31, 2019                                                              $-
(1)$5 million of insurance recoveries were collected during 2018.
since the greater lawrence incident and through december 31, 2019, we have invested approximately $258 million of capital spend for the pipeline replacement; this work was completed in 2019. we maintain property insurance for gas pipelines and other applicable property. columbia of massachusetts has filed a proof of loss with its property insurer for the full cost of the pipeline replacement. in january 2020, we filed a lawsuit against the property insurer, seeking payment of our property claim. we are currently unable to predict the timing or amount of any insurance recovery under the property policy. the recovery of any capital investment not reimbursed through insurance will be addressed in a future regulatory proceeding; a future regulatory proceeding is dependent on the outcome of the sale of the massachusetts business. the outcome of such a proceeding (if any) is uncertain. in accordance with asc 980-360, if it becomes probable that a portion of the pipeline replacement cost will not be recoverable through customer rates and an amount can be reasonably estimated, we will reduce our regulated plant balance for the amount of the probable disallowance and record an associated charge to earnings. this could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additionally, if a rate order is received allowing recovery of the investment with no or reduced return on investment, a loss on disallowance may be required.
refer to note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - c. legal proceedings" and " - e. other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements, "summary of consolidated financial results," "results and discussion of segment operation - gas distribution operations," and "liquidity and capital resources" in this management's discussion for additional information related to the greater lawrence incident.
28
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
additionally, as discussed in note 6, "goodwill and other intangible assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements, we assessed the totality of several factors that developed during the fourth quarter related to the greater lawrence incident and concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the columbia of massachusetts reporting unit was below its carrying value. as a result, a new impairment analysis was required for our columbia of massachusetts reporting unit. the year-end impairment analysis indicated that the fair value of the columbia of massachusetts reporting unit was below its carrying value. as a result, we reduced the columbia of massachusetts reporting unit goodwill balance to zero and recognized a goodwill impairment charge totaling $204.8 million, which is non-deductible for tax purposes. we assessed the same fourth quarter circumstances in reviewing the columbia of massachusetts franchise rights intangible assets. these factors led us to conclude that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the franchise rights was below its carrying amount. as a result, we performed a year-end impairment test and determined that the fair value of the franchise rights was zero. therefore, we wrote off the entire franchise rights book value, which resulted in an impairment charge totaling $209.7 million.
columbia of massachusetts asset sale: on february 26, 2020, nisource and columbia of massachusetts entered into the asset purchase agreement with eversource. upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the asset purchase agreement, nisource and columbia of massachusetts agreed to sell to eversource the massachusetts business for a purchase price of $1,100 million, subject to adjustment. for additional information, see note 26, "subsequent event," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
summary of consolidated financial results our operations are affected by the cost of sales. cost of sales for the gas distribution operations segment is principally comprised of the cost of natural gas used while providing transportation and distribution services to customers. cost of sales for the electric operations segment is comprised of the cost of coal, related handling costs, natural gas purchased for the internal generation of electricity at nipsco and the cost of power purchased from third-party generators of electricity.
the majority of the cost of sales are tracked costs that are passed through directly to the customer resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in operating revenues. as a result, we believe net revenues, a non-gaap financial measure defined as operating revenues less cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization), provides management and investors a useful measure to analyze profitability. the presentation of net revenues herein is intended to provide supplemental information for investors regarding operating performance. net revenues do not intend to represent operating income, the most comparable gaap measure, as an indicator of operating performance and is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
29
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, operating income and a reconciliation of net revenues to the most directly comparable gaap measure, operating income, was as follows:
year ended december 31, (in millions)            2019   2018                2017                     2019 vs. 2018   2018 vs. 2017
operating income                           $890.7              $124.7              $921.2            $766.0          $(796.5       )
year ended december 31, (in millions, except per share amounts)              2019                  2018                  2017            2019 vs. 2018            2018 vs. 2017
operating revenues                                                   $5,208.9              $5,114.5              $4,874.6                 $94.4                   $239.9
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)               1,534.8               1,761.3               1,518.7                (226.5      )             242.6
total net revenues                                                    3,674.1               3,353.2               3,355.9                 320.9                     (2.7      )
other operating expenses                                              2,783.4               3,228.5               2,434.7                (445.1      )             793.8
operating income                                                        890.7                 124.7                 921.2                 766.0                   (796.5      )
total other deductions, net                                            (384.1   )            (355.3   )            (478.2   )             (28.8      )             122.9
income taxes                                                            123.5                (180.0   )             314.5                 303.5                   (494.5      )
net income (loss)                                                       383.1                 (50.6   )             128.5                 433.7                   (179.1      )
preferred dividends                                                     (55.1   )             (15.0   )                 -                 (40.1      )             (15.0      )
net income (loss) available to common shareholders                      328.0                 (65.6   )             128.5                 393.6                   (194.1      )
basic earnings (loss) per share                                         $0.88                $(0.18   )             $0.39                 $1.06                   $(0.57      )
basic average common shares outstanding                                 374.6                 356.5                 329.4                  18.1                     27.1
on a consolidated basis, we reported net income available to common shareholders of $328.0 million or $0.88 per basic share for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 compared to a loss to common shareholders of $65.6 million or $0.18 per basic share for the same period in 2018. the increase in net income available to common shareholders during 2019 was primarily due to lower operating expenses related to the greater lawrence incident, insurance recoveries recorded related to the greater lawrence incident, and new rates from base rate proceedings and infrastructure replacement programs. these increases were partially offset by non-cash impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets in 2019 related to columbia of massachusetts (see note 6, "goodwill and other intangible assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information), higher income taxes (see "income taxes" below), higher depreciation expense due to regulatory outcomes at nipsco and columbia of ohio, and additional dilution in 2019 resulting from preferred stock dividend commitments.
operating income for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019, we reported operating income of $890.7 million compared to $124.7 million for the same period in 2018. the increased operating income was primarily due to decreased operating expenses related to the greater lawrence incident, insurance recoveries recorded related to the greater lawrence incident, and new rates from base rate proceedings and infrastructure replacement programs. these increases were partially offset by non-cash impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets in 2019 related to columbia of massachusetts (see note 6, "goodwill and other intangible asset," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information), and increased depreciation due to the regulatory outcome of nipsco's gas rate case and an increase in amortization of depreciation previously deferred as a regulatory asset resulting from columbia of ohio's cep.
other deductions, net other deductions, net reduced income by $384.1 million in 2019 compared to a reduction in income of $355.3 million in 2018. this change is primarily due to lower actuarial investment returns on pension and other postretirement benefit assets of $34.6 million, and an increase in interest expense of $25.6 million driven by decreased regulatory deferrals from columbia of ohio's cep. these unfavorable variances were partially offset by charitable contributions of $20.7 million in 2018 related to the greater lawrence incident.
income taxes the increase in income tax expense from 2018 to 2019 is primarily attributable to higher pre-tax income resulting from the items discussed above in "operating income" and "other deductions, net," true-ups to tax expense in 2018 to reflect regulatory outcomes associated with excess deferred income taxes, and higher income tax expense in 2019 related to the non-deductible, non-cash impairment of goodwill, fines and penalties.
30
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
refer to "liquidity and capital resources" below and note 10, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on income taxes and the change in the effective tax rate.
capital investment in 2019, we invested approximately $1.9 billion in capital expenditures across the gas and electric utilities. these expenditures were primarily aimed at furthering the safety and reliability of our gas distribution system, and maintaining our existing electric generation fleet.
we continue to execute on an estimated $30 billion in total projected long-term regulated utility infrastructure investments and expect to invest approximately $1.8 to $1.9 billion in capital during 2020 as we continue to focus on growth, safety and modernization projects across our operating area.
liquidity a primary focus of ours is to ensure the availability of adequate financing to fund our ongoing safety and infrastructure investment programs which typically involves the issuance of debt and/or equity. in addition, expenses related to the greater lawrence incident have exceeded the total amount of insurance coverage available under our policies. during 2020, we plan to pursue alternatives to cover this shortfall, including long-term financing and potential proceeds from the sale of the massachusetts business. for additional information, see note 26, "subsequent event," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
through income generated from operating activities, amounts available under our short-term revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, accounts receivable securitization facilities, term loan borrowings, long-term debt agreements, our ability to access the capital markets and the potential sale of the massachusetts business, we believe there is adequate capital available to fund our operating activities and capital expenditures and the effects of the greater lawrence incident in 2020 and beyond. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had approximately $1,409.1 million and $974.6 million, respectively, of net liquidity available, consisting of cash and available capacity under credit facilities.
these factors and other impacts to the financial results are discussed in more detail within the following discussions of "results and discussion of segment operations" and "liquidity and capital resources."
regulatory developments in 2019, we continued to move forward on core infrastructure and environmental investment programs supported by complementary regulatory and customer initiatives across all seven states of our operating area. refer to note 8, "regulatory matters" and note 19-e, "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of key regulatory developments that transpired during 2019.
results and discussion of segment operations presentation of segment information our operations are divided into two primary reportable segments: gas distribution operations and electric operations.
31
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, operating income (loss) and a reconciliation of net revenues to the most directly comparable gaap measure, operating income (loss), was as follows:
year ended december 31, (in millions)            2019   2018                2017                     2019 vs. 2018   2018 vs. 2017
operating income (loss)                    $675.4           $(254.1     )          $550.1            $929.5          $(804.2       )
year ended december 31, (in millions)                                       2019                   2018                   2017            2019 vs. 2018            2018 vs. 2017
net revenues operating revenues                                                 $3,522.8               $3,419.5               $3,102.1                 $103.3                   $317.4
less: cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)       1,067.6                1,259.3                1,005.0                 (191.7      )             254.3
net revenues                                                        2,455.2                2,160.2                2,097.1                  295.0                     63.1
operating expenses operation and maintenance                                             935.7                1,908.1                1,090.8                 (972.4      )             817.3
depreciation and amortization                                         403.2                  301.0                  269.3                  102.2                     31.7
impairment of other intangible assets                                 209.7                      -                      -                  209.7                        -
loss on sale of fixed assets and impairments, net                       0.1                    0.2                    2.8                   (0.1      )              (2.6      )
other taxes                                                           231.1                  205.0                  184.1                   26.1                     20.9
total operating expenses                                            1,779.8                2,414.3                1,547.0                 (634.5      )             867.3
operating income (loss)                                              $675.4                $(254.1    )            $550.1                 $929.5                  $(804.2      )
revenues residential                                                        $2,317.2               $2,248.3               $2,029.4                  $68.9                   $218.9
commercial                                                            775.1                  753.7                  669.4                   21.4                     84.3
industrial                                                            245.8                  228.6                  217.5                   17.2                     11.1
off-system                                                             77.7                   92.4                  111.8                  (14.7      )             (19.4      )
other                                                                 107.0                   96.5                   74.0                   10.5                     22.5
total                                                              $3,522.8               $3,419.5               $3,102.1                 $103.3                   $317.4
sales and transportation (mmdth)
residential                                                           274.9                  280.3                  247.1                   (5.4      )              33.2
commercial                                                            189.6                  187.6                  169.3                    2.0                     18.3
industrial                                                            542.5                  555.7                  517.5                  (13.2      )              38.2
off-system                                                             32.9                   30.0                   39.0                    2.9                     (9.0      )
other                                                                   0.3                      -                    0.3                    0.3                     (0.3      )
total                                                               1,040.2                1,053.6                  973.2                  (13.4      )              80.4
heating degree days                                                   5,375                  5,562                  4,927                   (187      )               635
normal heating degree days                                            5,452                  5,610                  5,610                   (158      )                 -
% warmer than normal                                                     (1   )%                (1   )%               (12   )%
gas distribution customers residential                                                       3,221,178              3,194,662              3,168,516                 26,516                   26,146
commercial                                                          282,778                281,517                280,362                  1,261                    1,155
industrial                                                            5,982                  5,833                  6,228                    149                     (395      )
other                                                                     3                                                                    -                       (1      )
total                                                             3,509,941              3,482,015              3,455,110                 27,926                   26,905
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
comparability of line item operating results may be impacted by regulatory, tax and depreciation trackers (other than those for cost of sales) that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs. therefore, increases in these tracked operating expenses are generally offset by increases in net revenues and have essentially no impact on net income.
2019 vs. 2018 operating income for 2019, gas distribution operations reported operating income of $675.4 million, an increase in income of $929.5 million from the comparable 2018 period.
net revenues for 2019 were $2,455.2 million, an increase of $295.0 million from the same period in 2018. the change in net revenues was primarily driven by:
•   new rates from base rate proceedings and infrastructure replacement programs of $243.2 million.
•   higher regulatory, depreciation, and tax trackers, which are offset in operating expense, of $36.2 million.
•   higher revenues of $14.5 million resulting from an update in the weather-related normal heating degree day methodology (see further detail below), partially offset by a $7.1 million revenue decrease from the effects of warmer weather in 2019.
•   the effects of commercial and residential customer growth of $12.8 million.
operating expenses were $634.5 million lower in 2019 compared to 2018. this change was primarily driven by:
•   decreased expenses related to third-party claims and other costs for the greater lawrence incident of $1,090.7 million, net of insurance recoveries recorded.
partially offset by:
•   non-cash impairment of the columbia of massachusetts franchise rights of $209.7 million.
•   increased depreciation of $103.8 million due to the regulatory outcome of nipsco's gas rate case, an increase in amortization of depreciation previously deferred as a regulatory asset resulting from columbia of ohio's cep, and higher capital expenditures placed in service.
•   higher employee and administrative expenses of $50.2 million driven by resources shifting from the temporary assistance on the greater lawrence incident restoration to normal operations (offset in the decreased greater lawrence incident costs discussed above) and an increase in headcount.
•   increased regulatory, depreciation, and tax trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $36.2 million.
•   higher property taxes of $22.2 million primarily due to increased amortization of property taxes previously deferred as a regulatory asset resulting from columbia of ohio's cep, as well as higher capital expenditures placed in service.
•   higher outside services of $17.4 million primarily due to increased line location and safety-related work.
•   higher insurance expense of $9.1 million primarily driven by increased premiums.
2018 vs. 2017 operating income for 2018, gas distribution operations reported an operating loss of $254.1 million, a decrease in income of $804.2 million from the comparable 2017 period.
net revenues for 2018 were $2,160.2 million, an increase of $63.1 million from the same period in 2017. the change in net revenues was primarily driven by:
•   new rates from infrastructure replacement programs and base rate proceedings of $99.6 million.
•   higher revenues from the effects of colder weather in 2018 of $37.5 million.
•   the effects of customer growth and increased usage of $17.4 million.
•   higher regulatory, tax and depreciation trackers, which are offset in operating expense, of $16.0 million.
partially offset by:
•   a revenue reserve of $85.0 million in 2018 resulting from the probable future refund of certain collections from customers as a result of the lower income tax rate from the tcja.
•   decreased rates from implementation of regulatory outcomes related to the tcja of $24.7 million.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
operating expenses were $867.3 million higher in 2018 compared to 2017. this change was primarily driven by:
•   expenses related to third-party claims and other costs for the greater lawrence incident of $864.4 million, net of insurance recoveries recorded.
•   increased depreciation of $29.6 million due to regulatory outcomes of nipsco's gas rate case and higher capital expenditures placed in service.
•   higher regulatory, tax and depreciation trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $16.0 million.
•   increased property taxes of $11.0 million due to higher capital expenditures placed in service and the impact of regulatory-driven property tax deferrals.
partially offset by:
•   decreased outside services of $33.2 million primarily due to it service provider transition and other strategic initiative costs in 2017, lower ongoing it costs and a temporary shift of resources to the greater lawrence incident restoration.
•   lower employee and administrative expenses of $30.2 million driven by reduced incentive compensation and a temporary shift of resources to the greater lawrence incident restoration.
weather in general, we calculate the weather-related revenue variance based on changing customer demand driven by weather variance from normal heating degree days. our composite heating degree days reported do not directly correlate to the weather-related dollar impact on the results of gas distribution operations. heating degree days experienced during different times of the year or in different operating locations may have more or less impact on volume and dollars depending on when and where they occur. when the detailed results are combined for reporting, there may be weather-related dollar impacts on operations when there is not an apparent or significant change in our aggregated composite heating degree day comparison.
the definition of "normal" weather was updated during the first quarter of 2019 to reflect more current weather pattern data and to more closely align with the regulators' jurisdictional definitions of "normal" weather. impacts of the change in methodology will be reflected prospectively and disclosed to the extent it results in notable year-over-year variances in net revenues.
weather in the gas distribution operations service territories for 2019 was about 1% warmer than normal and about 3% warmer than 2018; however, due to the aforementioned change in methodology, the change in net revenues attributed to weather resulted in an increase of $7.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018. the variance is detailed further below:
•   an update in the weather-related normal heating degree day methodology resulting in a favorable variance attributed to weather of $14.5 million, as discussed above.
offset by:
•   the effects of warmer weather in 2019 of $7.1 million.
weather in the gas distribution operations service territories for 2018 was about 1% warmer than normal and about 13% colder than 2017, increasing net revenues $37.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017.
throughput total volumes sold and transported for the year ended december 31, 2019 were 1,040.2 mmdth, compared to 1,053.6 mmdth for 2018. this decrease is primarily attributable to warmer weather experienced in 2019 compared to 2018.
total volumes sold and transported for the year ended december 31, 2018 were 1,053.6 mmdth, compared to 973.2 mmdth for 2017. this increase is primarily attributable to colder weather experienced in 2018 compared to 2017.
economic conditions all of our gas distribution operations companies have state-approved recovery mechanisms that provide a means for full recovery of prudently incurred gas costs. gas costs are treated as pass-through costs and have no impact on the net revenues recorded in the period. the gas costs included in revenues are matched with the gas cost expense recorded in the period and the difference is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as under-recovered or over-recovered gas cost to be included in future customer billings.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
certain gas distribution operations companies continue to offer choice opportunities, where customers can choose to purchase gas from a third-party supplier, through regulatory initiatives in their respective jurisdictions. these programs serve to further reduce our exposure to gas prices.
greater lawrence incident refer to note 19-c. "legal proceedings," and e. "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements, "summary of consolidated financial results" and "liquidity and capital resources" in this management's discussion, and part i. item 1a. "risk factors" for additional information related to the greater lawrence incident.
columbia of massachusetts asset sale on february 26, 2020, we entered into the asset purchase agreement with eversource providing for the sale of the massachusetts business to eversource, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the agreement. for additional information, see note 26, "subsequent event," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
35
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, operating income and a reconciliation of net revenues to the most directly comparable gaap measure, operating income, was as follows:
year ended december 31, (in millions)            2019   2018                2017                     2019 vs. 2018        2018 vs. 2017
operating income                           $406.8              $386.1              $367.4             $20.7                $18.7
year ended december 31, (in millions)                                      2019                  2018                  2017            2019 vs. 2018            2018 vs. 2017
net revenues operating revenues                                                 $1,699.2              $1,708.2              $1,786.5                 $(9.0      )            $(78.3      )
less: cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)         467.3                 502.1                 513.9                 (34.8      )             (11.8      )
net revenues                                                        1,231.9               1,206.1               1,272.6                  25.8                    (66.5      )
operating expenses operation and maintenance                                             495.0                 500.0                 565.6                  (5.0      )             (65.6      )
depreciation and amortization                                         277.3                 262.9                 277.8                  14.4                    (14.9      )
loss (gain) on sale of fixed assets and impairments, net               (0.1   )                 -                   1.9                  (0.1      )              (1.9      )
other taxes                                                            52.9                  57.1                  59.9                  (4.2      )              (2.8      )
total operating expenses                                              825.1                 820.0                 905.2                   5.1                    (85.2      )
operating income                                                     $406.8                $386.1                $367.4                 $20.7                    $18.7
revenues residential                                                          $481.6                $494.7                $476.9                $(13.1      )             $17.8
commercial                                                            486.7                 492.6                 501.2                  (5.9      )              (8.6      )
industrial                                                            608.4                 614.4                 698.1                  (6.0      )             (83.7      )
wholesale                                                              11.7                  15.7                  11.6                  (4.0      )               4.1
other                                                                 110.8                  90.8                  98.7                  20.0                     (7.9      )
total                                                              $1,699.2              $1,708.2              $1,786.5                 $(9.0      )            $(78.3      )
sales (gigawatt hours)
residential                                                         3,369.5               3,535.2               3,301.7                (165.7      )             233.5
commercial                                                          3,760.3               3,844.6               3,793.5                 (84.3      )              51.1
industrial                                                          8,466.1               8,829.5               9,469.7                (363.4      )            (640.2      )
wholesale                                                               8.2                 114.3                  32.5                (106.1      )              81.8
other                                                                 117.2                 124.4                 128.2                  (7.2      )              (3.8      )
total                                                              15,721.3              16,448.0              16,725.6                (726.7      )            (277.6      )
cooling degree days                                                     962                 1,180                   837                  (218      )               343
normal cooling degree days                                              803                   806                   806                    (3      )                 -
% warmer than normal                                                     20   %                46   %                 4   %
electric customers residential                                                         415,534               412,267               409,401                 3,267                    2,866
commercial                                                           57,058                56,605                56,134                   453                      471
industrial                                                            2,256                 2,284                 2,305                   (28      )               (21      )
wholesale                                                               726                   735                   739                    (9      )                (4      )
other                                                                     2                     2                     2                     -                        -
total                                                               475,576               471,893               468,581                 3,683                    3,312
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
comparability of line item operating results may be impacted by regulatory and depreciation trackers (other than those for cost of sales) that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs. therefore, increases in these tracked operating expenses are offset by increases in net revenues and have essentially no impact on net income.
2019 vs. 2018 operating income for 2019, electric operations reported operating income of $406.8 million, an increase of $20.7 million from the comparable 2018 period.
net revenues for 2019 were $1,231.9 million, an increase of $25.8 million from the same period in 2018. the change in net revenues was primarily driven by:
•   new rates from the recent rate case proceeding, incremental capital spend on infrastructure replacement programs, and electric transmission projects of $24.8 million.
•   decreased fuel handling costs of $11.0 million.
•   higher regulatory and depreciation trackers, which are offset in operating expense, of $8.4 million.
•   increased commercial and residential customer growth of $3.9 million.
partially offset by:
•   lower revenues from the effects of cooler weather of $15.1 million.
•   decreased residential, commercial and industrial usage of $10.8 million.
operating expenses were $5.1 million higher in 2019 than 2018. this change was primarily driven by:
•   higher regulatory and depreciation trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $8.4 million.
•   increased depreciation of $8.7 million due to higher capital expenditures placed in service.
partially offset by:
•   decreased materials and supplies costs of $7.8 million, primarily related to the retirement of bailly generating station units 7 and 8 on may 31, 2018.
•   decreased employee and administrative costs of $5.0 million.
2018 vs. 2017 operating income for 2018, electric operations reported operating income of $386.1 million, an increase of $18.7 million from the comparable 2017 period.
net revenues for 2018 were $1,206.1 million, a decrease of $66.5 million from the same period in 2017. the change in net revenues was primarily driven by:
•   lower regulatory and depreciation trackers, which are offset in operating expense, of $35.6 million.
•   decreased rates from implementation of regulatory outcomes related to the tcja of $32.9 million.
•   decreased industrial usage of $17.1 million.
•   a revenue reserve of $16.2 million in 2018 resulting from the probable future refund of certain collections from customers as a result of the lower income tax rate from the tcja .
•   increased fuel handling costs of $7.3 million.
partially offset by:
•   the effects of warmer weather of $25.2 million.
•   increased rates from infrastructure replacement programs of $18.6 million.
operating expenses were $85.2 million lower in 2018 than 2017. this change was primarily driven by:
•   lower regulatory and depreciation trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $35.6 million.
•   lower outside service costs of $32.1 million and lower material and supplies costs of $10.2 million primarily related to the retirement of bailly generating station units 7 and 8 on may 31, 2018.
•   decreased employee and administrative costs of $18.4 million.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
partially offset by:
•   increased depreciation of $10.0 million due to higher capital expenditures placed in service.
weather in general, we calculate the weather-related revenue variance based on changing customer demand driven by weather variance from normal heating or cooling degree days. our composite heating or cooling degree days reported do not directly correlate to the weather-related dollar impact on the results of electric operations. heating or cooling degree days experienced during different times of the year may have more or less impact on volume and dollars depending on when they occur. when the detailed results are combined for reporting, there may be weather-related dollar impacts on operations when there is not an apparent or significant change in our aggregated composite heating or cooling degree day comparison.
the definition of "normal" weather was updated during the first quarter of 2019 to reflect more current weather pattern data and to more closely align with the regulators' jurisdictional definitions of "normal" weather. impacts of the change in methodology will be reflected prospectively and disclosed to the extent it results in notable year-over-year variances in net revenues.
weather in the electric operations' territories for 2019 was 20% warmer than normal and 18% cooler than the same period in 2018, decreasing net revenues $15.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to 2018.
weather in the electric operations' territories for 2018 was 46% warmer than normal and 41% warmer than the same period in 2017, increasing net revenues $25.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017.
sales electric operations sales were 15,721.3 gwh for 2019, a decrease of 726.7 gwh, or 4.4% compared to 2018. this decrease was primarily attributable to higher internal generation from large industrial customers in 2019 and the effects of cooler weather on residential and commercial customers.
electric operations sales were 16,448.0 gwh for 2018, a decrease of 277.6 gwh, or 1.7% compared to 2017. this decrease was primarily attributable to higher internal generation from large industrial customers in 2018, partially offset by increased volumes for residential and commercial customers resulting from warmer weather.
bp products north america. on march 29, 2018, wce, which is currently owned by bp p.l.c ("bp") and bp products north america, which operates the bp refinery, filed a petition at the iurc asking that the combined operations of wce and bp be treated as a single premise, and the wce generation be dedicated primarily to bp refinery operations beginning in may 2019 as wce has self-certified as a qualifying facility at ferc. bp refinery planned to continue to purchase electric service from nipsco at a reduced demand level beginning may 2019; however, a settlement agreement was filed on november 2, 2018 agreeing that bp and wce would not move forward with construction of a private transmission line to serve bp until conclusion of nipsco's pending electric rate case. the iurc approved the settlement agreement as filed on february 20, 2019. on december 4, 2019, the iurc issued an order in the electric rate case approving the implementation of a new industrial service structure. this resolved the issues included in bp's original petition. refer to note 8, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
economic conditions nipsco has a state-approved recovery mechanism that provides a means for full recovery of prudently incurred fuel costs. fuel costs are treated as pass-through costs and have no impact on the net revenues recorded in the period. the fuel costs included in revenues are matched with the fuel cost expense recorded in the period and the difference is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as under-recovered or over-recovered fuel cost to be included in future customer billings.
nipsco's performance remains closely linked to the performance of the steel industry. nipsco's mwh sales to steel-related industries accounted for approximately 51.5% and 49.7% of the total industrial mwh sales for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
electric supply nipsco 2018 integrated resource plan. multiple factors, but primarily economic ones, including low natural gas prices, advancing cost effective renewable technology and increasing capital and operating costs associated with existing coal plants, have led nipsco to conclude in its october 2018 integrated resource plan submission that nipsco's current fleet of coal generation facilities will be retired earlier than previous integrated resource plan's had indicated.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
the integrated resource plan evaluated demand-side and supply-side resource alternatives to reliably and cost effectively meet nipsco customers' future energy requirements over the ensuing 20 years. the preferred option within the integrated resource plan retires r.m. schahfer generating station (units 14, 15, 17, and 18) by 2023 and michigan city generating station (unit 12) by 2028. these units represent 2,080 mw of generating capacity, equal to 72% of nipsco's remaining capacity after the retirement of bailly units 7 and 8 in may of 2018.
the current replacement plan includes renewable sources of energy, including wind, solar, and battery storage to be obtained through a combination of nipsco ownership and ppas. refer to note 19-e, "other matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
liquidity and capital resources greater lawrence incident: as discussed in the "executive summary" and in note 19, "other commitments and contingencies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements, we have recorded and paid costs associated with the greater lawrence incident and have invested capital to replace the entire affected 45-mile cast iron and bare steel pipeline system that delivers gas to the impacted area. as discussed in the "executive summary," note 19 referenced earlier in this paragraph, and part i, item 1a "risk factors," we may incur additional expenses and liabilities in excess of our recorded liabilities and estimated additional costs associated with the greater lawrence incident. since the greater lawrence incident and through december 31, 2019, we have collected $800 million from insurance providers; however, total costs related to the incident have exceeded the total amount of insurance coverage available under our policies. to date, this excess has primarily been funded through short-term borrowings. during 2020, we plan to pursue alternatives to these short-term borrowings, which include long-term financing and potential proceeds from the sale of the massachusetts business. for additional information, see note 26, "subsequent event," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
operating activities net cash from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $1,583.3 million, an increase of $1,043.2 million from 2018. this increase was driven primarily by the receipt of $795 million of insurance recoveries in 2019 related to the greater lawrence incident and approximately $220 million lower cash spend for the greater lawrence incident in 2019. refer to note 19, "other commitments and contingencies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the greater lawrence incident.
pension and other postretirement plan funding. in 2019, we contributed $2.9 million to our pension plans and $23.0 million to our other postretirement benefit plans. in 2018, we contributed $2.9 million to our pension plans and $21.0 million to our other postretirement benefit plans. given the current funded status of the pension plans, and barring unforeseen market volatility that may negatively impact the valuation of our plan assets, we do not believe additional material contributions to our pension plans will be required for the foreseeable future.
income taxes. rates for our regulated customers include provisions for the collection of u.s. federal income taxes. the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate as a result of the tcja led to a decrease in the amount billed to customers through rates, ultimately resulting in lower cash collections from operating activities. in addition, we are required to pass back to customers "excess deferred taxes" which represent amounts collected from customers in the past to cover deferred tax liabilities which, as a result of the passage of the tcja, are now less than the originally billed amounts. approximately $1.5 billion of excess deferred taxes was recorded as a regulatory liability as of december 31, 2017 as a result of implementing the tcja. the majority of this balance related to temporary book-to-tax differences on utility property protected by irs normalization rules; this portion of the excess deferred taxes balance will be passed back to customers over the remaining average useful life of the associated property as required by the tcja. the remainder of the excess deferred tax balance is passed back over periods determined by our state utility commissions. the pass back of excess deferred taxes has been approved in all our jurisdictions. as of december 31, 2019, we have approximately $1.3 billion of remaining regulatory liabilities associated with excess deferred taxes.
as of december 31, 2019, we have a deferred tax asset of $657.1 million related to a federal nol carryforward, of which $406.1 million relates to years prior to the implementation of the tcja. as a result of being in an nol position, we were not required to make any cash payments for federal income tax purposes during the three years ended december 31, 2019. the carryforward periods for pre-tcja tax benefits expire in various tax years from 2028 to 2037; however, we expect to fully utilize the carryforward benefit prior to its expiration. according to the tcja, utilization of nol carryforwards generated after december 31, 2017 do not expire but are limited to 80% of current year taxable income. accordingly, we may be required to make cash payments for federal income taxes in future years despite having nol carryforwards in excess of current taxes payable.
40
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
investing activities our cash used for investing activities varies year over year primarily as a result of changes in the level of annual capital expenditures. the table below reflects capital expenditures and certain other investing activities by segment for 2019, 2018 and 2017.
(in millions)                                                2019                2018(3)                  2017
gas distribution operations system growth and tracker                            $1,006.1                $897.5                 $909.2
maintenance                                             374.3                 417.8                  216.4
total gas distribution operations                     1,380.3               1,315.3                1,125.6
electric operations system growth and tracker                               279.5                 346.0                  435.3
maintenance                                             189.4                 153.3                  157.1
total electric operations                               468.9                 499.3                  592.4
corporate and other operations - maintenance(1)          18.6                     -                   35.8
total(2)                                             $1,867.8              $1,814.6               $1,753.8
(1) corporate and other capital expenditures were zero in 2018 as specific it assets were leased in 2018. certain it and other maintenance related assets were purchased in 2017 and 2019.
(2)amounts differ from those presented on the statements of consolidated cash flows primarily due to the capitalized portion of the corporate incentive plan payout, inclusion of capital expenditures included in current liabilities and afudc equity.
(3) the 2018 capital expenditures for gas distribution operations reflects reclassifying the greater lawrence incident pipeline replacement from system growth and tracker to maintenance.
for 2019, capital expenditures and certain other investing activities were $1,867.8 million, which was $53.2 million higher than the 2018 capital program. this increased spending is primarily due to growth, safety and system modernization projects.
for 2018, capital expenditures and certain other investing activities were $1,814.6 million, which was $60.8 million higher than the 2017 capital program. this increased spending is due in part to costs associated with the greater lawrence incident pipeline replacement, gas transmission projects, environmental investments and system modernization projects across all seven states in our operating area.
for 2020, we project to invest approximately $1.8 to $1.9 billion in our capital program. this projected level of spend is consistent with 2019 spend levels and is expected to focus on growth, safety, and modernization projects across our operating area.
financing activities short-term debt. refer to note 15, "short-term borrowings," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on short-term debt.
long-term debt. refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on long-term debt.
net available liquidity. as of december 31, 2019, an aggregate of $1,409.1 million of net liquidity was available, including cash and credit available under the revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization programs.
41
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
the following table displays nisource's liquidity position as of december 31, 2019 and 2018:
year ended december 31, (in millions)                            2019              2018
current liquidity revolving credit facility                                $1,850.0          $1,850.0
accounts receivable program(1)                              353.2             399.2
less:
commercial paper                                            570.0             978.0
accounts receivable program utilized                        353.2             399.2
letters of credit outstanding under credit facility          10.2              10.2
add:
cash and cash equivalents                                   139.3             112.8
net available liquidity                                  $1,409.1            $974.6
(1)represents the lesser of the seasonal limit or maximum borrowings supportable by the underlying receivables.
debt covenants. we are subject to a financial covenant under our revolving credit facility and term loan agreement, which requires us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. a similar covenant in a 2005 private placement note purchase agreement requires us to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 75%. as of december 31, 2019, the ratio was 61.7%.
sale of trade accounts receivables. refer to note 18, "transfers of financial assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on the sale of trade accounts receivable.
credit ratings. the credit rating agencies periodically review our ratings, taking into account factors such as our capital structure and earnings profile. the following table includes our and certain of our subsidiaries' credit ratings and ratings outlook as of december 31, 2019.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization.
s&amp;p             moody's            fitch rating   outlook    rating   outlook   rating      outlook nisource                    bbb+     negative   baa2     stable    bbb         stable nipsco                      bbb+     negative   baa1     stable    bbb         stable columbia of massachusetts   bbb+     negative   baa2     stable    not rated   not rated commercial paper            a-2      negative   p-2      stable    f2          stable certain of our subsidiaries have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral if our credit ratings or the credit ratings of certain of our subsidiaries are below investment grade. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of power. as of december 31, 2019, the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $72.1 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
equity. our authorized capital stock consists of 620,000,000 shares, $0.01 par value, of which 600,000,000 are common stock and 20,000,000 are preferred stock. as of december 31, 2019, 382,135,680 shares of common stock and 440,000 shares of preferred stock were outstanding. for more information regarding our common and preferred stock, see note 12, "equity," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
42
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
contractual obligations. we have certain contractual obligations requiring payments at specified periods. the obligations include long-term debt, lease obligations, energy commodity contracts and obligations for various services including pipeline capacity and outsourcing of it services. the total contractual obligations in existence at december 31, 2019 and their maturities were:
(in millions)                                   total                  2020                  2021                  2022                  2023                2024                 after long-term debt (1)                       $7,738.6                    $-                 $63.6                $530.0                $600.0                  $-              $6,545.0
interest payments on long-term debt       6,214.2                 342.0                 340.7                 337.1                 311.1               299.9               4,583.4
finance leases(2)                           325.9                  27.2                  27.3                  26.8                  23.1                19.9                 201.6
operating leases(3)                          79.1                  15.6                   9.4                   8.2                   7.6                 6.6                  31.7
energy commodity contracts(4)                95.9                  65.5                  30.4                     -                     -                   -                     -
service obligations:
pipeline service obligations              3,450.7                 605.0                 590.1                 546.8                 357.2               237.5               1,114.1
it service obligations                      153.2                  63.6                  49.4                  38.0                   1.1                 1.1                     -
other service obligations(5)                 59.8                  45.8                  14.0                     -                     -                   -                     -
other liabilities                            27.3                  27.3                     -                     -                     -                   -                     -
total contractual obligations           $18,144.7              $1,192.0              $1,124.9              $1,486.9              $1,300.1              $565.0             $12,475.8
(1) long-term debt balance excludes unamortized issuance costs and discounts of $70.5 million.
(2) finance lease payments shown above are inclusive of interest totaling $108.3 million.
(3) operating lease payments shown above are inclusive of interest totaling $14.3 million. operating lease balances do not include obligations for possible fleet vehicle lease renewals beyond the initial lease term. while we have the ability to renew these leases beyond the initial term, we are not reasonably certain (as that term is defined in asc 842) to do so. if we were to continue the fleet vehicle leases outstanding at december 31, 2019, payments would be $34.5 million in 2020, $28.3 million in 2021, $23.4 million in 2022, $19.9 million in 2023, $15.2 million in 2024 and $15.2 million thereafter.
(4)in january 2020, nipsco signed new coal contract commitments of $14.4 million for 2020. these contracts are not included above.
(5)in february 2020, nipsco signed a new railcar coal transportation contract commitment of $12.0 million for 2020. this contract is not included above.
our calculated estimated interest payments for long-term debt is based on the stated coupon and payment dates. for 2020, we project that we will be required to make interest payments of approximately $368.2 million, which includes $342.0 million of interest payments related to our long-term debt outstanding as of december 31, 2019. at december 31, 2019, we had $1,773.2 million in short-term borrowings outstanding.
our expected payments included within "other liabilities" in the table of contractual commitments above contains employer contributions to pension and other postretirement benefits plans expected to be made in 2020. plan contributions beyond 2020 are dependent upon a number of factors, including actual returns on plan assets, which cannot be reliably estimated at this time. in 2020, we expect to make contributions of approximately $3.0 million to our pension plans and approximately $24.0 million to our postretirement medical and life plans. refer to note 11, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
we cannot reasonably estimate the settlement amounts or timing of cash flows related to long-term obligations classified as "total other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets, other than those described above.
we also have obligations associated with income, property, gross receipts, franchise, payroll, sales and use, and various other taxes and expect to make tax payments of approximately $247.1 million in 2020, which are not included in the table above. in addition, we have uncertain income tax positions that are not included in the table above as we are unable to predict when the matters will be resolved. refer to note 10, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
refer to note 19-a, "contractual obligations," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
in january 2019, nipsco executed two 20 year ppas to purchase 100% of the output from renewable generation facilities at a fixed price per mwh. payments under the ppas will not begin until the associated generation facilities are constructed by the owner / seller which is currently scheduled to be complete by the end of 2020 for one facility. payments that will be made under the agreements are not included in the table of contractual commitments above as there are no minimum payment obligations under the agreements. nipsco has filed a notice with the iurc of its intention not to move forward with one of its approved ppas due to the failure to meet a condition precedent in the agreement as a result of local zoning restrictions. see note 19-e, "other matters - nipsco 2018 integrated resource plan," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in january 2019, nipsco executed a bta with a developer to construct a renewable generation facility with a nameplate capacity of approximately 100 mw; construction of the facility is expected to be completed by the end of 2020. in october 2019, nipsco
43
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
executed a bta with a developer to construct an additional renewable generation facility with a nameplate capacity of approximately 300 mw; construction of this facility is expected to be completed by the end of 2021. payments under these agreements are not included in the table of contractual commitments as nipsco's purchase requirement under these btas is dependent on satisfactory approval of the btas by the iurc, successful execution of agreements with a tax equity partner, and timely completion of construction. see note 19-e, "other matters - nipsco 2018 integrated resource plan," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
off-balance sheet arrangements we, along with certain of our subsidiaries, enter into various agreements providing financial or performance assurance to third parties on behalf of certain subsidiaries. such agreements include guarantees and stand-by letters of credit.
refer to note 19, "other commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about such arrangements.
market risk disclosures risk is an inherent part of our businesses. the extent to which we properly and effectively identify, assess, monitor and manage each of the various types of risk involved in our businesses is critical to our profitability. we seek to identify, assess, monitor and manage, in accordance with defined policies and procedures, the following principal market risks that are involved in our businesses: commodity price risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. risk management for us is a multi-faceted process with oversight by the risk management committee that requires constant communication, judgment and knowledge of specialized products and markets. our senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures that require specific administrative and business functions to assist in the identification, assessment and control of various risks. these may include, but are not limited to market, operational, financial, compliance and strategic risk types. in recognition of the increasingly varied and complex nature of the energy business, our risk management process, policies and procedures continue to evolve and are subject to ongoing review and modification.
commodity price risk we are exposed to commodity price risk as a result of our subsidiaries' operations involving natural gas and power. to manage this market risk, our subsidiaries use derivatives, including commodity futures contracts, swaps, forwards and options. we do not participate in speculative energy trading activity.
commodity price risk resulting from derivative activities at our rate-regulated subsidiaries is limited, since regulations allow recovery of prudently incurred purchased power, fuel and gas costs through the rate-making process, including gains or losses on these derivative instruments. if states should explore additional regulatory reform, these subsidiaries may begin providing services without the benefit of the traditional rate-making process and may be more exposed to commodity price risk.
our subsidiaries are required to make cash margin deposits with their brokers to cover actual and potential losses in the value of outstanding exchange traded derivative contracts. the amount of these deposits, some of which is reflected in our restricted cash balance, may fluctuate significantly during periods of high volatility in the energy commodity markets.
refer to note 9, "risk management activities," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our commodity price risk assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2019 and 2018.
interest rate risk we are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of changes in interest rates on borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, commercial paper program, term loan agreement and accounts receivable programs, which have interest rates that are indexed to short-term market interest rates. based upon average borrowings and debt obligations subject to fluctuations in short-term market interest rates, an increase (or decrease) in short-term interest rates of 100 basis points (1%) would have increased (or decreased) interest expense by $19.0 million and $13.3 million for 2019 and 2018, respectively. we are also exposed to interest rate risk as a result of changes in benchmark rates that can influence the interest rates of future debt issuances.
refer to note 9, "risk management activities," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on our interest rate risk assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2019 and 2018.
44
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
credit risk due to the nature of the industry, credit risk is embedded in many of our business activities. our extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy. in addition, risk management committee guidelines are in place which document management approval levels for credit limits, evaluation of creditworthiness, and credit risk mitigation efforts. exposures to credit risks are monitored by the risk management function which is independent of commercial operations. credit risk arises due to the possibility that a customer, supplier or counterparty will not be able or willing to fulfill its obligations on a transaction on or before the settlement date. for derivative-related contracts, credit risk arises when counterparties are obligated to deliver or purchase defined commodity units of gas or power to us at a future date per execution of contractual terms and conditions. exposure to credit risk is measured in terms of both current obligations and the market value of forward positions net of any posted collateral such as cash and letters of credit.
we closely monitor the financial status of our banking credit providers. we evaluate the financial status of our banking partners through the use of market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels, and also through traditional credit ratings provided by major credit rating agencies.
other information critical accounting policies we apply certain accounting policies based on the accounting requirements discussed below that have had, and may continue to have, significant impacts on our operations and consolidated financial statements.
basis of accounting for rate-regulated subsidiaries. asc topic 980, regulated operations, provides that rate-regulated subsidiaries account for and report assets and liabilities consistent with the economic effect of the way in which regulators establish rates, if the rates established are designed to recover the costs of providing the regulated service and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates can be charged and collected. certain expenses and credits subject to utility regulation or rate determination normally reflected in income are deferred on the consolidated balance sheets and are recognized in income as the related amounts are included in service rates and recovered from or refunded to customers. the total amounts of regulatory assets and liabilities reflected on the consolidated balance sheets were $2,239.6 million and $2,512.2 million at december 31, 2019, and $2,237.5 million and $2,660.0 million at december 31, 2018, respectively. for additional information, refer to note 8, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in the event that regulation significantly changes the opportunity for us to recover our costs in the future, all or a portion of our regulated operations may no longer meet the criteria for the application of asc topic 980, regulated operations. in such event, a write-down of all or a portion of our existing regulatory assets and liabilities could result. if transition cost recovery is approved by the appropriate regulatory bodies that would meet the requirements under gaap for continued accounting as regulatory assets and liabilities during such recovery period, the regulatory assets and liabilities would be reported at the recoverable amounts. if we were unable to continue to apply the provisions of asc topic 980, regulated operations, we would be required to apply the provisions of asc topic 980-20, discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting. in management's opinion, our regulated subsidiaries will be subject to asc topic 980, regulated operations for the foreseeable future.
certain of the regulatory assets reflected on our consolidated balance sheets require specific regulatory action in order to be included in future service rates. although recovery of these amounts is not guaranteed, we believe that these costs meet the requirements for deferral as regulatory assets. regulatory assets requiring specific regulatory action amounted to $307.2 million at december 31, 2019. if we determine that the amounts included as regulatory assets were not recoverable, a charge to income would immediately be required to the extent of the unrecoverable amounts.
the passage of the tcja into law in december 2017 necessitated the remeasurement of our deferred income tax balances to reflect the change in the statutory federal tax rate from 35% to 21%. for our regulated entities, substantially all of the impact of this remeasurement was recorded to a regulatory liability and is being passed backed to customers, as established during the rate making process. for additional information, refer to note 8, "regulatory matters," and note 10, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
as discussed in note 19-e, "other matters - greater lawrence pipeline replacement," since the greater lawrence incident and through december 31, 2019, we have invested approximately $258 million of capital spend for the pipeline replacement in the affected communities; this work was completed in 2019. we maintain property insurance for gas pipelines and other applicable property. columbia of massachusetts has filed a proof of loss with its property insurer for the full cost of the pipeline replacement. in january 2020, we filed a lawsuit against the property insurer, seeking payment of our property claim. we are currently unable item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
to predict the timing or amount of any insurance recovery under the property policy. the recovery of any capital investment not reimbursed through insurance will be addressed in a future regulatory proceeding; a future regulatory proceeding is dependent on the outcome of the sale of the massachusetts business. the outcome of such a proceeding (if any) is uncertain. in accordance with asc 980-360, if it becomes probable that a portion of the pipeline replacement cost will not be recoverable through customer rates and an amount can be reasonably estimated, we will reduce our regulated plant balance for the amount of the probable disallowance and record an associated charge to earnings. this could result in a material adverse effect to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additionally, if a rate order is received allowing recovery of the investment with no or reduced return on investment, a loss on disallowance may be required.
pension and postretirement benefits. we have defined benefit plans for both pension and other postretirement benefits. the calculation of the net obligations and annual expense related to the plans requires a significant degree of judgment regarding the discount rates to be used in bringing the liabilities to present value, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, health care trend rates, and mortality rates, among other assumptions. due to the size of the plans and the long-term nature of the associated liabilities, changes in the assumptions used in the actuarial estimates could have material impacts on the measurement of the net obligations and annual expense recognition. differences between actuarial assumptions and actual plan results are deferred into aoci or a regulatory balance sheet account, depending on the jurisdiction of our entity. these deferred gains or losses are then amortized into the income statement when the accumulated differences exceed 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets (known in gaap as the "corridor" method) or when settlement accounting is triggered.
the discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, health care cost trend rates and mortality rates are critical assumptions. methods used to develop these assumptions are described below. while a third party actuarial firm assists with the development of many of these assumptions, we are ultimately responsible for selecting the final assumptions.
the discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs. our discount rates for both pension and other postretirement benefits are determined using spot rates along an aa-rated above median yield curve with cash flows matching the expected duration of benefit payments to be made to plan participants.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is a component utilized in calculating annual pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs. we estimate the expected return on plan assets by evaluating expected bond returns, equity risk premiums, target asset allocations, the effects of active plan management, the impact of periodic plan asset rebalancing and historical performance. we also consider the guidance from our investment advisors in making a final determination of our expected rate of return on assets.
for measurement of 2020 net periodic benefit cost, we selected an expected pre-tax long-term rate of return of 5.70% and 5.67% for our pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets, respectively.
we estimate the assumed health care cost trend rate, which is used in determining our other postretirement benefit net expense, based upon our actual health care cost experience, the effects of recently enacted legislation, third-party actuarial surveys and general economic conditions.
we use the society of actuaries' most recently published mortality data in developing a best estimate of mortality as part of the calculation of the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
the following tables illustrate the effects of changes in these actuarial assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant:
impact on december 31, 2019 projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
change in assumptions (in millions)                                           pension benefits                                           other postretirement benefits
+50 basis points change in discount rate                                      $(89.9                    )                                          $(29.0            )
-50 basis points change in discount rate                                      97.7                                                                   31.8
+50 basis points change in health care trend rates                                                                                                   15.0
-50 basis points change in health care trend rates                                                                                                  (13.1            )
impact on 2019 expense increase/(decrease)(1)
change in assumptions (in millions)                                           pension benefits                                           other postretirement benefits
+50 basis points change in discount rate                                      $(1.8                     )                                            $0.3
-50 basis points change in discount rate                                      1.9                                                                     0.7
+50 basis points change in expected long-term rate of return on plan assets   (8.9                      )                                            (1.2            )
-50 basis points change in expected long-term rate of return on plan assets   8.9                                                                     1.2
+50 basis points change in health care trend rates                                                                                                    0.6
-50 basis points change in health care trend rates                                                                                                   (0.5            )
(1)before labor capitalization and regulatory deferrals.
in january 2017, we changed the method used to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits. this change, compared to the previous method, resulted in a decrease in the actuarially-determined service and interest cost components. historically, we estimated service and interest cost utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. for fiscal 2017 and beyond, we now utilize a full yield curve approach to estimate these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. for further discussion of our pension and other postretirement benefits, see note 11, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and intangible assets. we have seven goodwill reporting units, comprised of the seven state operating companies within the gas distribution operations reportable segment. our goodwill assets at december 31, 2019 were $1,486 million, most of which resulted from the acquisition of columbia on november 1, 2000.
as required by gaap, we test for impairment of goodwill on an annual basis and on an interim basis when events or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. our annual goodwill test takes place in the second quarter of each year and was performed on may 1, 2019. a qualitative ("step 0") test was completed on may 1, 2019 for all reporting units other than our columbia of massachusetts reporting unit. in the step 0 analysis, we assessed various assumptions, events and circumstances that would have affected the estimated fair value of the applicable reporting units as compared to their baseline may 1, 2016 "step 1" fair value measurement. the results of this assessment indicated that it is not more likely than not that these reporting units fair values are less than their reporting unit carrying values; therefore, no "step 1" analysis was required.
the results of our columbia of massachusetts reporting unit were negatively impacted by the greater lawrence incident (see note 19-c, "legal proceedings," in the notes to consolidated financial statements). as a result, we completed a quantitative "step 1" analysis for the may 1, 2019 goodwill analysis for this reporting unit. consistent with our historical impairment testing of goodwill, fair value of this reporting unit was determined based on a weighting of income and market approaches. these approaches require significant judgments including appropriate long-term growth rates and discount rates for the income approach and appropriate multiples of earnings for peer companies and control premiums for the market approach. the discount rates were derived using peer company data compiled with the assistance of a third party valuation services firm. the discount rates used are subject to change based on changes in tax rates at both the state and federal level, debt and equity ratios at each reporting unit and general economic conditions. the long-term growth rate was derived by evaluating historic growth rates, new business and investment opportunities beyond the near term horizon. the long-term growth rate is subject to change depending on inflationary impacts to
47
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
the u.s. economy and the individual business environments in which each reporting unit operates. the step 1 analysis performed indicated that the fair value of the columbia of massachusetts reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. as a result, no impairment charge was recorded as of the may 1, 2019 test date.
although our annual impairment test is performed during the second quarter, we continue to monitor changes in circumstances that may indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units is less than the reporting unit carrying value. during the fourth quarter of 2019, in connection with the preparation of the year-end financial statements, we assessed matters related to columbia of massachusetts. while there was no single determinative event or factor, the consideration in totality of several factors that developed during the fourth quarter of 2019 led us to conclude that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the columbia of massachusetts reporting unit was below its carrying value. these factors included: (i) increased massachusetts dpu regulatory enforcement activity related to columbia of massachusetts during the fourth quarter, including (a) an order imposing work restrictions on columbia of massachusetts, impacting columbia of massachusetts' infrastructure replacement program, (b) two orders opening public investigations into columbia of massachusetts related to the greater lawrence incident and restoration efforts following the incident, and (c) an order defining the scope of the massachusetts dpu's investigation into the preparation and response of columbia of massachusetts related to the incident; (ii) increased uncertainty as to the ability of columbia of massachusetts to execute its growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, and to obtain timely regulatory outcomes with reasonable rates of return; (iii) further damage to columbia of massachusetts' reputation as a result of concerns related to service lines abandoned during the restoration work following the greater lawrence incident and the gas release event in lawrence, massachusetts on september 27, 2019; and (iv) a potential sale of the massachusetts business. see note 19, "other commitments and contingencies - c. legal proceedings," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information regarding massachusetts dpu regulatory enforcement activity and note 26, "subsequent event," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the potential sale of the massachusetts business.
as a result, a new impairment analysis was required for our columbia of massachusetts reporting unit. this analysis used a weighted average of income and market approaches for calculating fair value. the income approach calculated discounted cash flows using updated cash flow projections, discount rates and return on equity assumptions. the market approach applied a combination of comparable company multiples and comparable transactions and used updated cash flow projections. while certain assumptions, such as market multiples, remained unchanged in the year-end test, our cash flow projections, return on equity and rate case timing assumptions were all unfavorably updated at year-end compared to the may 1, 2019 test. the effects of these unfavorable developments were greater than the favorable change in weighted average cost of capital between the two tests. the year-end impairment analysis indicated that the fair value of the columbia of massachusetts reporting unit was below its carrying value. as a result, we reduced the columbia of massachusetts reporting unit goodwill balance to zero and recognized a goodwill impairment charge totaling $204.8 million, which is non-deductible for tax purposes.
our intangible assets, apart from goodwill, consist of franchise rights. franchise rights were identified as part of the purchase price allocations associated with the acquisition in february 1999 of columbia of massachusetts. we review our definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate its fair value might be below its carrying amount.
during the fourth quarter of 2019, in connection with the preparation of the year-end financial statements, we assessed the changes in circumstances that occurred during the quarter to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the franchise rights was below its carrying amount. these factors were the same fourth quarter circumstances outlined in the goodwill impairment discussion above. as a result, we performed a year-end impairment test in which we compared the book value of columbia of massachusetts to its undiscounted future cash flow and estimated fair value. with this analysis, we determined that the fair value of the franchise rights was zero. therefore, we wrote off the entire franchise rights book value, which resulted in an impairment charge totaling $209.7 million. see note 6, "goodwill and other intangible assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
revenue recognition. revenue is recorded as products and services are delivered. utility revenues are billed to customers monthly on a cycle basis. revenues are recorded on the accrual basis and include estimates for electricity and gas delivered but not billed.
we adopted the provisions of asc 606 beginning on january 1, 2018 using a modified retrospective method, which was applied to all contracts. no material adjustments were made to january 1, 2018 opening balances and no material changes in the amount or timing of future revenue recognition occurred as a result of the adoption of asc 606. refer to note 3 "revenue recognition," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
