item 1a. risk factors our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. we encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating the information contained in this report as the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

northrop grumman corporation
▪   we depend heavily on a single customer, the u.s. government, for a substantial portion of our business. changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our primary customer is the u.s. government, from which we derived 83 percent of our sales in 2019; we have a number of large programs with the u.s. air force, in particular. the u.s. government has been implementing significant changes and spending levels have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate over time. we cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on, replacement or future programs from potential changes in priorities due to changes in defense spending levels, the threat environment, procurement strategy, military strategy and planning and/or changes in social, economic or political priorities. the u.s. government also has the ability to delay, modify or cancel ongoing competitions, procurements and programs, as well as to change its acquisition strategy.
the u.s. government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, for its convenience or for default based on performance. in the event of termination for the u.s. government's convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contracts and profit on those costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not the anticipated profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. termination by the u.s. government of a contract due to default could require us to pay for re-procurement costs in excess of the original contract price, net of the value of work accepted from the original contract, as well as other damages. termination of a contract due to our default could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
the u.s. government also has the ability to stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. it is possible that the u.s. government could invoke this ability across a limited or broad number of contracts. in the event of a stop work order, contractors are typically protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract to date and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work on the contract plus a reasonable fee. however, such temporary stoppages and delays could introduce inefficiencies and result in financial and other damages for which we may not be able to negotiate full recovery from the u.s. government. they could also ultimately result in termination of a contract (or contracts) for convenience or reduced future orders.
a significant shift in government priorities, programs or acquisition strategies could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and u.s. government funding more broadly may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
u.s. government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. for many programs, congress appropriates funds on an annual fiscal year basis even though the program performance period may extend over several years. consequently, programs are often partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as congress makes further appropriations. if we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of those costs unless and until additional funds are obligated to the contract. we cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual appropriations ultimately approved by congress and the president or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. laws and plans adopted by the u.s. government relating to, along with pressures on and uncertainty surrounding the federal budget, potential changes in priorities and defense spending levels, sequestration, the appropriations process, use of continuing resolutions (with restrictions, e.g., on new starts) and the permissible federal debt limit, could adversely affect the funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers. in the event government funding for our significant programs becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, or planned orders are reduced, our contract or subcontract under such programs may be terminated or adjusted by the u.s. government or the prime contractor.
the u.s. continues to face an uncertain political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets. the budget control act of 2011 (bca) mandated spending caps for all federal discretionary spending across a ten-year period (fy 2012 through fy 2021), including specific limits for defense and non-defense spending. in prior years, these spending caps have been revised by separate bills for specific fiscal years.

northrop grumman corporation in 2019, the president proposed an fy 2020 budget requesting $750 billion for national security. the president's budget request addresses various capabilities highlighted in the u.s. national security strategy, the national defense strategy and the missile defense review. on august 2, 2019, the bipartisan budget act of 2019 was enacted, increasing spending caps under the budget control act (bca) for fy 2020 and fy 2021, the final two fiscal years covered by the bca, and suspending the debt ceiling through july 31, 2021. on december 20, 2019, fy 2020 appropriations for all federal agencies were enacted, representing a 3 percent increase from fy 2019.
the budget environment and uncertainty surrounding the appropriations processes and the debt ceiling, remain significant short and long-term risks. considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the administration and congress, and what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry. if annual appropriations bills are not timely enacted, the u.s. government may continue to operate under a continuing resolution, restricting new contract or program starts, presenting resource allocation challenges and placing limitations on some planned program budgets, and we may face another government shutdown of unknown duration. if a prolonged government shutdown of the dod were to occur, it could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders and could limit the u.s. government's ability effectively to progress programs and to make timely payments, and our ability to perform on our u.s. government contracts and successfully compete for new work.
we believe continued budget pressures would have serious negative consequences for the security of our country, the defense industrial base, including northrop grumman, and the customers, employees, suppliers, investors and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. it is likely budget and program decisions made in this environment would have long-term implications for our company and the entire defense industry.
funding for certain programs in which we participate may be reduced, delayed or cancelled. in addition, budget cuts globally could adversely affect the viability of our subcontractors and suppliers, and our employee base. while we believe that our business is well-positioned in areas that the dod and other customers have indicated are areas of focus for future defense spending, other defense spending cuts, challenges in the appropriations process, the debt ceiling and the ongoing fiscal debates remain uncertain.
significant delays or reductions in appropriations; long-term funding under a continuing resolution; an extended debt ceiling breach or government shutdown; and/or future budget and program decisions, among other items, may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   we are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, arbitration and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us.
the size, nature and complexity of our business make us susceptible to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, prosecutions, litigation and other legal proceedings, particularly those involving governments (including federal, state and outside the u.s.). we are and may become subject to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and administrative, civil or criminal litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings globally and across a broad array of matters, including, but not limited to, government contracts, commercial transactions, false claims, false statements, antitrust, mischarging, contract performance, fraud, procurement integrity, products liability, warranty liability, the use of hazardous materials, personal injury claims, environmental, shareholder derivative actions, prior acquisitions and divestitures, intellectual property, tax, employees, export/import, anti-corruption, labor, health and safety, accidents, launch failures and employee benefits and plans, including plan administration, and improper payments, as well as matters relating to the former orbital atk, inc., and our acquisition of that company, including the ftc decision and order related to it. these matters could divert financial and management resources; result in administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (which terms include judgments or convictions and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements), compensatory, treble or other damages, non-monetary relief or actions, or other liabilities; and otherwise harm our business and our ability to obtain and retain awards. government regulations provide that certain allegations against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of export privileges for the company or one or more of its components. suspension or debarment or criminal resolutions in particular could have a material adverse effect on the company because of our reliance on government contracts and export authorizations. an investigation, claim, dispute, enforcement action or litigation, even if not substantiated or fully indemnified or insured, could also negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it substantially more difficult for us to compete effectively for business, obtain and retain awards or obtain adequate insurance in the future. investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation or other legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

northrop grumman corporation
▪   we use estimates when accounting for contracts. contract cost growth or changes in estimated contract revenues and costs could affect our profitability and our overall financial position.
contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and making assumptions regarding performance. due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total revenues and costs at completion is complex and subject to many variables. incentives, awards and/or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating revenue and profit rates when there is sufficient information to assess anticipated performance. suppliers' expected performance is also assessed and considered in estimating costs and profitability.
our operating income can be adversely affected when estimated contract costs increase. reasons for increased estimated contract costs may include: design issues; changes in estimates of the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, including technical or quality issues or requests to perform additional work at the direction of the customer; production challenges, including those resulting from the availability and timeliness of customer funding, unavailability or reduced productivity of qualified and timely cleared labor or the effect of any delays in performance; the availability, performance, quality or financial strength of significant subcontractors; supplier issues, including the costs, timeliness and availability of materials and components; the effect of any changes in laws or regulations; actions deemed necessary for long-term customer satisfaction; and natural disasters or environmental matters. we may file requests for equitable adjustment or claims to seek recovery in whole or in part for our increased costs and aim to protect against these risks through contract terms and conditions when practical.
our risk varies with the type of contract. due to their nature, fixed-price contracts inherently tend to have more financial risk than cost-type contracts. in 2019, approximately half of our sales were derived from fixed-price contracts. we typically enter into fixed-price contracts where costs can be more reasonably estimated based on actual experience, such as for production programs. in addition, our contracts contain provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights. if the terms specified in our contracts are not met, our profitability may be reduced and we may incur a loss.
our fixed-price contracts may include fixed-price development work. this type of work is inherently more uncertain as to future events than production contracts, and, as a result, there is typically more variability in estimates of the costs to complete the development stage. as work progresses through the development stage into production, the risks associated with estimating the total costs of the contract are typically reduced. while management uses its best judgment to estimate costs associated with fixed-price development contracts, future events could result in adjustments to those estimates.
under cost-type contracts, allowable costs incurred by the contractor are generally subject to reimbursement plus a fee. we often enter into cost-type contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges. these cost-type programs typically have award or incentive fees that are subject to uncertainty and may be earned over extended periods or towards the end of the contract. in these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in recognizing profit, which ultimately may not be earned, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. we also may face additional financial risk due to an increasing number of contract solicitations requiring the contractor to bid on cost-type development work and related fixed-price production lots and/or options in one submission, or cost-type development work requiring the contractor to provide certain items to the customer at the contractor's expense or at little or no fee.
because of the significance of management's judgments and the estimation processes described above, it is possible that materially different amounts could be obtained if different assumptions were used or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates, and the failure to prevail on claims for equitable adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of one or more of the affected contracts and on our overall financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. see "critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments" in md&a.
▪   our international business exposes us to additional risks, including risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations.
sales to customers outside the u.s. are an increasingly important component of our strategy. our international business (including our participation in joint ventures and other joint business arrangements, and our global supply chain) is subject to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements, cross-cultural considerations and other risks associated with doing business globally. these risks differ in some respects from those associated with our u.s. business and our exposure to such risks may increase if our international business continues to grow as we anticipate.

northrop grumman corporation our international business is subject to both u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to export/import controls, sanctions, technology transfer restrictions, government contracts and procurement, data privacy and protection, investment, exchange rates and controls, the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) and other anti-corruption laws, the anti-boycott provisions of the u.s. export administration act, labor and employment, works councils and other labor groups, anti-human trafficking, taxes, environment, immunity, security restrictions and intellectual property. failure by us, our employees, affiliates, partners or others with whom we work to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, commercial or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export/import privileges. our customers outside of the u.s. generally have the ability to terminate contracts for default based on performance. suspension or debarment, or termination of a contract due to default, in particular, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. new regulations and requirements, or changes to existing ones in the various countries in which we operate can significantly increase our costs and risks of doing business internationally.
changes in laws, regulations, political leadership and environment, and/or security risks may dramatically affect our ability to conduct or continue to conduct business in international markets, including sales to customers outside the u.s. and purchases from suppliers outside the u.s. our international business may be impacted by changes in u.s. and foreign national policies and priorities, and geopolitical relationships, any of which may be influenced by changes in the threat environment, political leadership, geopolitical uncertainties, world events, bilateral and multi-lateral relationships, government budgets, and economic and political factors more generally, and any of which could impact funding for programs, our ability to perform and/or export authorizations, or delay purchasing decisions or customer payments. we also could be affected by the legal, regulatory and economic impacts of britain's anticipated exit from the european union, the full impact of which is not known at this time. global economic conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could further impact our business. for example, the tightening of credit in financial markets outside of the u.s. could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services or impact the ability of our customers to make payments.
our contracts with non-u.s. customers may also include terms and reflect legal requirements that create additional risks. they may include industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific in-country purchases, investments, manufacturing agreements or other operational or financial obligations, including offset obligations, and provide for significant penalties if we fail to meet such requirements. they may also require us to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and/or other financial arrangements to secure our performance obligations. we also increasingly are dependent on in-country suppliers and we face risks related to their failure to perform in accordance with the contracts and applicable laws, particularly where we rely on a sole source supplier. our ability to sell products outside the u.s. could be adversely affected if we are unable to design our products for export on a cost effective basis or to obtain and retain all necessary export licenses and authorizations on a timely basis. we face risks related to our products that are approved for export, but may be subject to the u.s. government changing or canceling the export license after the product is ordered. our ability to conduct business outside of the u.s. also depends on our ability to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel with the skills and/or security clearances in the markets in which we do business.
more broadly, our ability effectively to pursue and execute contracts outside the u.s. also may be impacted by our ability to partner successfully with non-u.s. companies, including through joint ventures, teaming agreements, co-production or other arrangements, in support of such pursuits. this risk includes the ability to timely identify and negotiate appropriate arrangements with local partners as well as potential exposure for their actions. this risk may increase, depending on local requirements regarding who we partner with and under what circumstances, particularly where we are effectively required to partner with government-affiliated entities.
the products and services we provide internationally, including those provided by subcontractors and joint ventures in which we have an interest, are sometimes in countries with unstable governments, economic or fiscal challenges, military or political conflicts and/or developing legal systems. this may increase the risk to our employees, subcontractors or other third parties, and/or increase the risk of a wide range of liabilities, as well as loss of property or damage to our products.
the occurrence and impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

northrop grumman corporation
▪   our reputation, our ability to do business and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate.
we have implemented policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls, and have negotiated terms designed to prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others working on our behalf or with us that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information security and data privacy, or the terms of our contracts. however, we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or others working on our behalf or with us. we have in the past experienced and may in the future experience such misconduct, despite a vigorous compliance program. this risk of improper conduct may increase as we continue to expand globally and do business with new partners. in the ordinary course of our business we form and are members of joint ventures (with that term used throughout to refer to joint efforts or business arrangements of any type). we may be unable to prevent misconduct or violations of applicable laws by these joint ventures (including their officers, directors and employees) or our partners. improper actions by those with whom or through whom we do business (including our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners and joint ventures) could subject us to administrative, civil or criminal investigations and enforcement actions; monetary and non-monetary penalties; liabilities; and the loss of privileges and other sanctions, including suspension and debarment, which could negatively impact our reputation and ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions.
as a defense contractor, we face various cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to and to harm sensitive information and networks; insider threats; threats to the safety of our directors, officers and employees; threats to the security and viability of our facilities, infrastructure and supply chain; and threats from terrorist acts or other acts of aggression. our customers and partners (including our supply chain and joint ventures) face similar threats and growing requirements. although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate the risk of these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient. these threats could lead to losses or misuse of sensitive information or capabilities; theft of data; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; and financial liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation as a government contractor and provider of cyber-related or cyber-protected goods and services.
cyber threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to: malicious software, destructive malware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, disruption or denial of service attacks, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems; unauthorized release of confidential, personal or otherwise protected information (ours or that of our employees, customers or partners); corruption of data, networks or systems; harm to individuals; and loss of assets. in addition, we could be impacted by cyber threats or other disruptions or vulnerabilities found in products we use or in our partners' or customers' systems that are used in connection with our business. these events, if not prevented or effectively mitigated, could damage our reputation, require remedial actions and lead to loss of business, regulatory actions, potential liability and other financial losses.
we provide systems, products and services to various customers (government and commercial) who also face cyber threats. our systems, products and services may themselves be subject to cyber threats and/or they may not be able to detect or deter threats, or effectively to mitigate resulting losses. these losses could adversely affect our customers and our company.
the impact of these various factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could result in the loss of information or capabilities, harm to individuals or property, damage to our reputation, loss of business, contractual or regulatory actions and potential liabilities, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our earnings and profitability depend, in part, on subcontractor and supplier performance and financial viability as well as raw material and component availability and pricing.
we rely on other companies to provide raw materials, chemicals and components and subsystems for our products and to produce hardware elements and sub-assemblies, provide software and intellectual property, provide information about the parts they supply to us, and perform some of the services we provide to our customers, and to do so in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and contract terms. disruptions or performance problems caused by our subcontractors and suppliers, or a misalignment between our contractual obligations to our customers

northrop grumman corporation and our agreement with our subcontractors and suppliers, could have various impacts on the company, including on our ability to meet our commitments to customers.
our ability to perform our obligations on time could be adversely affected if one or more of our subcontractors or suppliers were unable to provide the agreed-upon products, materials or information, or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely, compliant and cost-effective manner or otherwise to meet the requirements of the contract. changes in political or economic conditions, including changes in defense budgets or credit availability or sanctions, or other changes impacting a subcontractor or supplier (including changes in ownership or operations), as well as their ability to retain talent and other resources, and requirements or changes in requirements imposed on them by other customers, could adversely affect the financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers and/or their ability to perform. the inability of our suppliers to perform, or their inability to perform adequately, could also result in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay or the need for us to provide other resources to support our existing suppliers. this risk may increase as the demands grow for our subcontractors and suppliers to meet extensive government-related cyber and other requirements.
in connection with our u.s. government contracts, we are required to procure certain materials, components and parts from supply sources approved by the customer. we also are facing increased and changing regulatory requirements, both domestically and internationally, many of which apply to our subcontractors and suppliers. in some cases, there may be only one supplier, or one domestic supplier, for certain components. for example, a single domestic source currently supplies us, as well as the u.s. domestic solid propellant industry, with a principal raw material used in the production of solid rocket motors. if a supplier cannot appropriately meet our needs, experiences disruptions to production or is otherwise unavailable or not fully available, we may be unable to find a suitable alternative.
our procurement practices are intended to reduce the likelihood of our procurement of counterfeit, unauthorized or otherwise non-compliant parts or materials. we rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms, including regarding the parts or materials we procure from them; in some circumstances, we rely on certifications provided by our subcontractors and suppliers regarding their compliance. we also rely on our subcontractors and suppliers effectively to mitigate the risk of cyber and security threats or other disruptions with respect to the products, components and services they deliver to us and the information entrusted to them by us or our customers and to comply with applicable contractual terms and laws and regulations, including cybersecurity requirements.
if our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform or we are unable to procure, or experience significant delays in deliveries of, needed products, materials or services; or if they do not comply with all applicable laws, regulations, requirements and contract terms, including if what we receive is counterfeit or otherwise improper, our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
▪   as a u.s. government contractor, we and our partners are subject to various procurement and other laws, regulations and contract terms applicable to our industry and we could be adversely affected by changes in such laws, regulations and terms, or any negative findings by the u.s. government as to our compliance with them. we also may be adversely affected by changes in our customers' business practices globally.
u.s. government contractors (including their subcontractors and others with whom they do business) must comply with many significant procurement regulations and other specific legal requirements. these regulations and other requirements, although often customary in government contracting, increase our performance and compliance costs and risks and are regularly evolving. new laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones (including, for example, regulations related to cybersecurity, privacy, information protection, recovery of employee compensation costs, counterfeit parts, anti-human trafficking, specialty metals and conflict minerals) can significantly increase our costs and risks and reduce our profitability.
we operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the u.s. government and its agencies, such as the defense contract audit agency (dcaa), defense contract management agency (dcma) and the dod inspector general. these agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and our compliance with applicable laws, regulations, terms and standards, as well as the adequacy of our systems and processes in meeting government requirements. costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. if an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions, forfeiture of profits or suspension or debarment. whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the u.s. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate, with significant financial impact. in

northrop grumman corporation addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us or our business partners.
our industry has experienced, and we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices globally, largely as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs and a reprioritization of available defense funds to key areas for future defense spending. we have experienced and may continue to experience an increased number of audits and challenges to government accounting matters and business systems for current and past years, as well as a lengthened period of time required to close open audits and the risk of withholding of payments. for example, the thresholds for certain allowable costs in the u.s., including compensation costs, have been significantly reduced; the allowability of other types of costs, including environmental, are being challenged, debated and, in certain cases, modified, all with potentially significant financial costs to the company. the u.s. government is also pursuing alternatives to shift additional responsibility and performance risks to the contractor. the u.s. government has been pursuing and may continue to pursue policies that could negatively impact our profitability. changes in procurement practices favoring incentive-based fee arrangements; different award criteria; non-traditional contract provisions; and government contract negotiation offers that indicate what our costs should be, among others, also may affect our profitability and predictability.
we (again, including our subcontractors and others with whom we do business) also are subject to, and expected to perform in compliance with, a vast array of federal and state laws, regulations, contract terms and requirements related to our industry, our products and the businesses we operate. these laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the truth in negotiations act, false claims act, procurement integrity act, federal communications commission act, cas, far, international traffic in arms regulations promulgated under the arms export control act, export administration regulations promulgated under the export control reform act, close the contractor fraud loophole act and fcpa, as well as rules and regulations administered by the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. if we are found to have violated any such requirements, or are found not to have acted responsibly, we may be subject to reductions of the value of contracts; contract modifications or termination; the withholding of payments from our customer; the loss of export/import privileges; administrative or civil judgments and liabilities; criminal judgments or convictions, liabilities and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements; other sanctions; the assessment of penalties, fines, or compensatory, treble or other damages or non-monetary relief or actions; or suspension or debarment.
if we or those with whom we do business do not comply with the laws, regulations, contract terms and processes to which we are subject or if customer business practices or requirements change significantly, including with respect to the thresholds for allowable costs, it could affect our ability to compete and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   competition within our markets and bid protests may affect our ability to win new contracts and result in reduced revenues and market share.
we operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may have more financial capacity, more extensive or specialized engineering, manufacturing, or marketing capabilities in some areas, or be willing to accept more risk or lower profitability in competing for contracts. we have seen, and anticipate we will continue to see, increased competition in some of our core markets, especially as a result of budget pressures for many customers, a continued focus on affordability and competition, and our own success in winning business. we are facing increasing competition in the u.s. and outside the u.s. from u.s., foreign and multinational firms. in some instances outside the u.s., foreign companies may receive loans, marketing subsidies and other assistance from their governments that may not be available to u.s. companies and foreign companies may be subject to fewer restrictions on technology transfer. additionally, some customers, including the dod, may turn to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for some products and services, or may utilize small business contractors or determine to source work internally rather than hiring a contractor.
we are also seeing a significant number of bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. bid protests could result in contract modifications or the award decision being reversed and loss of the contract award. even where a bid protest does not result in the loss of an award, the resolution can extend the time until the contract activity can begin, and delay earnings.
if we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, or prevail in protests, or to prevail against other attempts to interfere with our ability to obtain and retain awards, we may experience declines in future revenues and market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

northrop grumman corporation
▪   our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce.
our operating results and growth opportunities are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with security clearances and requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering and math. additionally, as we grow our international business, it is increasingly important that we are able to attract and retain personnel with relevant local qualifications and experience. in addition, in a tightened labor market, we are facing increased competition for talent, both with traditional defense companies and commercial companies. if qualified personnel are scarce or difficult to attract or retain or if we experience a high level of attrition, generally or in particular areas, or if such personnel are unable to obtain security clearances on a timely basis, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain necessary employees.
certain of our employees are covered by collective agreements. we generally have been able to renegotiate renewals to expiring agreements without significant disruption of operating activities. if we experience difficulties with renewals and renegotiations of existing collective agreements or if our employees pursue new collective representation, we could incur additional expenses and may be subject to work stoppages, slow-downs or other labor-related disruptions. any such expenses or delays could adversely affect our programs served by employees who are covered by such agreements or representation.
if we are unable to attract and retain a qualified workforce, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position and our future success could be materially adversely affected.
▪   many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control. failure to meet our contractual obligations could adversely affect our profitability, reputation and future prospects.
we design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and services, which are applied by our customers in a variety of environments, including some under highly demanding operating conditions, to accomplish challenging missions. problems and delays in development or delivery, or system failures, as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, intellectual property rights, labor, inability to achieve learning curve assumptions, inability to manage effectively a broad array of programs, manufacturing materials or components, or subcontractor performance could prevent us from meeting requirements and create significant risk and liabilities. similarly, failures to perform on schedule or otherwise to fulfill our contractual obligations could negatively impact our financial position, reputation and ability to win future business.
in addition, our products cannot be tested and proven in all situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems. examples of unforeseen problems that could negatively affect revenue, schedule and profitability include loss on launch or flight of spacecraft, loss of aviation platforms, premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, unintended explosions or similar events, problems with design, quality and workmanship, country of origin of procured materials, inadequate delivery of subcontractor components or services and degradation of product performance. these failures could result, either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or property. among the factors that may affect revenue and profitability could be inaccurate cost estimates, design issues, human factors, unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management focus in responding to unforeseen problems, loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, repayment to the government customer of contract cost and fee payments we previously received, or replacement obligations.
certain contracts, primarily involving space satellite systems, contain provisions that also entitle the customer to recover fees in the event of failure of the system upon launch or subsequent deployment for less than a specified period of time. under such terms, we could be required to forfeit fees previously recognized and/or collected.
if we are unable to meet our obligations, including due to issues regarding the design, development or manufacture of our products or services, or we experience launch, platform or satellite system failures, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   environmental matters, including unforeseen costs associated with compliance and remediation efforts, and government and third party claims, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including as they may be changed or enforced differently over time. compliance with these

northrop grumman corporation environmental laws and regulations requires, and is expected to continue to require, significant operating and capital costs. we may be subject to substantial administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (including suspension and debarment) for violations. if we are found to be in violation of the federal clean air act or the clean water act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be placed by the environmental protection agency on a list maintained by the general services administration of facilities that generally cannot be used in performing on u.s. government contracts until the violation is corrected.
we incur, and expect to continue to incur, substantial remediation costs related to the cleanup of pollutants previously released into the environment. stricter or different enforcement of existing laws and regulations; new laws, regulations or cleanup requirements; discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination or new contaminants; imposition of fines, penalties, compensatory or other damages (including natural resource damages); a determination that certain environmental costs are unallowable; rulings on allocation or insurance coverage; and/or the insolvency or other inability or unwillingness of other parties to pay their share of such costs could require us to incur material additional costs in excess of those anticipated.
we also are and may become a party to various legal proceedings and disputes involving government and private parties (including individual and class actions) relating to alleged impacts from pollutants released into the environment. these matters could result in compensatory or other damages, fines, penalties, and non-monetary relief, and adverse determinations on allowability or insurance coverage.
we are engaged in remediation activities relating to environmental conditions allegedly resulting from historic operations at the former united states navy and grumman facilities in bethpage, new york. we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, substantial remediation and other costs and liabilities related to environmental conditions in bethpage. the remediation standards or requirements to which we are subject are being reconsidered and may change and costs may increase materially. the state of new york has notified us that it intends to seek to impose additional remedial requirements and, among other things, is evaluating natural resource damages. in addition, we are a party to various, and expect to become a party to additional, legal proceedings and disputes related to remediation, costs, allowability and/or alleged environmental impacts in bethpage, including with federal and state entities, the united states navy, local municipalities and water districts, and insurance carriers, as well as class action and individual plaintiffs alleging personal injury and property damage and seeking both monetary and non-monetary relief. these bethpage matters could result in additional costs, fines, penalties, sanctions, compensatory or other damages (including natural resource damages), determinations on allocation, allowability and coverage, and non-monetary relief.
in addition, government and private parties could seek to hold us responsible for liabilities or obligations related to former operations that have been divested or spun-off (including our former shipbuilding business) and/or for which other parties have agreed to be responsible and/or to indemnify us, directly or indirectly. the indemnity related rights we have may not be sufficient to protect us against such liabilities.
the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could harm our reputation and business and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters that could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position.
we have significant operations, including centers of excellence, located in regions that may be exposed to hurricanes, earthquakes, other damaging storms, water levels, forest fires and other natural disasters. our subcontractors and suppliers are also subject to natural disasters that could affect their ability to deliver or perform under a contract, including as a result of disruptions to their workforce and critical industrial infrastructure needed for normal business operations. although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, the damage and disruption resulting from natural disasters and delays in recovery may be significant.
if insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms are unavailable or insufficient to recover all costs or if we experience a significant disruption to our business due to a natural disaster, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of or be unable to pay for material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and overall financial position.
we endeavor to obtain insurance agreements from financially solid, responsible, highly rated counterparties in established markets to cover significant risks and liabilities (including, for example, natural disasters, space launches, hazardous operations and products liability). not every risk or liability can be insured, and for risks that

northrop grumman corporation are insurable, the policy limits and terms of coverage reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred. even if insurance coverage is available, we may not be able to obtain it at a price or on terms acceptable to us. disputes with insurance carriers, including over policy terms, reservation of rights, the applicability of coverage (including exclusions), compliance with provisions (including notice) and/or the insolvency of one or more of our insurers may significantly affect the availability or timing of recovery, and may impact our ability to obtain insurance coverage at reasonable rates in the future.
in some circumstances we may be entitled to certain legal protections or indemnifications from our customers through contractual provisions, laws, regulations or otherwise. however, these protections are not always available, can be difficult to obtain, are typically subject to certain terms or limitations, including the availability of funds, and may not be sufficient to cover all losses or liabilities incurred.
if insurance coverage, customer indemnifications and/or other legal protections are not available or are not sufficient to cover our risks or losses, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   we provide products and services related to hazardous and high risk operations, which subjects us to various environmental, regulatory, financial, reputational and other risks.
we provide products and services related to hazardous and high risk operations. among other such operations, our products and services are used in nuclear-related activities (including nuclear-powered platforms) and used in support of nuclear-related operations of third parties. in addition, certain of our products are provided with space launch services. with our acquisition of legacy orbital atk in 2018, we have expanded our portfolio to include energetic materials, including products that involve highly explosive or flammable elements. all of these activities subject us to various extraordinary risks, including potential liabilities relating to nuclear or launch-related incidents or unintended initiation of energetic materials, including risk of personal injury and property damage; to the harmful effects on the environment and human health that may result from nuclear-related activities, operations or incidents, as well as the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials; and to failed launches of spacecraft. we may be subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear, launch or explosive incident, among others, whether or not the cause was within our control. under some circumstances, the u.s. government and prime contractors may provide for certain indemnification and other protection under certain of our government related contracts, including pursuant to, or in connection with, public law 85-804, the price-anderson nuclear industries indemnity act and the terrorism risk insurance reauthorization act, for certain risks, but those protections may not be available and they are limited in scope.
certain of our products, such as small, medium and large caliber ammunition and solid rocket motors and liquid propulsion engines, involve the use, manufacture and/or handling of a variety of explosive and flammable materials. from time to time, these activities have resulted in incidents, such as an explosion at the lake city army ammunition plant in 2017, that have caused workplace injuries and fatalities, the temporary shut down or other disruption of manufacturing processes, production delays, environmental harm and expense, fines and liability to third parties. we have safety and loss prevention programs which provide for pre-construction reviews of process changes and new operations, along with safety audits of operations involving explosive materials, to attempt to mitigate such incidents, as well as insurance coverage. we and our customers may experience similar or more serious incidents in the future which could result in various liabilities and production delays.
in addition, our customers may otherwise use our products and services in connection with hazardous activities, or in ways that can be unusually hazardous or risky, creating potential liabilities to our customers and/or our company as the provider of such products and services. in the event of an incident, if our customers fail to use our products properly or if our products or services do not operate as intended, we could be subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities.
if there was a nuclear incident or other nuclear-related damages, an incident related to launch activities, an incident related to the use of energetics or an incident or other damages related to or caused by the use of our products and services in connection with hazardous activities or risks, and if insurance coverage or indemnification or other protection was not fully available to cover our losses and liabilities, it could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

northrop grumman corporation
▪   pension and other postretirement benefit (opb) obligations and related expenses recorded in our financial statements may fluctuate significantly depending upon investment performance of plan assets, changes in actuarial assumptions, and legislative or other regulatory actions.
a substantial portion of our current and retired employee population is covered by pension and opb plans. defined benefit pension and opb obligations and related expenses as recorded in our financial statements are dependent upon the investment performance of plan assets and various assumptions, including discount rates applied to future payment obligations, mortality assumptions, estimated long-term rates of return on plan assets, rates of future cost growth and trends for future costs. in addition, funding requirements for benefit obligations of our pension plans, including pension benefit guaranty corporation premiums for certain of our defined benefit plans, are subject to legislative and other government regulatory actions.
in accordance with government regulations, pension plan cost recoveries under our u.s. government contracts may occur in different periods from when those pension costs are recognized for financial statement purposes or when pension funding is made. these timing differences could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows. the cost accounting rules have been revised in order to partially harmonize the measurement and period of assignment of defined benefit pension plan costs allocable to u.s. government contracts and minimum required contributions under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa), as amended by the pension protection act (ppa) of 2006. these rules better align, but do not eliminate, mismatches between erisa funding requirements and cas pension costs for u.s. government cas covered contracts.
investment performance of plan assets, changes in assumptions associated with our pension and opb plans, and government challenges could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   we may be unable fully to exploit or adequately to protect intellectual property rights, which could materially affect our ability to compete, our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
to perform on our contracts and to win new business, we depend on our ability to develop, protect and exploit our intellectual property and also to access the intellectual property of others under reasonable terms. we may not be able adequately to exploit, protect or access intellectual property and the conduct of our customers, competitors and suppliers may make it more difficult for us to do so.
we own many forms of intellectual property, including u.s. and foreign patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets and we license or otherwise obtain access to various intellectual property rights of third parties. the u.s. government and certain foreign governments hold licenses or other rights to certain intellectual property that we develop in performance of government contracts, and may seek to use or authorize others to use such intellectual property, including in competition with us and including where we do not believe they have, or should have, the right to do so. governments continue to increase efforts to assert or obtain more extensive rights in intellectual property, which could reduce our ability to develop, protect and exploit certain of our intellectual property rights and to compete. governments also decline at times to make intellectual property of others available to us under acceptable terms.
we also rely significantly upon proprietary technology, information, processes and know-how. we typically seek to protect this information, including by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties such as consultants, teammates and subcontractors. these agreements and other measures may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets and other proprietary information. in the event of an infringement of such intellectual property rights, a breach of a confidentiality agreement, a misuse or theft of our intellectual property or divulgence of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal remedies. in addition, our trade secrets or other proprietary information may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors.
in some instances, our ability to seek, win or perform contracts may require us to access and use third party intellectual property. this may require that the government or our customer is willing and able to provide rights to such third party intellectual property, or that we are able to negotiate directly to obtain necessary rights on reasonable terms.
our intellectual property is subject to challenge, invalidation, misappropriation or circumvention by third parties. our access to and use of intellectual property licensed or otherwise obtained from third parties is also subject to challenges. litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management's attention away from other aspects of our business. moreover, the laws concerning intellectual property rights vary among countries and the protection provided to our intellectual property by foreign laws and courts may not be the same as the remedies available under u.s. law.

northrop grumman corporation if we are unable adequately to exploit our intellectual property rights, to protect our intellectual property rights, or to obtain rights to intellectual property of others, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, ability to compete for and perform on contracts, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and new technologies and maintain technologies, facilities and equipment to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers.
many of the markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. the product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. our success in the competitive defense industry depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends, develop technologically advanced, innovative and cost-effective products and services and market these products and services to our customers in the u.s. and internationally. in addition, our ability to develop innovative and technologically advanced products depends, in part, on continued funding for, and investment in, research and development projects. our success also depends on our continued access to assured suppliers of important technologies and components and our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to deliver those products and services with maximum efficiency. if we are unable to develop new products and technologies, or if we fail to achieve market acceptance more rapidly than our competitors, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position and our future success could be materially adversely affected. if we fail to maintain our competitive position, we could lose a significant amount of future business to our competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate favorable financial results and maintain market share.
▪   unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flow.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. changes in applicable u.s. or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense and profitability as they did in 2017 upon passage of the tax cuts and jobs act. in addition, the final determination of any tax audits or related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
the distribution (distribution) by alliant techsystems inc. (atk) of the shares of vista outdoor inc. (vista) and atk's acquisition of orbital sciences corporation (orbital) to create then orbital atk (the orbital-atk merger) were intended to qualify as tax-free to atk, atk's stockholders, vista and orbital for u.s. income tax purposes. however, there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts will agree with the conclusion of the parties and their counsel regarding the tax treatment of the distribution and orbital-atk merger. if the distribution or certain related transactions were taxable, atk's shareholders immediately prior to the distribution could be required to recognize income on their receipt of vista outdoor stock in the distribution, atk could be considered to have made a taxable sale of certain of its assets to vista outdoor and vista could be subject to income taxes.
under the tax matters agreement between orbital atk and vista (the tax matters agreement), in certain circumstances, and subject to certain limitations, vista is required to indemnify orbital atk against taxes on the distribution that arise as a result of actions or failures to act by vista, or as a result of section 355(e) of the internal revenue code applying due to acquisitions of vista stock after the distribution. in other cases, however, we might recognize a taxable gain on the distribution without being entitled to an indemnification payment under the tax matters agreement. if such tax is imposed on vista, then we may, depending on the circumstances, be required to indemnify vista for that tax.
changes in our tax provision or an increase in our tax liabilities, whether due to changes in applicable laws and regulations, the interpretation or application thereof, or a final determination of tax audits or litigation, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   changes in future business conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill and other long-lived assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
goodwill accounts for approximately 46 percent of our total assets. although we currently have excess fair value of our reporting units over their respective carrying values, market-based inputs to the calculations in our goodwill impairment test, such as weighted average cost of capital and terminal value (based on market comparisons) could change significantly from our current assumptions. additionally, we acquired a significant amount of purchased intangible and other long-lived assets in the merger, whose recovery is dependent, in part, on future business conditions. we continue to monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and other long-lived

northrop grumman corporation assets. significant write-offs of goodwill or other long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and/or results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion should be read along with the financial statements included in this form 10-k, as well as part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, which provides additional information on comparisons of years 2018 and 2017.
acquisition of orbital atk on june 6, 2018 (the "merger date"), the company completed its previously announced acquisition of orbital atk, inc. ("orbital atk") (the "merger"). on the merger date, orbital atk became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company and its name was changed to northrop grumman innovation systems, inc. we established innovation systems as a new, fourth business sector. the operating results of innovation systems subsequent to the merger date have been included in the company's consolidated financial results. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the acquisition of orbital atk.
in june 2018, the u.s. federal trade commission (ftc) issued a decision and order enabling the acquisition to proceed and providing for solid rocket motors to be available on a non-discriminatory basis under certain circumstances and processes. the company has taken and continues to take robust actions to help ensure compliance with the terms of the order. similarly, the compliance officer, appointed under the order, and the ftc have taken and continue to take various actions to oversee compliance. in october 2019, the company received a civil investigative demand from the ftc requesting certain information relating to a potential issue of the company's compliance with the order in connection with a pending strategic missile competition. the company has provided information in response to the request. we believe the company has been and continues to be in full compliance with the order, but we cannot predict any potential impact on the procurement.
global security and economic environment the u.s. and its allies continue to face a global security environment of heightened tensions and instability, threats from state and non-state actors as well as terrorist organizations, emerging nuclear tensions, diverse regional security concerns and political instability. global threats persist across all domains, from undersea to space to cyber. the market for defense products, services and solutions globally is driven by these complex and evolving security challenges, considered in the broader context of political and socioeconomic priorities.
the global geopolitical and economic environments also continue to be impacted by uncertainty. geopolitical relationships are changing and global economic growth is expected to remain in the low single digits in 2020, reflecting the impact of and uncertainty surrounding geopolitical tensions globally and financial market volatility. the global economy may also be affected by britain's anticipated exit from the european union, the full impact of which is not known at this time. additionally, economic tensions and changes in international trade policies, including higher tariffs on imported goods and materials and renegotiation of free trade agreements, could impact the global market for defense products, services and solutions.
u.s. political and economic environment the u.s. continues to face an uncertain political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets. the budget control act of 2011 (bca) mandated spending caps for all federal discretionary spending across a ten-year period (fy 2012 through fy 2021), including specific limits for defense and non-defense spending. in prior years, these spending caps have been revised by separate bills for specific fiscal years.
in 2019, the president proposed an fy 2020 budget requesting $750 billion for national security. the president's budget request addresses various capabilities highlighted in the u.s. national security strategy, the national defense strategy and the missile defense review. on august 2, 2019, the bipartisan budget act of 2019 was enacted, increasing spending caps under the budget control act (bca) for fy 2020 and fy 2021, the final two fiscal years covered by the bca, and suspending the debt ceiling through july 31, 2021. on december 20, 2019, fy 2020 appropriations for all federal agencies were enacted, representing a 3 percent increase from fy 2019. we believe our capabilities, particularly in space, missiles, missile defense, hypersonics, counter-hypersonics, low observable technology and cyber will allow us to continue to profitably grow our business in support of our customers' needs.
the political environment, federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have significant impacts on defense spending broadly and the company's programs in particular.
-25-
northrop grumman corporation for further information on the risks we face from the current political and economic environment, see "risk factors."
operating performance assessment and reporting we manage and assess our business based on our performance on contracts and programs (typically larger contracts or two or more closely-related contracts). we recognize sales from our portfolio of long-term contracts as control is transferred to the customer, primarily over time on a cost-to-cost basis (cost incurred relative to costs estimated at completion). as a result, sales tend to fluctuate in concert with costs incurred across our large portfolio of contracts. due to federal acquisition regulation (far) rules that govern our u.s. government business and related cost accounting standards (cas), most types of costs are allocable to u.s. government contracts. as such, we do not focus on individual cost groupings (such as manufacturing, engineering and design labor, subcontractor, material, overhead and general and administrative (g&a) costs), as much as we do on total contract cost, which is the key driver of our sales and operating income.
in evaluating our operating performance, we look primarily at changes in sales and operating income. where applicable, significant fluctuations in operating performance attributable to individual contracts or programs, or changes in a specific cost element across multiple contracts, are described in our analysis. based on this approach and the nature of our operations, the discussion of results of operations below first focuses on our four segments before distinguishing between products and services. changes in sales are generally described in terms of volume, while changes in margin rates are generally described in terms of performance and/or contract mix. for purposes of this discussion, volume generally refers to increases or decreases in sales or cost from production/service activity levels and performance generally refers to non-volume related changes in profitability. contract mix generally refers to changes in the ratio of contract type and/or life cycle (e.g., cost-type, fixed-price, development, production, and/or sustainment).
consolidated operating results for purposes of the operating results discussion below, we assess our performance using certain financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with gaap. these non-gaap financial measures exclude mark-to-market pension and opb ("mtm") (expense) benefit and related tax impacts, and are described as mtm-adjusted net earnings and mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share. these non-gaap measures may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as supplemental measures in evaluating the company's underlying financial performance by presenting the company's operating results before the non-operational impact of pension and opb actuarial gains and losses. these measures are also consistent with how management views the underlying performance of the business as the impact of mtm accounting is not considered in management's assessment of the company's operating performance or in its determination of incentive compensation awards. we reconcile these non-gaap financial measures to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures below. these non-gaap measures may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to operating results presented in accordance with gaap.
selected financial highlights are presented in the table below:
year ended december 31                    % change in
$ in millions, except per share amounts                      2019                  2018                  2017           2019            2018
sales                                                $33,841               $30,095               $26,004             12   %          16    %
operating costs and expenses                          29,872                26,315                22,786                  %                %
operating costs and expenses as a % of sales            88.3    %             87.4    %             87.6    %
operating income                                       3,969                 3,780                 3,218              5   %          17    %
operating margin rate                                   11.7    %             12.6    %             12.4    %
mark-to-market pension and opb (expense) benefit      (1,800    )             (655    )              536            175   %          nm federal and foreign income tax expense                   300                   513                 1,360            (42   )%        (62   )%
effective income tax rate                               11.8    %             13.7    %             32.2    %
net earnings                                           2,248                 3,229                 2,869            (30   )%         13    %
diluted earnings per share                             13.22                 18.49                 16.34            (29   )%         13    %
-26-
northrop grumman corporation sales
2019 sales increased $3.7 billion reflecting a full year of sales from innovation systems as well as higher sales at aerospace systems and mission systems, partially offset by lower sales at technology services.
see "segment operating results" below for further information by segment and "product and service analysis" for product and service detail. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's sales by customer type, contract type and geographic region for each of our segments.
operating income and margin rate
2019 operating income increased $189 million, or 5 percent, primarily due to a $462 million increase in segment operating income, which includes a full year of operating income from innovation systems. this was partially offset by a $148 million decrease in the net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment and a $125 million increase in unallocated corporate expense, all of which are further discussed in "segment operating results." operating margin rate declined to 11.7 percent from 12.6 percent due to the pension and unallocated corporate expense items noted above, partially offset by a higher segment operating margin rate, as described in "segment operating results."
2019 g&a costs as a percentage of sales decreased to 9.7 percent from 10.0 percent, primarily due to higher sales as well as cost management, including cost synergies realized in connection with the 2018 acquisition of orbital atk.
for further information regarding product and service operating costs and expenses, see "product and service analysis" below.
mark-to-market pension and opb (expense) benefit the primary components of pre-tax mtm (expense) benefit are presented in the table below:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                                              2019             2018                  2017
actuarial (losses) gains on projected benefit obligation   $(4,866     )            $2,772               $(1,570    )
actuarial gains (losses) on plan assets                    3,066                    (3,426    )            2,119
other                                                      -                            (1    )              (13    )
mtm (expense) benefit                                      $(1,800     )             $(655    )             $536
2019 mtm expense of $1.8 billion was primarily driven by a 92 basis point decrease in the discount rate from year end 2018 as well as a change in our mortality assumptions, partially offset by actual net plan asset returns of approximately 19.1 percent compared to our 8.0 percent asset return assumption.
federal and foreign income taxes the 2019 effective tax rate decreased to 11.8 percent from 13.7 percent in 2018. mtm expense reduced the 2019 effective tax rate by 3.7 percentage points and the 2018 effective tax rate by 1.1 percentage points. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net earnings the table below reconciles net earnings to mtm-adjusted net earnings:
year ended december 31                   % change in
$ in millions                                                   2019                  2018                  2017           2019           2018
net earnings                                             $2,248                $3,229                $2,869            (30   )%        13   %
mtm expense (benefit)                                     1,800                   655                  (536    )       175   %         nm mtm-related deferred state tax (benefit) expense(1)         (81    )              (29    )               24            179   %         nm federal tax (benefit) expense of items above(2)            (361    )             (131    )              108            176   %         nm mtm expense (benefit), net of tax                         1,358                   495                  (404    )       174   %         nm mtm-adjusted net earnings                                $3,606                $3,724                $2,465             (3   )%        51   %
(1)   deferred state taxes are recorded in unallocated corporate expense within operating income.
(2)   based on a 21% federal statutory tax rate.
net earnings decreased $981 million in 2019 principally due to an $863 million increase in our mtm expense, net of tax. excluding these impacts, mtm-adjusted net earnings decreased by $118 million, or 3 percent, primarily due to a $397 million decrease in the total net fas/cas pension adjustment and $170 million of higher intangible asset
-27-
northrop grumman corporation amortization and pp&e step-up depreciation. these decreases were partially offset by $462 million of higher segment operating income.
diluted earnings per share the table below reconciles diluted earnings per share to mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share:
year ended december 31                   % change in
2019                                                                                            2018                  2017           2019           2018
diluted earnings per share                                         $13.22                $18.49                $16.34            (29   )%        13   %
mtm expense (benefit) per share                                     10.59                  3.76                 (3.06    )       182   %         nm mtm-related deferred state tax (benefit) expense per share(1)       (0.48    )            (0.17    )             0.14                  %         nm federal tax (benefit) expense of items above per share(2)           (2.12    )            (0.75    )             0.62                  %         nm mtm expense (benefit) per share, net of tax                          7.99                  2.84                 (2.30    )       181   %         nm mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share                            $21.21                $21.33                $14.04             (1   )%        52   %
(1)   deferred state taxes are recorded in unallocated corporate expense within operating income.
(2)   based on a 21% federal statutory tax rate.
diluted earnings per share decreased $5.27, or 29 percent, principally due to a $5.15 reduction associated with our mtm expense, net of tax. excluding these impacts, mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share decreased $0.12, or 1 percent, reflecting a 3 percent decrease in mtm-adjusted net earnings and a 3 percent decrease in weighted-average diluted shares outstanding.
segment operating results basis of presentation the company is aligned in four operating sectors, which also comprise our reportable segments: aerospace systems, innovation systems, mission systems and technology services. the segment operating results below include sales and operating income for innovation systems subsequent to the merger date. for a more complete description of each segment's products and services, see "business."
we present our sectors in the following business areas, which are reported in a manner reflecting core capabilities:
aerospace systems    innovation systems   mission systems          technology services autonomous systems   defense systems      advanced capabilities    global logistics and modernization manned aircraft      flight systems       cyber and isr            global services space                space systems        sensors and processing effective january 1, 2019, the former advanced defense services and system modernization and services business areas of technology services were merged to create the global services business area. this change had no impact on the prior segment operating results of technology services as a whole.
in september 2019, the company announced changes effective january 1, 2020, which are intended to better align the company's broad portfolio to serve its customers' needs. the four new sectors are: aeronautics systems, defense systems, mission systems and space systems. this realignment is not reflected in any of the accompanying financial information.
this section discusses segment sales, operating income and operating margin rates. a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is provided below.
-28-
northrop grumman corporation segment operating income and margin rate segment operating income, as reconciled in the table below, and segment operating margin rate (segment operating income divided by sales) are non-gaap (accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america) measures that reflect total earnings from our four segments, including allocated pension expense we have recognized under far and cas, and excluding fas pension expense and unallocated corporate items (certain corporate-level expenses, which are not considered allowable or allocable under applicable cas or far, and costs not considered part of management's evaluation of segment operating performance). these non-gaap measures may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as supplemental measures in evaluating the financial performance and operational trends of our sectors. these measures may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner and should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to operating results presented in accordance with gaap.
year ended december 31                    % change in
$ in millions                                                               2019                  2018                  2017           2019            2018
segment operating income                                             $3,909                $3,447                $2,903             13    %         19    %
segment operating margin rate                                          11.6    %             11.5    %             11.2    %
cas pension expense                                                     832                 1,017                 1,026            (18   )%         (1   )%
less: fas (service) pension expense                                    (367    )             (404    )             (388    )        (9   )%          4    %
net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment                                465                   613                   638            (24   )%         (4   )%
intangible asset amortization and pp&amp;e step-up depreciation        (390    )             (220    )                -             nm              nm mtm-related deferred state tax benefit (expense)(1)                      81                    29                   (24    )       179    %         nm other unallocated corporate expense                                     (96    )              (89    )             (299    )         8    %        (70   )%
unallocated corporate expense                                          (405    )             (280    )             (323    )        45    %        (13   )%
total operating income                                               $3,969                $3,780                $3,218              5    %         17    %
(1)   represents the deferred state tax impact of mtm (expense) benefit, which is recorded in unallocated corporate expense consistent with other changes in deferred state taxes.
segment operating income and margin rate
2019 segment operating income increased $462 million, or 13 percent, reflecting a full year of innovation systems operating income as well as higher operating income at the other three sectors. segment operating margin rate of 11.6 percent was comparable to the prior year.
net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment the decrease in our 2019 net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment is primarily due to lower cas expense largely as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions as of december 31, 2018, partially offset by increased cas expense due to the addition of innovation systems.
unallocated corporate expense the increase in 2019 unallocated corporate expense is primarily due to the absence in 2019 of a $223 million benefit recognized for the finalization of certain prior year cost claims, as well as $170 million of higher intangible asset amortization and pp&e step-up depreciation. this increase was partially offset by $140 million of lower deferred state taxes and an $89 million benefit recognized in 2019 related to the favorable resolution of a cost accounting litigation matter.
net estimate-at-completion (eac) adjustments - we record changes in estimated contract earnings at completion (net eac adjustments) using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. net eac adjustments can have a significant effect on reported sales and operating income and the aggregate amounts are presented in the table below:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                           2019   2018                  2017
favorable eac adjustments        $1,040                $1,019                $717
unfavorable eac adjustments        (560    )             (442    )           (357    )
net eac adjustments                $480                  $577                $360
-29-
northrop grumman corporation net eac adjustments by segment are presented in the table below:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                   2019                2018                2017
aerospace systems          $135                $309                $250
innovation systems(1)       133                  34                   -
mission systems             150                 175                 104
technology services          77                  76                  19
eliminations                (15    )            (17    )            (13    )
net eac adjustments        $480                $577                $360
(1)   amounts reflect eac adjustments after the percent complete on innovation systems contracts was reset to zero as of the merger date.
for purposes of the discussion in the remainder of this segment operating results section, references to operating income and operating margin rate reflect segment operating income and segment operating margin rate, respectively.
aerospace systems year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                     2019                  2018                  2017          2019           2018
sales                     $13,862               $13,096               $12,131             6    %         8    %
operating income            1,434                 1,411                 1,289             2    %         9    %
operating margin rate        10.3    %             10.8    %             10.6    %
sales
2019 sales increased $766 million, or 6 percent, due in large part to higher volume on restricted programs. in addition, manned aircraft sales reflect a higher rate of f-35 production activity and higher volume on the e-2 program. space sales reflect higher volume on next generation overhead persistent infrared (next gen opir) programs and the james webb space telescope (jwst). autonomous systems sales include higher global hawk volume and lower nato ags volume as that program nears completion.
operating income
2019 operating income increased $23 million, or 2 percent, due to higher sales. 2019 operating margin rate decreased to 10.3 percent from 10.8 percent principally due to lower net favorable eac adjustments.
innovation systems year ended december 31        % change in
$ in millions                     2019                  2018           2017   2019       2018
sales                      $6,119                $3,276             -              nm          -
operating income              671                   343             -              nm          -
operating margin rate        11.0    %             10.5    %        -
the sales and operating income in the table above reflect the operating results of innovation systems subsequent to the merger date. in our comparative discussion below, we reference pro forma sales prepared in accordance with article 11 of regulation s-x and computed as if the merger had been completed as of january 1, 2017. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional supplemental consolidated pro forma financial information. this pro forma financial information should not be considered indicative of the results that would have actually occurred if the merger had been consummated on january 1, 2017, nor are they indicative of future results.
sales
2019 sales increased $541 million, or 10 percent, compared with 2018 pro forma sales of $5.6 billion due to higher sales in all three business areas. flight systems sales reflect higher volume on military aerospace structures and launch vehicles. space systems sales reflect higher volume on national security satellite systems. defense systems sales increased due to higher volume on tactical missiles and subsystems, including the aargm-er and guided multiple launch rocket system programs.
-30-
northrop grumman corporation operating income
2019 operating income totaled $671 million and operating margin rate was 11.0 percent. year to date results benefited from favorable negotiations on certain contracts.
mission systems year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                     2019                  2018                  2017          2019           2018
sales                     $12,263               $11,709               $11,470             5    %         2    %
operating income            1,639                 1,520                 1,442             8    %         5    %
operating margin rate        13.4    %             13.0    %             12.6    %
sales
2019 sales increased $554 million, or 5 percent, due to higher sales in all three business areas. advanced capabilities sales increased principally due to higher volume on restricted and marine systems programs. sensors and processing sales increased principally due to higher volume on airborne radar and restricted programs, partially offset by lower volume on communications programs. cyber and isr sales increased principally due to higher volume on space and restricted programs.
operating income
2019 operating income increased $119 million, or 8 percent, due to higher sales and a higher operating margin rate. operating margin rate increased to 13.4 percent from 13.0 percent primarily due to improved performance on advanced capabilities and sensors and processing programs, partially offset by lower performance on cyber and isr programs.
technology services year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                     2019                  2018                  2017          2019   2018
sales                      $4,110                $4,297                $4,687            (4   )%        (8   )%
operating income              457                   443                   449             3    %        (1   )%
operating margin rate        11.1    %             10.3    %              9.6    %
sales
2019 sales decreased $187 million, or 4 percent, primarily due to program completions across the sector. global services sales declined principally due to the 2018 completions of a state and local services contract and the jrdc program, partially offset by higher volume on a civil program. global logistics and modernization sales declined primarily due to the 2018 completion of the kc-10 program, partially offset by higher volume on electronic systems sustainment programs.
operating income
2019 operating income increased $14 million, or 3 percent, and operating margin rate increased to 11.1 percent from 10.3 percent primarily due to improved performance in both business areas, including a favorable adjustment on a global logistics and modernization sustainment program.
-31-
northrop grumman corporation product and service analysis the following table presents product and service sales and operating costs and expenses by segment:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                                                                    2019                                                        2018                                                        2017
segment information:                    sales            operating costs and expenses               sales            operating costs and expenses               sales            operating costs and expenses aerospace systems product                           $11,778                         $10,609                     $11,087                          $9,889                     $10,064                          $8,988
service                             2,084                           1,819                       2,009                           1,796                       2,067                           1,854
innovation systems product                             5,467                           4,873                       2,894                           2,582                           -                               -
service                               652                             575                         382                             351                           -                               -
mission systems product                             7,711                           6,632                       7,329                           6,335                       7,012                           6,088
service                             4,552                           3,992                       4,380                           3,854                       4,458                           3,940
technology services product                               554                             507                         485                             450                         391                             360
service                             3,556                           3,146                       3,812                           3,404                       4,296                           3,878
segment totals total product                     $25,510                         $22,621                     $21,795                         $19,256                     $17,467                         $15,436
total service                      10,844                           9,532                      10,583                           9,405                      10,821                           9,672
intersegment eliminations          (2,513   )                      (2,221           )          (2,283   )                      (2,013           )          (2,284   )                      (2,007           )
total segment(1)                  $33,841                         $29,932                     $30,095                         $26,648                     $26,004                         $23,101
(1)   a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is included in "segment operating results."
product sales and costs
2019 product sales increased $3.7 billion, or 17 percent, primarily due to a full year of product sales from innovation systems and higher volume on restricted, f-35 and next gen opir programs at aerospace systems.
2019 product costs increased $3.4 billion, or 17 percent, consistent with the higher product sales described above.
service sales and costs
2019 service sales increased $261 million, or 2 percent. the increase was primarily driven by a full year of service sales from innovation systems and higher service sales at mission systems, partially offset by lower service sales at technology services principally due to program completions.
2019 service costs increased $127 million, or 1 percent, consistent with the higher service sales described above and reflects improved margin rates on service contracts at each sector.
backlog backlog represents the future sales we expect to recognize on firm orders received by the company and is equivalent to the company's remaining performance obligations at the end of each period. it comprises both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is authorized and appropriated) and unfunded backlog. unexercised contract options and indefinite delivery indefinite quantity (idiq) contracts are not included in backlog until the time the option or idiq task order is exercised or awarded. backlog is converted into sales as costs are incurred or deliveries are made.
-32-
northrop grumman corporation backlog consisted of the following at december 31, 2019 and 2018:
2019                                                             2018
$ in millions                    funded             unfunded            totalbacklog             totalbacklog          % change in 2019
aerospace systems          $11,587              $21,875               $33,462                  $26,440                    27          %
innovation systems           5,575                3,905                 9,480                    8,207                    16          %
mission systems             10,317                7,806                18,123                   15,408                    18          %
technology services          2,798                  977                 3,775                    3,445                    10          %
total backlog              $30,277              $34,563               $64,840                  $53,500                    21          %
liquidity and capital resources we endeavor to ensure the most efficient conversion of operating income into cash for deployment in our business and to maximize shareholder value through cash deployment activities. in addition to our cash position, we use various financial measures to assist in capital deployment decision-making, including cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow, a non-gaap measure described in more detail below.
as of december 31, 2019, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2.2 billion; approximately $269 million was held outside of the u.s. by foreign subsidiaries. cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operating activities, supplemented by borrowings under credit facilities, commercial paper and/or in the capital markets, if needed, are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. capital expenditure commitments were $790 million at december 31, 2019, and are expected to be paid with cash on hand.
operating cash flow the table below summarizes key components of cash flow provided by operating activities:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                                                     2019   2018                  2017
net earnings                                               $2,248                $3,229                $2,869
non-cash items(1)                                           2,683                 1,775                 1,018
changes in assets and liabilities:
trade working capital                                         128                   (65    )             (285    )
retiree benefits, excluding mtm (expense) benefit            (703    )           (1,083    )             (946    )
other, net                                                    (59    )              (29    )              (43    )
net cash provided by operating activities                  $4,297                $3,827                $2,613
(1)   includes depreciation and amortization, mtm (expense) benefit, non-cash lease expense, stock based compensation expense and deferred income taxes.
2019 cash provided by operating activities increased $470 million principally due to improved trade working capital and lower pension contributions.
free cash flow free cash flow, as reconciled in the table below, is a non-gaap measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. we use free cash flow as a key factor in our planning for, and consideration of, acquisitions, the payment of dividends and share repurchases. this non-gaap measure may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as a supplemental measure of our cash performance, but should not be considered in isolation, as a measure of residual cash flow available for discretionary purposes, or as an alternative to operating cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
-33-
northrop grumman corporation the table below reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                               2019                 2018                  2017                         2019           2018
net cash provided by operating activities          $4,297                $3,827                $2,613            12    %        46    %
less: capital expenditures                         (1,264    )           (1,249    )             (928    )        1    %        35    %
free cash flow                                     $3,033                $2,578                $1,685            18    %        53    %
2019 free cash flow increased $455 million principally driven by an increase in net cash provided by operating activities.
investing cash flow
2019 net cash used in investing activities decreased to $1.2 billion from $8.9 billion principally due to $7.7 billion paid in 2018 for the acquisition of orbital atk, net of cash acquired.
financing cash flow
2019 net cash used in financing activities decreased to $2.4 billion from $4.6 billion principally due to lower debt and credit facility repayments of $2.1 billion and lower share repurchases, partially offset by net repayments of commercial paper in 2019 as compared to net borrowings in 2018.
share repurchases - see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our share repurchase programs.
commercial paper, credit facilities and unsecured senior notes - see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our commercial paper, credit facilities and unsecured senior notes.
financial arrangements - see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our use of standby letters of credit and guarantees.
other sources of capital - we believe we can obtain additional capital, if necessary for long-term liquidity, from such sources as the public or private capital markets, the sale of assets, sale and leaseback of operating assets, and leasing rather than purchasing new assets. we have an effective shelf registration statement on file with the sec, which allows us to access capital in a timely manner.
contractual obligations at december 31, 2019, we had contractual commitments to repay debt with interest, make payments under operating leases, settle obligations related to agreements to purchase goods and services and make payments on various other liabilities. payments due under these obligations and commitments, and the estimated timing of those payments, are as follows:
$ in millions                                 total                2020            2021- 2022            2023- 2024             2025 and beyond long-term debt                          $13,945              $1,110              $2,247                $1,056                    $9,532
interest payments on long-term debt       6,632                 524                 956                   830                     4,322
operating leases                          1,992                 300                 486                   331                       875
purchase obligations(1)                  15,126               8,089               2,839                 2,213                     1,985
other long-term liabilities(2)            1,516                 490                 341                   176                       509
total contractual obligations           $39,211             $10,513              $6,869                $4,606                   $17,223
(1)   a "purchase obligation" is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. these amounts are primarily comprised of open purchase order commitments to suppliers and subcontractors pertaining to funded contracts.
(2)   other long-term liabilities, including their current portions, primarily consist of total accrued environmental reserves, deferred compensation, and other miscellaneous liabilities. it excludes obligations for uncertain tax positions of $1.2 billion as we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to such positions.
the table above excludes estimated minimum funding requirements for the company's pension and opb plans, as set forth by the employee retirement income security act, as amended. for further information about future minimum contributions for these plans, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. further details
-34-
northrop grumman corporation regarding long-term debt and operating leases can be found in notes 10 and 15, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments our consolidated financial statements are based on gaap, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. we employ judgment in making our estimates in consideration of historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ from our estimates and assumptions, and any such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. we believe the following accounting policies are critical to the understanding of our consolidated financial statements and require the use of significant management judgment in their application. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition due to the long-term nature of our contracts, we generally recognize revenue over time using the cost-to-cost method, which requires us to make reasonably dependable estimates regarding the revenue and cost associated with the design, manufacture and delivery of our products and services.
contract sales may include estimates of variable consideration, including cost or performance incentives (such as award and incentive fees), contract claims and requests for equitable adjustment (reas). variable consideration is included in total estimated sales to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. we estimate variable consideration as the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled.
our cost estimation process is based on the professional knowledge of our engineering, program management and financial professionals, and draws on their significant experience and judgment. we prepare eacs for our contracts and calculate an estimated contract profit based on total estimated contract sales and cost. since our contracts typically span a period of several years, estimation of revenue, cost, and progress toward completion requires the use of judgment. factors considered in these estimates include our historical performance, the availability, productivity and cost of labor, the nature and complexity of work to be performed, the effect of change orders, availability and cost of materials, components and subcontracts, the effect of any delays in performance and the level of indirect cost allocations.
we generally review and reassess our sales, cost and profit estimates for each significant contract at least annually or more frequently as determined by the occurrence of events, changes in circumstances and evaluations of contract performance to reflect the latest reliable information available. the company performs on a broad portfolio of long-term contracts, including the development of complex and customized military platforms and systems, as well as advanced electronic equipment and software, that often include technology at the forefront of science. cost estimates on fixed-price development contracts are inherently more uncertain as to future events than production contracts, and, as a result, there is typically more variability in those estimates, as well as financial risk associated with unanticipated cost growth. changes in estimates occur for a variety of reasons, including changes in contract scope, the resolution of risk at lower or higher cost than anticipated, unanticipated performance and other risks affecting contract costs, performance issues with subcontractors or suppliers, changes in indirect cost allocations, such as overhead and g&a costs, and changes in estimated award and incentive fees. identified risks typically include technical, schedule and/or performance risk based on our evaluation of the contract effort. similarly, the changes in estimates may include changes in, or resolution of, identified opportunities for operating margin improvement.
for the impacts of changes in estimates on our consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income, see "segment operating results" and note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
retirement benefits overview - the determination of projected benefit obligations, the fair value of plan assets, and pension and opb expense for our retirement benefit plans requires the use of estimates and actuarial assumptions. we perform an annual review of our actuarial assumptions in consultation with our actuaries. as we determine changes in the assumptions are warranted, or as a result of plan amendments, future pension and opb expense and our projected benefit obligation could increase or decrease. the principal estimates and assumptions that have a significant effect on our consolidated financial position and annual results of operations are the discount rate, cash balance crediting rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, estimated fair market value of plan assets, and the mortality rate of those covered by our pension and opb plans. the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and
-35-
northrop grumman corporation the effects of changing assumptions (i.e. actuarial gains or losses) are recognized immediately through earnings upon annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement.
discount rate - the discount rate represents the interest rate used to determine the present value of future cash flows currently expected to be required to settle our pension and opb obligations. the discount rate is generally based on the yield of high-quality corporate fixed-income investments. at the end of each year, we determine the discount rate using a theoretical bond portfolio model of bonds rated aa or better to match the notional cash outflows related to projected benefit payments for each of our significant benefit plans. taking into consideration the factors noted above, our weighted-average composite pension discount rate was 3.39 percent at december 31, 2019, and 4.31 percent at december 31, 2018.
the effects of a hypothetical change in the discount rate may be nonlinear and asymmetrical for future years as the discount rate changes. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the december 31, 2019 discount rate assumption would have the following estimated effects on 2019 pension and opb obligations, which would be reflected in the 2019 mtm expense (benefit), and 2020 expected pension and opb expense:
$ in millions        25 basis point decrease in rate        25 basis point increase in rate
2020 pension and opb (benefit) expense                      $(34            )                       $31
2019 pension and opb obligation and mtm expense (benefit)                     1,297                                 (1,230            )
cash balance crediting rate - a portion of the company's pension obligation and resulting pension expense is based on a cash balance formula, where participants' hypothetical account balances are accumulated over time with pay-based credits and interest. interest is credited monthly using the current 30-year treasury bond rate. the interest crediting rate is part of the cash balance formula and independent of actual pension investment earnings. the cash balance crediting rate tends to move in concert with the discount rate but has an offsetting effect on pension benefit obligations and the related mtm expense (benefit). the minimum cash balance crediting rate allowed under the plan is 2.25 percent. the cash balance crediting rate assumption has been set to its current level of 2.39 percent as of december 31, 2019, growing to 2.64 percent by 2025. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the december 31, 2019 cash balance crediting rate assumption would have the following estimated effects on the 2019 pension benefit obligation, which would be reflected in the 2019 mtm expense (benefit), and 2020 expected pension expense:
$ in millions        25 basis point decrease in rate            25 basis point increase in rate
2020 pension (benefit) expense                      $(11            )                           $12
2019 pension obligation and mtm expense (benefit)                      (136            )   151
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets - the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (eroa) assumption reflects the average rate of net earnings we expect on current and future benefit plan investments. eroa is a long-term assumption, which we review annually and adjust to reflect changes in our long-term view of expected market returns and/or significant changes in our plan asset investment policy. due to the inherent uncertainty of this assumption, we consider multiple data points at the measurement date including the plan's target asset allocation, historical asset returns and third party projection models of expected long-term returns for each of the plans' strategic asset classes. in addition to the data points themselves, we consider trends in the data points, including changes from the prior measurement date. the eroa assumptions we use for pension benefits are consistent with those used for opb plans; however, we reduce the eroa for opb plans to allow for the impact of tax on investment earnings, as certain voluntary employee beneficiary association trusts are taxable.
during 2019, the investment committee of the company's benefit plans reviewed and approved the plans' major asset class allocations. the current asset allocation is approximately 40% public equities, 30% fixed-income and 30% alternatives, which reflects a shift of approximately 5% from public equities to alternatives. at this time, the investment committee is not contemplating any significant changes to that mix. for further information on plan asset investments, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
-36-
northrop grumman corporation while historical market returns are not necessarily predictive of future market returns, given our long history of plan performance supported by the stability in our investment mix, investment managers, and active asset management, we believe our actual historical performance is a reasonable metric to consider when developing our eroa. our average annual rate of return from 1976 to 2019 was approximately 11.1 percent and our 20-year and 30-year rolling average rates of return were approximately 7.1 percent and 9.7 percent, respectively, each determined on an arithmetic basis and net of expenses. our 2019 actual net plan asset returns were approximately 19.1 percent.
consistent with our past practice, we obtained long-term capital market forecasting models from several third parties and, using our target asset allocation, developed an expected rate of return on plan assets from each model. we considered not only the specific returns projected by those third party models, but also changes in the models year-to-year when developing our eroa.
for determining 2019 fas expense, we assumed an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets of 8.0 percent and an expected long-term rate of return on opb plan assets of 7.67 percent. for 2020 fas expense, we have assumed an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets of 8.0 percent and 7.66 percent on opb plans. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in our december 31, 2019 eroa assumption would have the following estimated effects on 2020 expected pension and opb expense:
$ in millions                                25 basis point decrease   25 basis point increase
2020 pension and opb expense (benefit)                 $78             $(78                )
in addition, holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 100 basis points in actual versus expected return on plan assets would have the following estimated effects on our 2020 mtm expense (benefit):
$ in millions                      100 basis point decrease   100 basis point increase
2020 mtm expense (benefit)                  $312              $(312                 )
estimated fair market value of plan assets - for certain plan assets where the fair market value is not readily determinable, such as real estate, private equity, hedge funds and opportunistic investments, we develop estimates of fair value using the best information available. estimated fair values on these plan assets are based on redemption values and net asset values, as well as valuation methodologies that include third party appraisals, comparable transactions, discounted cash flow valuation models and public market data.
mortality rate - mortality assumptions are used to estimate life expectancies of plan participants. in october 2014, the society of actuaries (soa) issued updated mortality tables and a mortality improvement scale, which reflected longer life expectancies than previously projected. in october 2019, the soa issued an updated mortality base table (the private retirement plans mortality table for 2012 (pri-2012)) as well as an updated mortality improvement scale (mp-2019). the updated model is based on a comprehensive study, which shifted the blue/white collar mix in prior tables more toward blue collar in the pri-2012 table. considering our employee population, we performed a study of our recent actual pension plan mortality experience to determine whether the pri-2012 table's shift toward blue collar was appropriate for our company. after considering the additional information released by the soa in october 2019, and after reviewing our own historical mortality experience, we adopted the pri-2012 white collar table along with their projection scale, but with a long-term improvement rate of 0.75% versus 1.0% assumed by the soa. accordingly, we updated the mortality assumptions used in calculating our pension and opb obligations recognized at december 31, 2019, and the amounts estimated for our 2020 pension and opb expense.
for further information regarding our pension and opb plans, see "risk factors" and notes 1 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
litigation, commitments and contingencies we are subject to a range of claims, disputes, enforcement actions, investigations, lawsuits, overhead cost claims, environmental matters, income tax matters and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires judgment based upon the professional knowledge and experience of management. we determine whether to record a reserve and, if so, what amount based on consideration of the facts and circumstances of each matter as then known to us. determinations regarding whether to record a reserve and, if so, of what amount, reflect management's assessment regarding what is likely to occur; they do not necessarily reflect what management believes should occur. the ultimate resolution of
-37-
northrop grumman corporation any such exposure to us may vary materially from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances develop or become known to us.
environmental matters - we are subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do or have done business. factors that could result in changes to the assessment of probability, range of reasonably estimated costs and environmental accruals include: modification of planned remedial actions; changes in the estimated time required to conduct remedial actions; discovery of more or less extensive (or different) contamination than anticipated; information regarding the potential causes and effects of contamination; results of efforts to involve other responsible parties; financial capabilities of other responsible parties; changes in laws and regulations, their interpretation or application; contractual obligations affecting remediation or responsibilities; and improvements in remediation technology. as we expect to be able to recover a portion of environmental remediation liabilities through overhead charges on government contracts, such amounts are deferred in prepaid expenses and other current assets (current portion) and other non-current assets until charged to contracts. we use judgment to evaluate the recoverability of our environmental remediation costs, assessing, among other things, u.s. government regulations, our u.s. government contract mix and past practices. portions of the company's environmental liabilities we do not expect to be recoverable have been expensed.
income tax matters - the evaluation of tax positions taken in a filed tax return, or planned to be taken in a future tax return or claim, requires the use of judgment. we establish reserves for uncertain tax positions when, despite the belief that our tax positions are supportable, there remains uncertainty in a tax position taken in our filed tax returns or planned to be taken in a future tax return or claim. the company follows a recognition and measurement approach, considering the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. judgment is exercised by the company in determining the level of evidence necessary and appropriate to support its assessment using all available information. the technical merits of its position are derived from sources of authority in the tax law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position. in measuring the tax position, the company considers the amounts and probabilities of the outcomes that could be realized upon settlement. when it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained, we record the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. to the extent we prevail in matters for which reserves have been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of reserves, there could be a significant impact on our consolidated financial position and annual results of operations. during 2019, we increased our unrecognized tax benefits by approximately $319 million related to our methods of accounting associated with the timing of revenue recognition and related costs, and the 2017 tax act.
for further information on litigation, commitments and contingencies, see "risk factors" and note 1, note 7, note  and note  to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and other purchased intangible assets overview - we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the underlying tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values, with the excess recorded as goodwill. such fair value assessments require judgments and estimates that can be affected by contract performance and other factors over time, which may cause final amounts to differ materially from original estimates. adjustments to the fair value of purchased assets and liabilities after the initial measurement period are recognized in net earnings.
we recognize purchased intangible assets in connection with our business acquisitions at fair value on the acquisition date. the most significant purchased intangible assets recognized from our acquisitions are generally customer-related intangible assets, including customer contracts and commercial customer relationships. we determine the fair value of those customer-related intangible assets based on estimates and judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates and discount rates. in some cases, we use discounted cash flow analyses, which are based on estimates of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering such factors as general market conditions, customer budgets, existing firm and future orders, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance.
impairment testing - we test for impairment of goodwill annually at each of our reporting units, which comprise our operating segments. the results of our annual goodwill impairment tests as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, indicated that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value. there were no impairment charges recorded in the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
in addition to performing an annual goodwill impairment test, we may perform an interim impairment test if events occur or circumstances change that suggest goodwill in any of our reporting units may be impaired. such indicators may include, but are not limited to, the loss of significant business, significant reductions in federal government appropriations or other significant adverse changes in industry or market conditions.

northrop grumman corporation when testing goodwill for impairment, we compare the fair values of each of our reporting units to their respective carrying values. to determine the fair value of our reporting units, we primarily use the income approach based on the cash flows that the reporting unit expects to generate in the future, consistent with our operating plans. this income valuation method requires management to project sales, operating expenses, working capital, capital spending and cash flows for the reporting units over a multi-year period, as well as to determine the weighted-average cost of capital (wacc) used as a discount rate and terminal value assumptions. the wacc takes into account the relative weights of each component of our consolidated capital structure (equity and debt) and represents the expected cost of new capital adjusted as appropriate to consider lower risk profiles associated with longer-term contracts and barriers to market entry. the terminal value assumptions are applied to the final year of the discounted cash flow model. we use industry multiples (including relevant control premiums) of operating earnings to corroborate the fair values of our reporting units determined under the market valuation method of the income approach.
we test for impairment of our purchased intangible assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. our assessment is based on our projection of the undiscounted future operating cash flows of the related asset group. if such projections indicate that future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying amount, we recognize a non-cash impairment charge to reduce the carrying amount to fair value. there were no impairment charges recorded in the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.
impairment assessment inherently involves management judgments as to assumptions about expected future cash flows and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business' fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill and other purchased intangible assets, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the results of our impairment analysis.
other matters off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements.

northrop grumman corporation
