item 1a - risk factors risks related to the operation of nrg's business nrg's financial performance may be impacted by price fluctuations in the retail and wholesale power and natural gas markets, as well as fluctuations in coal and oil markets and other market factors that are beyond the company's control.
market prices for power, capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal and oil are unpredictable and tend to fluctuate substantially. unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and generally must be produced concurrently with its use. as a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. long- and short-term power prices may also fluctuate substantially due to other factors outside of the company's control, including:
•changes in generation capacity in the company's markets, including the addition of new supplies of power as a result of the development of new plants, expansion of existing plants, the continued operation of uneconomic power plants due to state subsidies, or additional transmission capacity;
•environmental regulations and legislation;
•electric supply disruptions, including plant outages and transmission disruptions;
•changes in power transmission infrastructure;
•fuel transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies;
•changes in law, including judicial decisions;
•weather conditions, including extreme weather conditions and seasonal fluctuations, including the effects of climate change;
•changes in commodity prices and the supply of commodities, including but not limited to natural gas, coal and oil;
•changes in the demand for power or in patterns of power usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools and practices, distributed generation, and more efficient end-use technologies;
•development of new fuels, new technologies and new forms of competition for the production of power;
•fuel price volatility;
•economic and political conditions;
•regulations and actions of the isos and rtos;
•federal and state power regulations and legislation;
•changes in prices related to recs; and
•changes in capacity prices and capacity markets.
while retail rates are generally designed to allow retail sellers of electricity and natural gas to pass through price fluctuations, the company may not be able to pass through all such fluctuations to customers. for example, the company engages in some sales of power at fixed prices. additionally, increases in wholesale costs to retail customers may cause additional customer defaults or increased customer attrition, or may be limited by regulatory rules.
such factors and the associated fluctuations in power prices have affected the company's wholesale and retail profitability in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
volatile power supply costs and demand for power could adversely affect the financial performance of nrg's retail businesses.
although nrg is the primary provider of its retail businesses' wholesale electricity supply requirements, the retail businesses purchase a significant portion of their supply requirements from third parties. as a result, financial performance depends on the ability to obtain adequate supplies of electric generation from third parties at prices below the prices it charges its customers. consequently, the company's earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in any period in which the retail businesses' wholesale electricity supply costs rise at a greater rate than the rates it charges to customers. the price of wholesale electricity supply purchases associated with the retail businesses' energy commitments can be different than that reflected in the rates charged to customers due to, among other factors:
•varying supply procurement contracts used and the timing of entering into related contracts;
•subsequent changes in the overall price of natural gas;
•daily, monthly or seasonal fluctuations in the price of natural gas relative to the 12-month forward prices;
•transmission constraints and the company's ability to move power to its customers; and
•changes in market heat rate (i.e., the relationship between power and natural gas prices).
the retail businesses' earnings and cash flows could also be adversely affected in any period in which its customers' actual usage of electricity significantly varies from the forecasted usage, which could occur due to, among other factors, weather events, changes in usage patterns, competition and economic conditions.
some of nrg's businesses operate, wholly or partially, without long-term power sale agreements.
some of nrg's businesses operate without long-term contracts. many of nrg's retail customers are contracted for a period of one year or less, and nrg may or may not hedge its retail power sales exposure, or may hedge in a manner that is not effective at managing quantity or price risk in the retail market. many of nrg's generation facilities operate as "merchant" facilities without long-term power sales agreements for some or all of their generating capacity and output and therefore are exposed to market fluctuations. without the benefit of long-term power sales or purchase agreements, and without long-term load obligations, nrg cannot be sure that it will be able to sell or purchase power at commercially attractive rates or that its generation facilities will be able to operate profitably. this could lead to future impairments of the company's property, plant and equipment, the closing of certain of its facilities or the loss of retail customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
the company's retail businesses may lose a significant number of retail customers or acquire less customers than forecasted due to competitive marketing activity by other retail electricity providers or competition with or disruptions to our sales partners, which could adversely affect the financial performance of the company's retail businesses.
the company's retail businesses face competition for customers. competitors may offer different products, lower prices, and other incentives, which may attract customers away from nrg's retail businesses. in some retail electricity markets, the principal competitor may be the incumbent utility. the incumbent utility has the advantage of long-standing relationships with its customers and strong brand recognition. furthermore, nrg's retail businesses may face competition from a number of other energy service providers, other energy industry participants, or nationally branded providers of consumer products and services, who may develop businesses that will compete with nrg and its retail businesses.
nrg's costs, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted by disruption of its fuel supplies.
nrg relies on natural gas, coal and oil to fuel a majority of its power generation facilities. its retail operations can likewise be affected by changes in commodity costs. grid operations depend on the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties, as well as the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve generation facilities and to ensure that there is sufficient power produced to meet retail demand. as a result, the company's wholesale generation facilities are subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at its generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price, if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure. the company's retail operations are likewise subject to many of the same constraints.
nrg routinely hedges both its wholesale sales and purchases to support its retail load obligations. in order to hedge these obligations, the company may enter into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow the company to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter. disruptions in the company's fuel supplies or power supply arrangements may therefore require it to find alternative fuel sources at higher costs, to find other sources of power to deliver to retail customers or other counterparties at a higher cost, or to pay damages to counterparties for failure to deliver power or sell electricity or natural gas as contracted. any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg also buys significant quantities of electricity and fuel on a short-term or spot market basis. prices sometimes rise or fall significantly over a relatively short period of time. the price nrg can obtain for the sale of energy may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel or delivery costs. retail rates may also not rise at the same rate or may not rise at all. this may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance. changes in market prices for electricity, natural gas, coal and oil may result from the following:
•weather conditions;
•seasonality;
•demand for energy commodities and general economic conditions;
•disruption or other constraints or inefficiencies of electricity, gas or coal transmission or transportation;
•additional generating capacity;
•availability and levels of storage and inventory for fuel stocks;
•natural gas, crude oil, refined products and coal production levels;
•changes in market liquidity;
•federal, state and foreign governmental regulation and legislation; and
•the creditworthiness and liquidity and willingness of fuel suppliers/transporters to do business with the company.
nrg's plant operating characteristics and equipment, particularly at its coal-fired plants, often dictate the specific fuel quality to be combusted. the availability and price of specific fuel qualities may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions and force majeure. at times, coal of specific quality may not be available at any price or the company may not be able to transport such coal to its facilities on a timely basis. in this case, the company may not be able to run the coal facility even if it would be profitable. operating a coal facility with different quality coal can lead to emission or operating problems. if the company had sold forward the power from such a coal facility, it could be required to supply or purchase power from alternate sources, perhaps at a loss. this could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of specific plants and on the company's results of operations.
changes in the price of coal and natural gas could cause the company to hold excess coal inventories and incur contract termination costs.
low natural gas prices can cause natural gas to be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity. because the company enters into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate its base load coal-fired generating facilities, the company may experience periods where it holds excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in the company reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities. in addition, the company may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of its generating requirements.
nrg's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations.
the company typically enters into hedging agreements, including contracts to purchase or sell commodities at future dates and at fixed prices, to manage the commodity price risks inherent in its power generation and retail operations. the company's risk management policies and hedging procedures may not mitigate risk as planned, and the company may fail to fully or effectively hedge its commodity supply and price risk. in addition, these activities, although intended to mitigate price volatility, expose the company to other risks. when the company sells or buys power forward, it gives up the opportunity to buy or sell power at the future price, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties. the company also relies on counterparty performance under its hedging agreements and is exposed to the credit quality of its counterparties under those agreements. further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the company's business, operating results or financial position.
nrg does not typically hedge the entire exposure of its operations against commodity price volatility. to the extent it does not hedge against commodity price volatility, the company's results of operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon movement in commodity prices.
nrg may engage in trading activities, including the trading of power, fuel and emissions allowances that are not directly related to the operation of the company's generation facilities or the management of related risks. these trading activities take place in volatile markets and some of these trades could be characterized as speculative. the company would expect to settle these trades financially rather than through the production of power or the delivery of fuel. this trading activity may expose the company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
there may be periods when nrg will not be able to meet its commitments under forward sale or purchase obligations at a reasonable cost or at all.
the company may sell fixed price gas as a proxy for power. because the obligations under most of the company's forward sale agreements are not contingent on a unit being available to generate power, nrg is generally required to deliver power to the buyer, even in the event of a plant outage, fuel supply disruption or a reduction in the available capacity of the unit. to the extent that the company does not have sufficient lower-cost capacity to meet its commitments under its forward sale obligations, the company would be required to supply replacement power either by running its other, higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price. if nrg fails to deliver the contracted power, it would be required to pay the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial.
nrg may not have sufficient liquidity to hedge market risks effectively.
the company is exposed to market risks through its retail and wholesale operations, which involve the purchase of electricity for resale, the sale of energy, capacity and related products, and the purchase and sale of fuel, transmission services and emission allowances. these market risks include, among other risks, volatility arising from location and timing differences that may be associated with buying and transporting fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer.
nrg undertakes these market activities through agreements with various counterparties. many of the company's agreements with counterparties include provisions that require the company to provide guarantees, offset or netting arrangements, letters of credit, a first lien on assets and/or cash collateral to protect the counterparties against the risk of the company's default or insolvency. the amount of such credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. significant movements in market prices can result in the company being required to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. the effectiveness of the company's strategy may depend on the amount of collateral available to enter into or maintain these contracts, and liquidity requirements may be greater than the company anticipates or will be able to meet. without a sufficient amount of working capital to post as collateral in support of performance guarantees or as a cash margin, the company may not be able to manage price volatility effectively or to implement its strategy. an increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to the company's counterparties may negatively affect the company's liquidity and financial condition.
further, if any of nrg's facilities experience unplanned outages or if retail customers use more power than expected, the company may be required to procure additional power at spot market prices to fulfill contractual commitments. without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, the company may be exposed to significant losses, may miss significant opportunities, and may have increased exposure to the volatility of spot markets.
the accounting for nrg's hedging activities may increase the volatility in the company's quarterly and annual financial results.
nrg engages in commodity-related marketing and price-risk management activities in order to financially hedge its exposure to market risk with respect to electricity sales from its generation assets, fuel utilized by those assets and emission allowances, as well as retail sales of electricity.
nrg generally attempts to balance its fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts. these derivatives are accounted for in accordance with the fasb asc 815, derivatives and hedging, or asc 815, which requires the company to record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. whether a derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment depends upon it meeting specific criteria used to determine if the cash flow hedge is and will remain appropriate for the term of the derivative. all economic hedges may not necessarily qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. as a result, the company's quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.
competition in power markets may have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and the market value of its assets.
nrg has numerous competitors in all aspects of its business, and additional competitors may enter the industry. new parties may offer retail electricity bundled with other products or at prices that are below the company's rates.
because many of the company's facilities are older, newer plants owned by the company's competitors are often more efficient than nrg's aging plants, which may put some of the company's plants at a competitive disadvantage to the extent the company's competitors are able to consume the same or less fuel as the company's plants consume. over time, the company's plants may be squeezed out of their markets or may be unable to compete with these more efficient plants.
other companies with which nrg competes may have greater liquidity, greater access to credit and other financial resources, lower cost structures, more effective risk management policies and procedures, greater ability to incur losses, longer-standing relationships with customers, greater potential for profitability from retail sales or greater flexibility in the timing of their sale of generation capacity and ancillary services than nrg does. competitors may also have better access to subsidies or other out-of-market payments that put nrg at a competitive disadvantage.
nrg's competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies, or to devote greater resources to marketing of retail power than nrg can. in addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties. accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among current and new competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. there can be no assurance that nrg will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and any failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks and hazards customary to the power industry that could have a material adverse effect on nrg's revenues and results of operations, and nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards.
the ongoing operation of nrg's facilities involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency and the inability to transport the company's product to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the company's business. unplanned outages typically increase the company's operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce the company's revenues as a result of selling fewer mwh or non-performance penalties or require nrg to incur significant costs as a result of running one of its higher cost units or obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market to satisfy the company's forward power sales obligations. nrg's inability to operate the company's plants efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flow from the company's asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. while nrg maintains insurance, obtains warranties from vendors and obligates contractors to meet certain performance levels, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties or performance guarantees may not be adequate to cover the company's lost revenues, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments should the company experience equipment breakdown or non-performance by contractors or vendors.
in addition, nrg provides plant operations and commercial services to a variety of third-parties. there is a risk that mistakes, mis-operations, or actions taken by these third-parties could be attributed to nrg, including the risk of investigation or penalties being assessed to nrg in connection with the services it offers, or that regulators could question whether nrg had the appropriate safeguards in place.
power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. in addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, hurricane and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in the company's operations. these and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. the occurrence of any one of these events may result in nrg being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties. nrg maintains an amount of insurance protection that it considers adequate, but the company cannot provide any assurance that its insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which it may be subject. a successful claim for which the company is not fully insured could hurt its financial results and materially harm nrg's financial condition. nrg cannot provide any assurance that its insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages or reduced output and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
many of nrg's facilities require periodic maintenance and repair. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability.
nrg cannot be certain of the level of capital expenditures that will be required due to changing environmental and safety laws (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof), needed facility repairs and unexpected events (such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks). the unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on the company's liquidity and financial condition.
if nrg significantly modifies a unit, the company may be required to install the best available control technology or to achieve the lowest achievable emission rates as such terms are defined under the new source review provisions of the caa, which would likely result in substantial additional capital expenditures.
nrg and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance.
nrg and its subsidiaries have issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate nrg and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by the third parties, nrg could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the company.
supplier and/or customer concentration at certain of nrg's facilities may expose the company to significant financial credit or performance risks.
nrg often relies on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision of fuel, transportation of fuel, chemicals and other services required for the operation of certain of its facilities. if these suppliers cannot perform, the company utilizes the marketplace to provide these services. there can be no assurance that the marketplace can provide these services as, when and where required or at comparable prices.
at times, nrg may rely on a single customer or a few customers to purchase all or a significant portion of a facility's output, in some cases under long-term agreements that account for a substantial percentage of the anticipated revenue from a given facility. the company has also hedged a portion of its exposure to power price fluctuations through forward fixed price power sales and natural gas price swap agreements. counterparties to these agreements may breach or may be unable to perform their obligations. nrg may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as its existing agreements, or at all. if the company was unable to enter into replacement ppas, the company would sell its plants' power at market prices. if the company is unable to enter into replacement fuel or fuel transportation purchase agreements, nrg would seek to purchase the company's fuel requirements at market prices, exposing the company to market price volatility and the risk that fuel and transportation may not be available during certain periods at any price.
the failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to nrg could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial results. consequently, the financial performance of the company's facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers.
reliance on power purchase agreements for renewable generation may expose the company to significant financial and performance risks.
nrg may rely on a few counterparties, in some cases under mid to long-term agreements, to purchase all or a significant portion of the company's renewable power requirements. in many cases, these purchases are specific to a facility, which at times may be in the early stages of development. counterparties to these agreements may breach or be unable to perform their obligations and may be subject to additional risks, such as a facility development and transmission risks, unfavorable weather and atmospheric conditions, and mechanical or operational failures. nrg may not be able to enter into replacement agreements or replace expected generation on terms as favorable as its existing agreements, or at all.
nrg relies on power transmission and distribution facilities that it does not own or control and that are subject to transmission constraints within a number of the company's core regions.
nrg depends on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by others to deliver power to its customers. if transmission or distribution is disrupted, including by force majeure events, or if the transmission or distribution infrastructure is inadequate, nrg's ability to deliver power may be adversely impacted. the company also cannot predict whether transmission or distribution facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
in addition, in certain of the markets in which nrg operates, energy transmission congestion may occur and the company may be deemed responsible for congestion costs associated with power sales or purchases, or retail sales, particularly where the company's load is not co-located with its retail sales obligations. if nrg were liable for such congestion costs, the company's financial results could be adversely affected.
nrg adopted and substantially completed the transformation plan. if the transformation plan does not achieve its expected benefits, there could be negative impacts to nrg's business, results of operations and financial condition.
nrg adopted the transformation plan in 2017, designed to significantly strengthen earnings and cost competitiveness, lower risk and volatility, and create significant shareholder value. the three-part, three-year plan is comprised of the following components: (i) operations and cost excellence; (ii) portfolio optimization; and (iii) capital structure and allocation enhancements. nrg has substantially completed the transformation plan, with the exception of the margin enhancement activities that are ongoing in 2020.
nrg may be unable to fully implement the remaining margin enhancement activities under the transformation plan, in which case, nrg would not realize the full anticipated benefits. alternatively, components of the transformation plan already implemented may not result in the anticipated benefits to nrg's business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner if at all. further, nrg could experience unexpected delays, business disruptions resulting from supporting these initiatives during and following completion of these activities, decreased productivity, adverse effects on employee morale and employee turnover as a result of such initiatives, any of which may impair nrg's ability to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm nrg's business, results of operations and financial condition.
because nrg owns less than a majority of the ownership interests of some of its project investments, the company cannot exercise complete control over their operations.
nrg has limited control over the operation of some project investments and joint ventures because the company's investments are in projects where it beneficially owns less than a majority of the ownership interests. nrg seeks to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects in which it owns less than a majority of the ownership interests by negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights, such as rights to veto significant actions. however, the company may not always succeed in such negotiations. nrg may be dependent on its co-venturers to operate such projects. the company's co-venturers may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources management and other attributes necessary to operate these projects optimally. the approval of co-venturers also may be required for nrg to receive distributions of funds from projects or to transfer the company's interest in projects.
nrg may be unable to integrate the operations of acquired entities in the manner expected.
nrg enters into acquisitions that result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions depends on whether the businesses can be integrated into nrg in an efficient and effective manner. the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of nrg's businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could adversely affect the company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. nrg may have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect nrg's future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
future acquisition or disposition activities could involve unknown risks and may have materially adverse effects and nrg may be subject to trailing liabilities from businesses that it disposes of or that are inactive.
nrg may in the future make acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or assets, acquire or sell books of retail customers, or pursue other business activities, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, that involve a number of risks. the acquisition of companies and assets is subject to substantial risks, including the failure to identify material problems during due diligence, the risk of over-paying for assets or customers, the ability to retain customers and the inability to arrange financing for an acquisition as may be required or desired. further, the integration and consolidation of acquisitions requires substantial human, financial and other resources and, ultimately, the company's acquisitions may not be successfully integrated. in the case of dispositions, such risks may relate to employment matters, counterparties, regulators and other stakeholders in the disposed business, risks relating to separating the disposed assets from nrg's business, risks related to the management of nrg's ongoing business, risks unknown to nrg at the time, and other financial, legal and operational risks related to such disposition. in addition, nrg may be subject to material trailing liabilities from disposed businesses such as nrg yield, inc., and its renewables platform. any such risk may result in one or more costly disputes or litigation. there can be no assurances that any future acquisitions will perform as expected or that the returns from such acquisitions will support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them. there can also be no assurances that nrg will realize the anticipated benefits from any such dispositions. the failure to realize the anticipated returns or benefits from an acquisition or disposition could adversely affect nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
nrg's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by its unionized employees or inability to replace employees as they retire.
as of december 31, 2019, approximately 24% of nrg's employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event that the company's union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, nrg would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or the company could experience reduced power generation or outages. although nrg's ability to procure such labor is uncertain, contingency staffing planning is completed as part of each respective contract negotiations. strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, a number of the company's employees at nrg's plants are close to retirement. the company's inability to replace retiring workers could create potential knowledge and expertise gaps as such workers retire.
changes in technology may impair the value of nrg's power plants and the attractiveness of its retail products.
research and development activities are ongoing in the industry to provide alternative and more efficient technologies to produce power, including wind, photovoltaic (solar) cells, energy storage, and improvements in traditional technologies and equipment, such as more efficient gas turbines. advances in these or other technologies could reduce the costs of power production to a level below what the company has currently forecasted, which could adversely affect its cash flows, results of operations or competitive position. technology, including distributed technology or changes in retail rate structures, may also have a material impact on the company's ability to retain retail customers.
the company may potentially be affected by emerging technologies that may over time affect change in capacity markets and the energy industry overall with the inclusion of distributed generation and clean technology.
some emerging technologies like distributed renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices could affect the price of energy. these emerging technologies may affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks that are beyond nrg's control, including but not limited to acts of terrorism or related acts of war, natural disaster, hostile cyber intrusions or other catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's generation facilities and the facilities of third parties on which they rely may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with such activities, all of which could cause environmental repercussions and/or result in full or partial disruption of the facilities ability to generate, transmit, transport or distribute electricity or natural gas. strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. hostile cyber intrusions, including those targeting information systems, as well as electronic control systems used at the generation facilities and for the distribution systems, could severely disrupt business operations and result in loss of service to customers, as well as significant expense to repair security breaches or system damage. any such environmental repercussions or disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, significant weather events or terrorist actions could damage or shut down the power transmission and distribution facilities upon which the company is dependent, which may reduce retail volume for extended periods of time. power supply may be sold at a loss if these events cause a significant loss of retail customer load.
the operation of nrg's businesses is subject to cyber-based security and integrity risk.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of nrg's businesses depend on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. the operation of nrg's generation plants, including stp, and of nrg's energy and fuel trading businesses rely on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, are subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information could be lost or stolen, causing nrg to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to nrg's reputation. in addition, nrg may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its cyber systems and plants.
the company's businesses are subject to the risk that sensitive data may be compromised, which could result in an adverse impact to the company's reputation and/or its results of operations.
the company requires access to sensitive data in the ordinary course of business. examples of sensitive data are names, addresses, account information, historical electricity usage, expected patterns of use, payment history, credit bureau data, credit and debit card account numbers, driver's license numbers, social security numbers and bank account information. nrg may need to provide sensitive data to vendors and service providers, who require access to this information in order to provide services to nrg, such as call center operations. if a significant breach occurred or if sensitive data that was entrusted to the company was mishandled, the reputation of nrg and its businesses may be adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, or nrg and its retail businesses may be subject to legal claims, any of which may contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or results of operations.
risks related to governmental regulation and laws nrg's business is subject to substantial energy regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future energy regulations or requirements.
nrg's business is subject to extensive u.s. federal, state and local laws and foreign laws. compliance with, or changes to, the requirements under these legal and regulatory regimes may cause the company to incur significant additional costs, reduce the company's ability to hedge exposure or to sell retail power within certain states or to certain classes of retail customers; or restrict the company's marketing practices, its ability to pass through costs to retail customers, or its ability to compete on favorable terms with competitors, including the incumbent utility. retail competition is regulated on a state-by-state level and is highly dependent on state laws, regulations and policies, which could change at any moment.
failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. except for ercot generation facilities and power marketers, all of nrg's non-qualifying facility generating companies and power marketing affiliates in the u.s. make sales of electricity in interstate commerce and are public utilities for purposes of the fpa. ferc has granted each of nrg's generating and power marketing companies that make sales of electricity outside of ercot the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. ferc's orders that grant nrg's generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if ferc subsequently determines that nrg can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, nrg's market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of nrg's generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated those rules, they are subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if nrg's generating and power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have a material adverse effect on the rates nrg charges for power from its facilities.
substantially all of the company's generation assets are also subject to the reliability standards promulgated by the designated electric reliability organization (currently nerc) and approved by ferc. if nrg fails to comply with the mandatory reliability standards, nrg could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties and increased compliance obligations. nrg is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules that occur in the existing isos. the isos that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps, non-performance penalties and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have a material adverse effect on the profitability of nrg's generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.
the regulatory environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale and retail competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission. these changes are ongoing, and the company cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on nrg's business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, as well as proposals to reinstate the vertical monopoly utility of the markets or require divestiture by generating companies to reduce their market share. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, discontinued, or delayed, the company's business prospects and financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, since 2010, there have been a number of reforms to the regulation of the derivatives markets, both in the united states and internationally. these regulations, and any further changes thereto, or adoption of additional regulations, including any regulations relating to position limits on futures and other derivatives or margin for derivatives, could negatively impact nrg's ability to hedge its portfolio in an efficient, cost-effective manner by, among other things, potentially decreasing liquidity in the forward commodity and derivatives markets or limiting nrg's ability to utilize non-cash collateral for derivatives transactions.
nrg's business may be affected by state interference in the competitive wholesale marketplace.
nrg's generation and competitive retail businesses rely on a competitive wholesale marketplace. the competitive wholesale marketplace may be impacted by out-of-market subsidies provided by states or state entities, including bailouts of uneconomic nuclear plants, imports of power from canada, renewable mandates or subsidies, mandates to sell power below its cost of acquisition and associated costs, as well as out-of-market payments to new or existing generators. these out-of-market subsidies to existing or new generation undermine the competitive wholesale marketplace, which can lead to premature retirement of existing facilities, including those owned by the company. if these measures continue, capacity and energy prices may be suppressed, and the company may not be successful in its efforts to insulate the competitive market from this interference. the company's retail businesses may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants.
the integration of the capacity performance product into the pjm market and the pay-for-performance mechanism in iso-ne could lead to substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
both iso-ne and pjm operate a pay-for-performance model where capacity payments are modified based on real-time generator performance. capacity market prices are sensitive to design parameters, as well as additions of new capacity. nrg may experience substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg's ownership interest in a nuclear power facility subjects the company to regulations, costs and liabilities uniquely associated with these types of facilities.
under the atomic energy act of 1954, as amended, or aea, ownership and operation of stp, of which nrg indirectly owns a 44% interest, is subject to regulation by the nrc. such regulation includes licensing, inspection, enforcement, testing, evaluation and modification of all aspects of nuclear reactor power plant design and operation, environmental and safety performance, technical and financial qualifications, decommissioning funding assurance and transfer and foreign ownership restrictions. the current facility operating licenses for stp expire on august 20, 2047 (unit 1) and december 15, 2048 (unit 2).
there are unique risks to owning and operating a nuclear power facility. these include liabilities related to the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, release and use of radioactive materials, particularly with respect to spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties regarding the ultimate, and potential exposure to, technical and financial risks associated with modifying or decommissioning a nuclear facility. the nrc could require the shutdown of the plant for safety reasons or refuse to permit restart of the unit after unplanned or planned outages. new or amended nrc safety and regulatory requirements may give rise to additional operation and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. additionally, aging equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in reduced profitability. stp will be obligated to continue storing spent nuclear fuel if the u.s. doe continues to fail to meet its contractual obligations to stp made pursuant to the u.s. nuclear waste policy act of 1982 to accept and dispose of stp's spent nuclear fuel. see also item 1 - regulatory matters - nuclear operations - decommissioning trusts and item 1 - environmental matters - federal environmental initiatives - nuclear waste for further discussion. costs associated with these risks could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition or cash flow to the extent not covered by the decommissioning trusts or recovered from ratepayers. in addition, to the extent that all or a part of stp is required by the nrc to permanently or temporarily shut down or modify its operations, or is otherwise subject to a forced outage, nrg may incur additional costs to the extent it is obligated to provide power from more expensive alternative sources - either nrg's own plants, third party generators or the ercot - to cover the company's then existing forward sale obligations. such shutdown or modification could also lead to substantial costs related to the storage and disposal of radioactive materials and spent nuclear fuel.
while stp maintains property and liability insurance for losses related to nuclear operations, there may be limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available. see also item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, nuclear insurance. an accident at stp or another nuclear facility could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, its operational results, or liquidity as losses may exceed the insurance coverage available and/or may result in the obligation to pay retrospective premium obligations.
nrg is subject to environmental laws that impose extensive and increasingly stringent requirements on the company's ongoing operations, as well as potentially substantial liabilities arising out of environmental contamination. these environmental requirements and liabilities could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg is subject to the environmental laws of foreign and u.s., federal, state and local authorities. the company must comply with numerous environmental laws and obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals to build and operate the company's plants. federal and state environmental laws generally have become more stringent over time. should nrg fail to comply with any environmental requirements that apply to its operations, the company could be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal liability and fines, and regulatory agencies could take other actions seeking to curtail the company's operations. in addition, when new requirements take effect or when existing environmental requirements are revised, reinterpreted or subject to changing enforcement policies, nrg's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
nrg's businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change.
fluctuations in weather and other environmental conditions, including temperature and precipitation levels, may affect consumer demand for electricity. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events, could disrupt nrg's operations and supply chain, and cause them to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects. these or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs. nrg's commercial and residential customers may also experience the potential physical impacts of climate change and may incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these efforts, including increasing the mix and resiliency of their energy solutions and supply.
hazards customary to the power production industry include the potential for unusual weather conditions, which could affect fuel pricing and availability, the company's route to market or access to customers, i.e., transmission and distribution lines, or critical plant assets. the contribution of climate change to the frequency or intensity of weather-related events could affect nrg's operations and planning process.
climate change could also affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for the continued operation of nrg's generation plants. nrg monitors water risk carefully. if it is determined that a water supply risk exists that could impact projected generation levels at any plant risk mitigation efforts are identified and evaluated for implementation.
also, demand for nrg's energy-related services could be similarly impacted by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
policies at the national, regional and state levels to regulate ghg emissions and mitigate climate change could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg's ghg emissions for 2019 can be found in item 1, business -environmental regulatory matters. ghg regulation could increase the cost of electricity generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could reduce demand for the power nrg generates and markets. in 2015, the epa promulgated the final ghg emissions rules for new and existing fossil-fuel-fired electric generating units, which have been stayed by the u.s. supreme court and the epa has proposed repealing.
the company operates generating units in connecticut, delaware, maryland, and new york which are subject to rggi, which is a regional cap and trade system for co2. in 2013, each of these states finalized a rule that reduced and will continue to reduce the number of allowances through 2020. the nine rggi states re-evaluated the program and published a model rule to further reduce the number of allowances. the revisions being currently contemplated could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
california has a co2 cap and trade program for electric generating units greater than 25 mw. the impact on the company depends on the cost of the related allowances and the ability to pass these costs through to customers.
nrg's retail businesses are subject to changing state rules and regulations that could have a material impact on the profitability of its business lines.
the competitiveness of nrg's retail businesses partially depends on state regulatory policies that establish the structure, rules, terms and conditions on which services are offered to retail customers. these state policies, which can include controls on the retail rates nrg's retail businesses can charge, the imposition of additional costs on sales, restrictions on the company's ability to obtain new customers through various marketing channels and disclosure requirements, which can affect the competitiveness of nrg's retail businesses. the company's retail businesses may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants. additionally, state or federal imposition of net metering or rps programs can make it more or less expensive for retail customers to supplement or replace their reliance on grid power. nrg's retail businesses have limited ability to influence development of these policies, and its business model may be more or less effective, depending on changes to the regulatory environment.
the company's international operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond the company's control in the countries in which it operates, which risks may negatively impact the company's business.
the company's international operations depend on products manufactured, purchased and sold in the u.s. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than in nrg's other markets. operating and seeking to expand business in a number of different regions and countries exposes the company to a number of risks, including:
•multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change;
•imposition of currency restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints;
•imposition of burdensome tariffs or quotas;
•national and international conflict, including terrorist acts; and
•political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries.
the occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to economic and financial market conditions nrg's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or return capital to stockholders. it could also expose it to the risk of increased interest rates and limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry.
nrg's substantial debt could have negative consequences, including:
•increasing nrg's vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;
•requiring a substantial portion of nrg's cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, therefore reducing nrg's ability to pay dividends to holders of its preferred or common stock or to use its cash flow to fund its operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•limiting nrg's ability to enter into long-term power sales or fuel purchases which require credit support;
•exposing nrg to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of its borrowings, including borrowings under its senior credit facility are at variable rates of interest;
•limiting nrg's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital including collateral postings, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and
•limiting nrg's ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have less debt.
the indentures for nrg's senior notes, senior secured notes and senior credit facility contain financial and other restrictive covenants that may limit the company's ability to return capital to stockholders or otherwise engage in activities that may be in its long-term best interests. furthermore, financial and other restrictive covenants contained in any project level subsidiary debt may limit the ability of nrg to receive distributions from such subsidiary. nrg's failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of the company's indebtedness.
in addition, nrg's ability to arrange financing, either at the corporate level, a non-recourse project-level subsidiary or otherwise, and the costs of such capital, are dependent on numerous factors, including:
•general economic and capital market conditions;
•credit availability from banks and other financial institutions;
•investor confidence in nrg, its partners and the regional wholesale power markets;
•nrg's financial performance and the financial performance of its subsidiaries;
•nrg's level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in debt agreements;
•maintenance of acceptable credit ratings;
•cash flow; and
•provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital.
nrg may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. the failure to obtain additional capital from time to time may have a material adverse effect on its business and operations.
adverse economic conditions could adversely affect nrg's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse economic conditions and declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, may impact nrg's results of operations. the breadth and depth of negative economic conditions may have a wide-ranging impact on the u.s. business environment, including nrg's businesses. in addition, adverse economic conditions also reduce the demand for energy commodities. reduced demand from negative economic conditions continues to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets nrg serves. the combination of lower demand for power and increased supply of natural gas has put downward price pressure on wholesale energy markets in general, further impacting nrg's energy marketing results. in general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact nrg's unhedged future energy margins, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition. in addition, adverse economic conditions, declines in wholesale energy prices, reduced demand for power and other factors may negatively impact the trading price of nrg's common stock and impact forecasted cash flows, which may require nrg to evaluate its goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment. any such impairment could have a material impact on nrg's financial statements.
goodwill and other intangible assets that nrg has recorded in connection with its acquisitions are subject to impairment evaluations and, as a result, the company could be required to write off some or all of this goodwill and other intangible assets, which may adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually or more frequently for impairment. other intangibles are also reviewed at least annually or more frequently, if certain conditions exist, and are amortized. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect nrg's reported results of operations and financial position in future periods.
the company has made investments, and may continue to make investments, in new business initiatives predominantly focused on consumer products and in markets that may not be successful, may not achieve the intended financial results or may result in product liability and reputational risk that could adversely affect the company.
nrg continues to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. nrg is continuing to pursue investment opportunities in renewables, consumer products and distributed generation. such initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market.
as part of these initiatives, the company may be liable to customers for any damage caused to customers' homes, facilities, belongings or property during the installation of company products and systems, such as residential solar systems and mass market back-up generators. in addition, shortages of skilled labor for company projects could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase its costs. the products that the company sells or manufactures may expose the company to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. although the company maintains liability insurance, the company cannot be certain that its coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to the company on economically reasonable terms, or at all. further, any product liability claim or damage caused by the company could significantly impair the company's brand and reputation, which may result in a failure to maintain customers and achieve the company's desired growth initiatives in these new businesses.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k of nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, or securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or exchange act. the words "believes," "projects," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause nrg's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors, risks and uncertainties include the factors described under item 1a - risk factors and the following:
•nrg's ability to obtain and maintain retail market share;
•nrg's ability to engage in successful sales and divestitures, as well as mergers and acquisitions activity;
•nrg's ability to achieve the expected benefits of its transformation plan;
•general economic conditions, changes in the wholesale power markets and fluctuations in the cost of fuel;
•volatile power supply costs and demand for power;
•changes in law, including judicial decisions;
•hazards customary to the power production industry and power generation operations, such as fuel and electricity price volatility, unusual weather conditions, catastrophic weather-related or other damage to facilities, unscheduled generation outages, maintenance or repairs, unanticipated changes to fuel supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, transportation problems or other developments, environmental incidents, or electric transmission or gas pipeline system constraints and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses as a result of such hazards;
•the effectiveness of nrg's risk management policies and procedures and the ability of nrg's counterparties to satisfy their financial commitments;
•counterparties' collateral demands and other factors affecting nrg's liquidity position and financial condition;
•nrg's ability to operate its businesses efficiently and generate earnings and cash flows from its asset-based businesses in relation to its debt and other obligations;
•nrg's ability to enter into contracts to sell power and procure fuel on acceptable terms and prices;
•the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale markets for energy commodities;
•government regulation, including changes in market rules, rates, tariffs and environmental laws;
•price mitigation strategies and other market structures employed by isos or rtos that result in a failure to adequately and fairly compensate nrg's generation units;
•nrg's ability to mitigate forced outage risk for units subject to capacity performance requirements in pjm, performance incentives in iso-ne, and scarcity pricing in ercot;
•nrg's ability to borrow funds and access capital markets, as well as nrg's substantial indebtedness and the possibility that nrg may incur additional indebtedness in the future;
•operating and financial restrictions placed on nrg and its subsidiaries that are contained in the indentures governing nrg's senior notes, senior secured notes, and senior credit facility, and in debt and other agreements of certain of nrg subsidiaries and project affiliates generally;
•cyber terrorism and inadequate cybersecurity, or the occurrence of a catastrophic loss and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards or the inability of nrg's insurers to provide coverage;
•nrg's ability to develop and build new power generation facilities;
•nrg's ability to develop and innovate new products, as retail and wholesale markets continue to change and evolve;
•nrg's ability to implement its strategy of finding ways to meet the challenges of climate change, clean air and protecting natural resources, while taking advantage of business opportunities;
•nrg's ability to increase cash from operations through operational and commercial initiatives, corporate efficiencies, asset strategy, and a range of other programs throughout nrg to reduce costs or generate revenues;
•nrg's ability to successfully evaluate investments and achieve intended financial results in new business and growth initiatives;
•nrg's ability to successfully integrate, realize cost savings and manage any acquired businesses; and
•nrg's ability to develop and maintain successful partnering relationships as needed.
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and nrg energy, inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. the foregoing review of factors that could cause nrg's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k should not be construed as exhaustive.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis below has been organized as follows:
•executive summary, including the business environment in which the company, operates, a discussion of regulation, weather, competition and other factors that affect the business, transformation plan update, and other significant events that are important to understanding the results of operations and financial condition;
•results of operations for years ending december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, including an explanation of significant differences between the periods in the specific line items of nrg's consolidated statements of operations;
•financial condition addressing credit ratings, liquidity position, sources and uses of cash, capital resources and requirements, commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements; and
•critical accounting policies that are most important to both the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments.
as you read this discussion and analysis, refer to nrg's consolidated statements of operations to this form 10-k, which presents the results of the company's operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, and also refer to item 1 to this form 10-k for more detailed discussion about the company's business. a discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2017 may be found in part ii, item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018.
as further described in item 15 - note 4,  acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements, the company determined in prior years that the following businesses were discontinued operations and recast to present their results in the corporate segment:
•south central portfolio
•nrg yield, inc. and its renewables platform
•carlsbad
•genon executive summary nrg is an integrated power company built on dynamic retail brands with diverse generation assets. nrg brings the power of energy to customers by producing and selling electricity and related products and services in major competitive power markets in the u.s. and canada in a manner that delivers value to all of nrg's stakeholders. the company sells energy, services, and innovative, sustainable products and services directly to retail customers under the brand names nrg, reliant, green mountain energy, stream and xoom energy, as well as other brand names owned by nrg, supported by approximately 23,000 mw of generation as of december 31, 2019.
business environment the industry dynamics and external influences affecting the company and its businesses, and the power generation and retail energy industry in 2019 and for the future medium term include:
commodities markets - the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates. natural gas prices are driven by variables including demand from the industrial, residential, and electric sectors, productivity across natural gas supply basins, costs of natural gas production, changes in pipeline infrastructure, and the financial and hedging profile of natural gas customers and producers. in 2019, the average natural gas prices at henry hub was 15.0% lower than in 2018.
if long-term gas prices increase, the company is likely to encounter higher realized energy prices, leading to higher energy revenues as lower priced hedge contracts mature and are replaced by contracts with higher gas and power prices. this impact is partially offset by the retail business, as nrg's retail gross margins have historically decreased as natural gas prices increase.
nrg's retail gross margins have historically improved as natural gas prices decline. this would be partially offset by lower realized energy prices, leading to lower energy revenues as higher priced hedge contracts mature and are replaced by contracts with lower gas and power prices. to further mitigate this impact, nrg may increase its percentage of coal and nuclear capacity sold forward using a variety of hedging instruments, as described under the heading "energy-related commodities" in item 15 - note 6, accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, to the consolidated financial statements.
natural gas prices are a primary driver of coal demand. the low-priced commodity environment has stressed coal equities, leading coal suppliers to file for bankruptcy protection, launch debt exchanges, rationalize assets, and cut production. if multiple parties withdraw from the market, liquidity could be challenged in the short term. inventory overhang will be utilized to offset production losses. coal prices are typically affected by the price of natural gas.
electricity prices - the price of electricity is a key determinant of the profitability of the company. many variables such as the price of different fuels, weather, load growth and unit availability all coalesce to impact the final price for electricity and the company's profitability. an increase in supply cost volatility in the competitive retail markets may result in smaller companies choosing to exit the market, which may result in further consolidation in the competitive retail space. the following table summarizes average on-peak power prices for each of the major markets in which nrg operates for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018. ercot power prices were higher primarily due to the continued effect of lower reserve margins as a result of asset retirements in the region. power prices in east region decreased for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the same period in 2018.
average on-peak power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31                                          2019 vs 2018
region                                 2019                        2018                               change %
texas (a)
ercot - houston(a)               $51.44                      $37.29                                    38    %
ercot - north(a)                  50.80                       36.26                                    40    %
east/west miso - louisiana hub(b)           30.58                       43.70                                  (30)    %
ny j/nyc(b)                       33.73                       47.19                                  (29)    %
nepool(b)                         34.89                       49.96                                  (30)    %
comed (pjm)(b)                    28.28                       34.60                                  (18)    %
pjm west hub(b)                   30.85                       41.66                                  (26)    %
caiso - sp15(b)                   38.15                       47.33                                  (19)    %
(a) average on-peak power prices based on real time settlement prices as published by the respective isos
(b) average on-peak power prices based on day-ahead settlement prices as published by the respective isos the following table summarizes average realized power prices for each region in which nrg operates, including the impact of settled hedges, for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018:
average realized power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31                  2019 vs 2018
region                      2019   2018                                           change %
texas                $46.58                          $37.12                            25   %
east/west             35.03        37.00                                          (5)       %
the average realized power prices for december 31, 2019, as compared to the same period in 2018, increased in texas as a result of higher power prices, and decreased in east/west as a result of the roll off of hedges.
clean infrastructure development - policy mechanisms at the state and federal level, including production and investment tax credits, cash grants, loan guarantees, accelerated depreciation tax benefits, rps, and carbon trading plans, have supported and continue to support the development of renewable generation, demand-side and smart grid, and other clean infrastructure technologies. in addition, the costs associated with the development of clean infrastructure, such as wind and solar generating facilities, continue to decline. these factors continue to drive increases in the development of clean infrastructure in the markets where the company participates, which may impact the ability of the company's generating facilities to participate in those markets. according to ercot, inc., more than 30% of 2019 energy consumption in the ercot market was generated from carbon-free resources with wind power contributing 20%. in addition, subsidies and incentives have contributed to the increase in renewable power sources, and customer awareness and preferences have shifted toward sustainable solutions. increased demand for sustainable energy products from both residential and commercial customers creates opportunities for diversified product offerings in competitive retail markets.
digitization and customization - the electric industry is experiencing major technology changes in the way power is distributed and used by end-use customers. the electric grid is shifting from a centralized analog system, where power is generated from limited sources and flows in one direction, to a decentralized multidirectional system, where power can be generated from a number of distributed resources and stored or dispatched on an as-needed basis. in addition, customers are seeking new ways to engage with their power providers. technologies like smart thermostats, appliances and electric vehicles are giving individuals more choice and control over their electricity usage.
weather - weather conditions in the regions of the u.s. in which nrg does business influence the company's financial results. weather conditions can affect the supply and demand for electricity and fuels and may also impact the availability of the company's generating assets. changes in energy supply and demand may impact the price of these energy commodities in both the spot and forward markets, which may affect the company's results in any given period. typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and the winter seasons, when temperatures are more extreme. the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. however, all regions of the u.s. typically do not experience extreme weather conditions at the same time, thus nrg's operations are typically not exposed to the effects of extreme weather in all parts of its business at once. a significant portion of the company's business is located within texas, and extreme weather conditions occurring in texas may have a material impact on the company's financial position.
other factors - a number of other factors significantly influence the level and volatility of prices for energy commodities and related derivative products for nrg's business. these factors include:
•seasonal, daily and hourly changes in demand;
•extreme peak demands;
•available supply resources;
•transportation and transmission availability and reliability within and between regions;
•location of nrg's generating facilities relative to the location of its load-serving opportunities;
•procedures used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during extreme conditions; and
•changes in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations.
these factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in different ways and to different degrees. these effects may vary throughout the country as a result of regional differences in:
•weather conditions;
•market liquidity;
•capability and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems;
•local transportation systems; and
•the nature and extent of electricity deregulation.
environmental matters, regulatory matters and legal proceedings - details of environmental matters are presented in item 15 - note 25, environmental matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1- business, environmental matters. details of regulatory matters are presented in item 15 - note 24, regulatory matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1- business, regulatory matters. details of legal proceedings are presented in item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements. some of this information relates to costs that may be material to the company's financial results.
transformation plan nrg has substantially completed its three-year transformation plan and expects to fully complete the remaining margin enhancement activities by the end of 2020. the transformation plan's targets and the company's achievements towards such targets are as follows:
operations and cost excellence the company targeted recurring cost savings and margin enhancement of $1,065 million, which consists of $590 million of cumulative cost savings, a $215 million net margin enhancement program, $50 million annual reduction in maintenance capital expenditures, and $210 million in permanent selling, general and administrative expense reduction associated with asset sales. the company realized annual cost savings of $532 million and $32 million of margin enhancements during 2018 and $590 million of cost savings and $135 million of margin enhancements during 2019.
under the transformation plan, by december 31, 2019, the company fully realized $370 million of non-recurring working capital improvements and $278 million of one-time costs to achieve.
portfolio optimization the company targeted and completed $3.0 billion of asset sale cash proceeds received through december 31, 2019 as described below:
•in 2017 and 2018, nrg executed asset sales for aggregate cash of $1.6 billion, which includes the sale of its interest in nrg yield, inc and its renewables platform, betm, buckthorn solar, and various other assets.
•on february 4, 2019, nrg sold the south central portfolio, a 3,555 mw portfolio of generation assets, for cash consideration of $1.0 billion, excluding working capital and other adjustments
•on february 20, 2019, nrg completed the sale of guam for cash consideration of approximately $8 million
•on february 27, 2019, nrg sold the carlsbad project, a 528 mw natural gas-fired power plant, for cash consideration of $385 million, excluding working capital and other adjustments capital structure and allocation as of december 31, 2018, the company achieved the planned credit ratio of 3.0x net debt / adjusted ebitda(a). during the first quarter of 2019, the company revised its credit metrics target in order to further strengthen its balance sheet and improve credit ratings by reducing leverage.
(a) adjusted ebitda as defined per the senior credit facility other significant events the following additional significant events occurred during 2019:
stream energy acquisition
•on august 1, 2019, the company completed the acquisition of stream energy's retail electricity and natural gas business operating in 9 states and washington, d.c. for $329 million, including working capital and other adjustments of approximately $29 million. the acquisition increased nrg's retail portfolio by approximately 600,000 rces or 450,000 customers.
financing activities
•on may 14, 2019, nrg issued $733 million of aggregate principal amount at par of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2029. the proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 senior notes were utilized to redeem the remaining company's $733 million of 6.25% senior notes due 2024.
•on may 28, 2019, nrg amended its existing credit agreement to, among other things, provide for a $184 million increase in revolving commitments, resulting in aggregate revolving commitments under the amended credit agreement equal to $2.6 billion. see note 13, debt and finance leases, for further discussion.
•on may 28, 2019, nrg issued $1.1 billion of aggregate principal amount of senior secured first lien notes, consisting of $600 million 3.75% senior secured first lien notes due 2024 and $500 million 4.45% senior secured first lien notes due 2029, or the senior secured notes, at a discount. the proceeds from the issuance of the senior secured notes, as well as cash on hand, were used to repay the company's $1.7 billion 2023 term loan facility, resulting in a decrease of $594 million to long-term debt outstanding.
share repurchases
•in 2018, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase $1.5 billion of its common stock. $1.25 billion was executed in 2018 with the remaining $0.25 billion completed in the first quarter of 2019.
•in 2019, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase an additional $1.25 billion of its common stock, which was completed as of february 27, 2020.
renewable power purchase agreements
•during 2019, nrg began execution of its strategy to procure mid to long-term generation through power purchase agreements. as of december 31, 2019, nrg has entered into ppas totaling approximately 1,600 mws with third-party project developers and other counterparties. the tenor of these agreements is an average of ten years. the company expects to continue evaluating and executing similar agreements that support the needs of the business.
dividend increase
•beginning in the first quarter of 2020, nrg increased the annual dividend to $1.20 per share from $0.12 per share and expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets
•during the year ended december 31, 2019, nrg released the majority of its valuation allowance against its u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets, resulting in a non-cash benefit to income tax expense of approximately $3.5 billion. refer to item 15 - note 20, income taxes, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the release in valuation allowance.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except otherwise noted)                                                                              2019                            2018                    change operating revenues energy revenue (a)                                                                                          $1,222                          $1,548                    $(326)
capacity revenue (a)                                                                                           607                             670                      (63)
retail revenue                                                                                               7,676                           7,105                       571
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                                  33                           (130)                       163
other revenues (b)                                                                                             283                             285                       (2)
total operating revenues                                                                                     9,821                           9,478                       343
operating costs and expenses cost of sales (b)                                                                                            5,878                           5,878                         -
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                                  53                           (144)                     (197)
contract and emissions credit amortization (c)                                                                  19                              27                         8
operations and maintenance                                                                                   1,082                           1,083                         1
other cost of operations                                                                                       271                             264                       (7)
total cost of operations                                                                                     7,303                           7,108                     (195)
depreciation and amortization                                                                                  373                             421                        48
impairment losses                                                                                                5                              99                        94
selling, general and administrative                                                                            827                             799                      (28)
reorganization costs                                                                                            23                              90                        67
development costs                                                                                                7                              11                         4
total operating costs and expenses                                                                           8,538                           8,528                      (10)
gain on sale of assets                                                                                           7                              32                      (25)
operating income                                                                                             1,290                             982                       308
other income/(expense)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                                  2                               9                       (7)
impairment losses on investments                                                                             (108)                            (15)                      (93)
other income, net                                                                                               66                              18                        48
net loss on debt extinguishment                                                                               (51)                            (44)                       (7)
interest expense                                                                                             (413)                           (483)                        70
total other expenses                                                                                         (504)                           (515)                        11
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                                          786                             467                       319
income tax (benefit)/expense                                                                               (3,334)                               7                   (3,341)
income from continuing operations                                                                            4,120                             460                     3,660
income/(loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax                                                  321                           (192)                       513
net income                                                                                                   4,441                             268                     4,173
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests                3                               -                         3
net income attributable to nrg energy, inc.                                                                 $4,438                            $268                    $4,170
business metrics average natural gas price - henry hub ($/mmbtu)                                                              $2.63                           $3.09                      (15)    %
(a)includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions
(b)includes unrealized trading gains and losses
(c)includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi credits economic gross margin in addition to gross margin, the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. economic gross margin should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for the company's presentation of gross margin, which is the most directly comparable gaap measure. economic gross margin is not intended to represent gross margin. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of energy revenue, capacity revenue and other revenue, less cost of fuels and other cost of sales. economic gross margin does not include mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization, emission credit amortization, or other operating costs.
the tables below present the composition and reconciliation of gross margin and economic gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 based on the company's reporting segments as of december 31, 2019:
year ended december 31, 2019
generation
(in millions, except otherwise noted)                             retail                               texas                     east/west/other(a)                     subtotal               corporate/eliminations                            total energy revenue                                                    $-                              $1,987                              $733                           $2,720                    $(1,498)                                     $1,222
capacity revenue                                                  -                                    -                               606                              606                                    1             607
retail revenue                                                    7,680                                -                                 -                                -                    (4)                                           7,676
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    -                                  198                                36                              234                    (201)                         33
other revenue                                                     -                                   90                               197                              287                    (4)                           283
operating revenue                                                 7,680                            2,275                             1,572                            3,847                    (1,706)                                       9,821
cost of fuel                                                      -                                (723)                             (384)                          (1,107)                    (54)                                        (1,161)
other costs of sales(b)                                           (5,821)                          (168)                             (283)                            (451)                    1,555                                       (4,717)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    (267)                               10                                 3                               13                                  201                              (53)
contract and emission credit amortization                         -                                 (19)                                 -                             (19)                    -                                              (19)
gross margin                                                      $1,592                          $1,375                              $908                           $2,283                    $(4)                                         $3,871
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net         (267)                              208                                39                              247                    -                                              (20)
less: contract and emission credit amortization                   -                                 (19)                                 -                             (19)                    -                                              (19)
economic gross margin                                             $1,859                          $1,186                              $869                           $2,055                    $(4)                                         $3,910
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)                                                                              42,662                            20,924
mwh generated (thousands)                                                                         37,994                            16,375
(a) includes renewables and eliminations within generation
(b) includes purchased energy, capacity and emissions credits year ended december 31, 2018
generation
(in millions, except otherwise noted)                             retail                                        texas                           east/west/other(a)(b)                            subtotal                          corporate/eliminations                               total energy revenue                                                    $-                                     $1,585                                      $1,092                                  $2,677                                    $(1,129)                                  $1,548
capacity revenue                                                  -                 1                                                                   669                                     670                                           -                                     670
retail revenue                                                    7,110                                       -                                           -                                       -                                         (5)                                   7,105
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    (7)                                     (174)                                        (28)                                   (202)                                          79                                   (130)
other revenue                                                     -                 84                                                                  214                                     298                                        (13)                                     285
operating revenue                                                 7,103                                   1,496                                       1,947                                   3,443                                     (1,068)                                   9,478
cost of fuel                                                      -                                       (734)                                       (557)                                 (1,291)                                        (44)                                 (1,335)
other costs of sales(c)                                           (5,308)                                 (133)                                       (275)                                   (408)                                       1,173                                 (4,543)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    260               2                                                                  (39)                                    (37)                                        (79)                                     144
contract and emission credit amortization                         -                                        (26)                                         (1)                                    (27)                                           -                                    (27)
gross margin                                                      $2,055                                   $605                                      $1,075                                  $1,680                                       $(18)                                  $3,717
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net         253                                     (172)                                        (67)                                   (239)                                           -                                      14
less: contract and emission credit amortization                   -                                        (26)                                         (1)                                    (27)                                           -                                    (27)
economic gross margin                                             $1,802                                   $803                                      $1,143                                  $1,946                                       $(18)                                  $3,730
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)                                                                                     42,701                                      24,988
mwh generated (thousands)                                                                                38,214                                      21,089
(a) includes renewables and eliminations within generation
(b) includes agua, betm and ivanpah which were sold or deconsolidated as of august, july and april 2018, respectively
(c) includes purchased energy, capacity and emissions credits the table below represents the weather metrics for 2019 and 2018:
years ended december 31,                                                                                  quarters ended december 31,                                                                            quarters ended september 30,                              quarters ended june 30,                                quarters ended march 31, weather metrics                texas                        east/west/other                    texas                  east/west/other                         texas                        east/west/other                  texas                  east/west/other                         texas                      east/west/other
2019
cdds(a)                   3,115                               1,715                          266                          123                            1,840                               1,102                        934                          458                               75                                32
hdds(a)                   1,868                               3,004                          757                        1,091                                -                                  16                         70                          283                            1,041                             1,614
2018
cdds                      3,130                               1,793                          228                          120                            1,657                               1,099                      1,101                          521                              144                                53
hdds                      1,875                               2,973                          815                        1,112                                1                                  18                         91                          325                              968                             1,518
10 year average cdds                      3,053                               1,675                          266                          125                            1,672                               1,021                      1,009                          487                              106                                42
hdds                      1,742                               2,946                          705                        1,068                                6                                  28                         60                          310                              971                             1,540
(a) national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day, or cdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day, or hdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period.
retail gross margin and economic gross margin the following is a discussion of gross margin and economic gross margin for retail.
years ended december 31,
(in millions, except otherwise noted)                                        2019                             2018
retail revenue                                                       $7,369                              $6,775
supply management revenue                                               215                                 174
capacity revenues                                                        96                                 161
customer mark-to-market                                                   -                                 (7)
operating revenue (a)                                                 7,680                               7,103
cost of sales (b)                                                   (5,821)                             (5,308)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                        (267)                                 260
gross margin                                                         $1,592                              $2,055
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net             (267)                                 253
economic gross margin                                                $1,859                              $1,802
business metrics mass electricity sales volume (gwh) - texas                          38,958                              37,846
mass electricity sales volume (gwh) - all other regions               9,918                               7,968
c&amp;i electricity sales volume (gwh) all regions (b)               20,190                              21,176
natural gas sales volumes (mdth)                                     23,359                              11,253
average retail mass customer count (in thousands)                     3,470                               3,063
ending retail mass customer count (in thousands)                      3,678                               3,320
(a)includes intercompany sales of $4 million and $5 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively, representing sales from retail to the texas region of generation
(b)includes intercompany purchases of $1,554 million and $1,163 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively retail gross margin decreased $463 million and retail economic gross margin increased $57 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018, due to:
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to weather driven by a decrease in load of 144,000 mwh, unfavorable impact of purchasing incremental supply during extreme weather conditions in summer 2019 at escalated prices above $1,000/mwh and the impact of selling back excess supply in 2019 as compared to 2018                  $(34)
lower gross margin from demand response activities due to lower auction clearing prices and fewer mw sold in pjm in 2019 compared to 2018                                                                                                                                                                           (29)
higher gross margin from mass due to higher revenues primarily driven by margin enhancement initiatives of approximately $4.50 per mwh or $278 million, partially offset by higher supply costs driven by an increase in power prices of approximately $4.40 per mwh or $272 million                                   6
higher gross margin driven by higher volume from xoom and stream acquisitions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        114
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $57
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                                                          (520)
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $(463)
generation gross margin and economic gross margin generation gross margin increased $603 million and generation economic gross margin increased $109 million, both of which include intercompany sales, during the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018.
the tables below describe the change in generation gross margin and generation economic gross margin:
texas region
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to a 25% increase in average realized prices due to heat rate expansion                                                                                                                                    $285
higher gross margin due to a 6% increase in generation volumes driven by a planned outage at stp and a forced outage at t.h. wharton in 2018, partially offset by current year forced outages at coal facilities                     44
higher gross margin due to gregory return to service in june 2019                                                                                                                                                                    38
higher gross margin from commercial optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                          28
higher gross margin due to margin enhancement initiatives from reduced fuel supply cost                                                                                                                                              13
lower gross margin due to lower sales of nox emission credits                                                                                                                                                                      (23)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (2)
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                  $383
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                           380
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                                                                                 7
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                           $770
east/west region
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to the sale of betm, keystone and conemaugh in the third quarter of 2018, the sale of guam in the first quarter of 2019 and the retirement of encina in december 2018                $(122)
lower gross margin due to ivanpah and agua deconsolidations in april 2018 and august 2018, respectively                                                                                                      (118)
lower gross margin due to a 17% decrease in economic generation volumes due to dark spread and spark spread contractions and outages in 2019                                                                  (56)
lower gross margin driven by a decrease in new york realized capacity                                                                                                                                         (29)
lower gross margin from commercial optimization activities                                                                                                                                                    (16)
lower gross margin due to insurance proceeds from outages in 2018, partially offset by business interruption proceeds                                                                                          (6)
higher gross margin mainly due to 7% increase in weighted average realized prices, primarily at midwest generation                                                                                              38
higher gross margin due to lower supply costs coupled with an increase in load contract volumes                                                                                                                 21
higher gross margin due to a 10% increase in pjm capacity prices and a 42% increase in west capacity prices, partially offset by an 8% decrease in new england capacity prices                                  15
other                                                                                                                                                                                                          (1)
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                           $(274)
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                      106
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                                                            1
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                    $(167)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results decreased by $34 million during the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by region was as follows:
year ended december 31, 2019
generation
(in millions)                                                                                                     retail                             texas                     east/west/other               elimination (a)                             total mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on settled positions related to economic hedges               $1                              $187                             $30                       $(171)                                    $47
net unrealized (losses)/gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                        (1)                               11       6                                               (30)                                     (14)
total mark-to-market gains in operating revenues                                                                  $-                              $198                             $36                       $(201)                                    $33
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges       $(293)                            $5                              $2                       $171                                   $(115)
reversal of acquired loss positions related to economic hedges.                                                   6                                  -                               -                       -                                           6
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                                 20                                 5       1                                   30                                                     56
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating costs and expenses                                               $(267)                           $10                              $3                       $201                                    $(53)
(a) represents the elimination of the intercompany activity between retail and generation the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by region was as follows:
year ended december 31, 2018
generation
(in millions)                                                                                                     retail                     texas                       east/west/other                     elimination (a)                             total mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges       $(2)                       $32                         $(3)                                $(104)                                  $(77)
net unrealized (losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                              (5)                        (206)                       (25)                    183                                                  (53)
total mark-to-market (losses) in operating revenues                                                               $(7)                       $(174)                      $(28)                               $79                                    $(130)
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges       $(81)                      $(6)                        $(13)                               $104                                       $4
reversal of acquired gain positions related to economic hedges.                                                   (10)                       -                           -                                   -                                        (10)
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                        351            8                                       (26)                                (183)                   150
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating costs and expenses                                               $260                       $2                          $(39)                               $(79)                                    $144
(a) represents the elimination of the intercompany activity between retail and generation mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses on contracts that are yet to be settled. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same revenue or cost caption as the items being hedged.
the reversals of acquired gain or loss positions were valued based upon the forward prices on the acquisition date.
for the year ended december 31, 2019 the $33 million gain in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on contracts that settled during the period. the $53 million loss in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains, partially offset by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of gains on ercot heat rate positions due to heat rate expansion.
for the year ended december 31, 2018 the $130 million loss in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period, as well as a decrease in value of open positions as a result of losses on ercot heat rate positions due to heat rate expansion. the $144 million gain in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of increases in ercot heat rate, partially offset by the reversal of acquired gain positions.
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in operating revenue. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy.
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                      2019                          2018
trading gains realized                       $57                           $77
unrealized                      20                            17
total trading gains            $77                           $94
operations and maintenance expenses operations and maintenance expenses are comprised of the following:
generation                                                         corporate          eliminations
(in millions)                             retail   texas                     east/west/other (a)                                         total year ended december 31, 2019           $242        $441                      $393                          $9   $(3)              $1,082
year ended december 31, 2018           $209        $437                      $440                          $3   $(6)              $1,083
(a) includes renewables and eliminations within generation operations and maintenance expenses decreased by $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase primarily related to the lease of the cottonwood facility from february 4, 2019                                                        $37
increase in investments in texas plants in preparation for summer operations                                                                     21
increase due to xoom and stream energy acquisitions in june 2018 and august 2019, respectively                                                   21
increase in operations and maintenance expenses due to margin enhancement initiatives                                                             8
increase in outages primarily due to both planned and forced outages in 2019, partially offset by planned stp outages in 2018                     3
decrease due to the final settlement of the asbestos liability and resulting reduction of the accrual for midwest generation                   (27)
decrease due to the deconsolidations of ivanpah and agua caliente in 2018                                                                      (20)
decrease in variable chemical costs due to reduction in east generation volumes                                                                (18)
decrease due to retirement of encina and the sale of keystone and conemaugh in 2018                                                            (14)
decrease due to payments in settlement of certain legal matters in 2018                                                                        (13)
other                                                                                                                                             1
increase in operations and maintenance expense                                                                                                 $(1)
other cost of operations other cost of operations are comprised of the following:
generation
(in millions)                             retail   texas                east/west/other                        total year ended december 31, 2019           $120        $76                  $75                                 $271
year ended december 31, 2018           $109        $76                  $79                                 $264
other cost of operations increased by $7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase in aro accretion expense due to encina decommissioning and jewett mine accretion in 2019, partially offset by a decrease due to prior year write-off of s.r. bertron                   $15
increase in gross receipts tax due to the stream energy acquisition and higher revenue from increased rates and customer counts                                                                  10
decrease due to deconsolidation of ivanpah and agua caliente in 2018                                                                                                                            (8)
decrease due to resolution of favorable property tax disputes                                                                                                                                   (7)
decrease in other cost of operations due to cost efficiencies as a result of the transformation plan                                                                                            (5)
other                                                                                                                                                                                             2
increase in other cost of operations                                                                                                                                                             $7
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses are comprised of the following:
generation         corporate
(in millions)                             retail                                             total year ended december 31, 2019           $157             $185               $31            $373
year ended december 31, 2018           $116             $272               $33            $421
depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018, due to the deconsolidations of ivanpah and agua caliente in april and august 2018, respectively, and the sale of the cottonwood facility in february 2019, partially offset by the acquisitions of stream energy and xoom.
impairment losses for the year ended december 31, 2019 the company recorded an impairment loss of $5 million compared to impairment losses of $99 million for the same period in 2018, as further described in item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             retail        generation         corporate         total year ended december 31, 2019           $576             $227               $24            $827
year ended december 31, 2018           $538             $215               $46            $799
selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $28 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase in selling and marketing expenses for margin enhancement initiatives                                                            $56
increase in selling expense due to the acquisitions of xoom and stream energy in june 2018 and august 2019, respectively                  31
increase in bad debt expense primarily due to higher customer attrition and increased revenue due to acquisitions                         10
decrease in general and administrative expense from cost efficiencies as a result of the transformation plan                            (51)
decrease due to the sale of betm in 2018                                                                                                (19)
other                                                                                                                                      1
increase in selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                                 $28
reorganization costs reorganization costs, primarily related to severance and contract modifications, decreased by $67 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018. the company has substantially completed its three-year transformation plan and expects this expense to decrease further as we complete the implementation by the end of 2020.
gain on sale of assets gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2019 represents a gain on the sale of an investment, while the gain for the year ended december 31, 2018 represents gains on the sales of betm and canal 3.
impairment losses on investments for the year ended december 31, 2019, the company recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses of $108 million, compared to $15 million recorded in the same period in 2018, as further described in item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
other income, net other income increased by $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to the loss on deconsolidation of ivanpah in 2018.
loss on debt extinguishment a loss on debt extinguishment of $51 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2019, driven by the redemption of the senior notes, due 2024, and the repayment of the 2023 term loan facility.
a loss on debt extinguishment of $44 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily driven by the redemption of senior notes, due 2022, at a price above par value.
interest expense interest expense decreased by $70 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to the same period in 2018, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease related to the debt reduction of $1.2 billion and refinancing $2.4 billion of debt at lower interest rates in 2019 and 2018                                                                        $(66)
decrease related to the deconsolidations of ivanpah and agua caliente in 2018                                                                                                                                (27)
increase in derivative interest expense due to the termination of interest rate swaps in 2019 of $39 million partially offset by settlement of in-the-money interest rate swaps of $25 million                 14
increase due to california property tax indemnification accretion                                                                                                                                               7
increase due to the amortization of the premium on the convertible senior notes due 2048 that were issued in the second quarter of 2018                                                                         5
other                                                                                                                                                                                                         (3)
decrease in interest expense                                                                                                                                                                                $(70)
income tax (benefit)/expense for the year ended december 31, 2019, nrg recorded an income tax benefit of $3.3 billion on pre-tax income of $786 million. for the same period in 2018, nrg recorded income tax expense of $7 million on pre-tax income of $467 million. the effective tax rate was (424.2)% and 1.5% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the large benefit for the year ended december 31, 2019 is due to a $3.5 billion release of the company's valuation allowance. refer to the section entitled critical accounting policies and estimates - income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and item 15 - note 20, income taxes, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the release in valuation allowance.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, nrg's overall effective tax rate was different than the federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to a tax benefit from the release of the valuation allowance.
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except effective income tax rate)                         2019                          2018
income from continuing operations before income taxes              $786                          $467
tax at federal statutory tax rate                                   165                            98
state taxes                                                          13                            18
deferred impact of state tax rate changes                            12                             -
valuation allowance - current period activities                 (3,492)                         (106)
permanent differences                                               (9)                             7
production tax credits                                                -                           (7)
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                              (10)                             1
alternative minimum tax ("amt") refundable credit                     -                           (4)
other                                                              (13)                             -
income tax (benefit)/expense                                   $(3,334)                            $7
effective income tax rate                                       (424.2)    %                      1.5    %
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740, income taxes, or asc 740. these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
income/(loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                   2019                            2018                  change south central                                                               $28                             $66                   $(38)
yield renewables platform &amp; carlsbad                                    296                           (292)        588
genon                                                                       (3)                              34                    (37)
income/(loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax                     $321                          $(192)                    $513
refer to item 15 - note 4,  acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity position as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, nrg's liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, was approximately $2.1 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively, comprised of the following:
as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                                           2019                            2018
cash and cash equivalents:                                                         $345                            $563
restricted cash - operating                                                           4                               6
restricted cash - reserves (a)                                                        4                              11
total                                                                               353                             580
total credit facility availability                                                1,794                           1,397
total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties          $2,147                          $1,977
(a)includes reserves primarily for debt service, performance obligations, and capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2019, total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, increased by $170 million. changes in cash and cash equivalent balances are further discussed hereinafter under the heading cash flow discussion. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2019 were predominantly held in money market funds invested in treasury securities, treasury repurchase agreements or government agency debt.
management believes that the company's liquidity position and cash flows from operations will be adequate to finance operating and maintenance capital expenditures, to fund dividends to nrg's common stockholders, and to fund other liquidity commitments. management continues to regularly monitor the company's ability to finance the needs of its operating, financing and investing activity within the dictates of prudent balance sheet management.
credit ratings on december 13, 2019, moody's upgraded the nrg corporate family rating to ba1 and senior unsecured rating to ba2. the agency affirmed the company's senior secured rating at baa3.
the following table summarizes the company's current credit ratings:
s&amp;p   moody's nrg energy, inc.       bb positive   ba1 positive
3.75% senior secured notes, due 2024              bbb-   baa3
7.25% senior notes, due 2026                bb   ba2
6.625% senior notes, due 2027                bb   ba2
5.75% senior notes, due 2028                bb   ba2
4.45% senior secured notes, due 2029              bbb-   baa3
5.25% senior notes, due 2029                bb   ba2
revolving credit facility, due 2024              bbb-   baa3
liquidity the principal sources of liquidity for nrg's operating and capital expenditures are expected to be derived from cash on hand, cash flows from operations and financing arrangements. as described in item 15 - note 13, debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements, the company's financing arrangements consist mainly of the senior credit facility, the senior notes and the senior secured notes.
the company's requirements for liquidity and capital resources, other than for operating its facilities, can generally be categorized by the following: (i) commercial operations activities; (ii) debt service obligations, as described more fully in item 15 - note 13, debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements; (iii) capital expenditures, including environmental; and (iv) allocations in connection with return of capital and dividend payments to shareholders as described in item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements, acquisition opportunities, and debt repayments.
issuance of 2029 senior notes on may 14, 2019, nrg issued $733 million of aggregate principal amount at par of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2029. the proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 senior notes were utilized to redeem the company's remaining $733 million of 6.25% senior notes due 2024.
issuance of 2024 and 2029 senior secured notes on may 28, 2019, nrg issued $1.1 billion of aggregate principal amount of senior secured first lien notes, consisting of $600 million 3.75% senior secured first lien notes due 2024 and $500 million 4.45% senior secured first lien notes due 2029, at a discount. the proceeds from the issuance of the senior secured notes, together with cash on hand, were used to repay the company's 2023 term loan facility.
2023 term loan facility on may 28, 2019, the company repaid its $1.7 billion 2023 term loan facility using the proceeds from the issuance of the senior secured notes, as well as cash on hand, resulting in a decrease of $594 million to long-term debt outstanding. the company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of $17 million, which included the write-off of previously deferred debt issuance costs of $13 million. as a result of the repayment of the outstanding 2023 term loan facility, the company terminated the related interest rate swap agreements, which were in-the-money, and received $25 million that was recorded as a reduction to interest expense.
revolving credit facility modification on may 28, 2019, the company amended its existing credit agreement to, among other things, (i) provide for a $184 million increase in revolving commitments, resulting in aggregate revolving commitments under the amended credit agreement equal to $2.6 billion, (ii) extend the maturity date of the revolving loans and commitments under the amended credit agreement to may 28, 2024, (iii) provide for a release of the collateral securing the amended credit agreement if nrg obtains an investment grade rating from two out of the three rating agencies, subject to an obligation to reinstate the collateral if such rating agencies withdraw nrg's investment grade rating or downgrade nrg's rating below investment grade, (iv) reduce the applicable margins for borrowings under (a) abr revolving loans from 1.25% to 0.75% and (b) eurodollar revolving loans from 2.25% to 1.75%, (v) add a sustainability-linked pricing metric that permits an interest rate adjustment tied to nrg meeting targets related to environmental sustainability and (vi) make certain other changes to the existing covenants. as of december 31, 2019, $83 million of borrowings were outstanding under the revolving credit facility.
agua caliente borrower i - non-recourse debt on october 21, 2019, the company repaid the outstanding amount on the agua caliente borrower i notes at 102% plus accrued interest through the payment date.
balance sheet target ratio nrg revised its credit metrics target to 2.5x -2.75x net debt / adjusted ebitda(a) in the first quarter of 2019 in order to further strengthen its balance sheet and improve credit ratings by reducing leverage. as discussed above, during the second quarter of 2019, the company reduced total outstanding debt by $594 million with the repayment of the 2023 term loan facility.
petra nova debt repayment during the third quarter of 2019, nrg contributed approximately $95 million in cash to petra nova and posted a $12 million letter of credit to cover certain project debt reserve requirements. the cash portion of the contribution was used by petra nova to prepay a significant portion of the project debt. as a result, the financial guarantees previously provided by nrg were canceled and the remaining project debt became non-recourse to nrg.
(a) adjusted ebitda as defined per the senior credit facility debt service obligations principal payments on debt as of december 31, 2019 are due in the following periods:
(in millions)
description                                     2020                     2021                2022                2023                  2024                 thereafter                    total recourse debt:
senior notes, due 2026                          $-                      $-                  $-                  $-                    $-                  $1,000                     $1,000
senior notes, due 2027                          -                        -                   -                   -                     -                   1,230                      1,230
senior notes, due 2028                          -                        -                   -                   -                     -                     821                        821
senior notes, due 2029                          -                        -                   -                   -                     -                     733                        733
convertible senior notes, due 2048              -                        -                   -                   -                     -                     575                        575
senior secured first lien notes, due 2024       -                        -                   -                   -                   600                       -                        600
senior secured first lien notes, due 2029       -                        -                   -                   -                     -                     500                        500
revolving credit facility                       83                       -                   -                   -                     -                       -                         83
tax-exempt bonds                                -                        -                   -                   -                     -                     466                        466
subtotal recourse debt                          83                       -                   -                   -                   600                   5,325                      6,008
non-recourse debt:
other                                           5                        6                   5                   4                     4                      10                         34
subtotal non-recourse debt                      5                        6                   5                   4                     4                      10                         34
total debt                                      $88                     $6                  $5                  $4                  $604                  $5,335                     $6,042
in addition to the debt shown in the above table, nrg had issued $723 million of letters of credit under the company's $2.6 billion revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2019.
commercial operations the company's commercial operations activities require a significant amount of liquidity and capital resources. these liquidity requirements are primarily driven by: (i) margin and collateral posted with counterparties; (ii) margin and collateral required to participate in physical markets and commodity exchanges; (iii) timing of disbursements and receipts (e.g. buying fuel before receiving energy revenues); (iv) initial collateral for large structured transactions; and (v) collateral for project development. as of december 31, 2019, commercial operations had total cash collateral outstanding of $190 million and $694 million outstanding in letters of credit to third parties primarily to support its commercial activities for both wholesale and retail transactions. as of december 31, 2019, total funds deposited by counterparties was $32 million in cash and $102 million of letters of credit.
future liquidity requirements may change based on the company's hedging activities and structures, power purchases and sales, fuel purchases, and future market conditions, including forward prices for energy and fuel and market volatility. in addition, liquidity requirements are dependent on the company's credit ratings and general perception of its creditworthiness.
first lien structure nrg has granted first liens to certain counterparties on a substantial portion of property and assets owned by nrg and the guarantors of its senior debt. nrg uses the first lien structure to reduce the amount of cash collateral and letters of credit that it would otherwise be required to post from time to time to support its obligations under out-of-the-money hedge agreements for forward sales of power or gas used as a proxy for power. to the extent that the underlying hedge positions for a counterparty are out-of-the-money to nrg, the counterparty would have a claim under the first lien program. the first lien program limits the volume that can be hedged, not the value of underlying out-of-the-money positions. the first lien program does not require nrg to post collateral above any threshold amount of exposure. within the first lien structure, the company can hedge up to 80% of its coal and nuclear capacity and 10% of its other assets with these counterparties for the first 60 months and then declining thereafter. net exposure to a counterparty on all trades must be positively correlated to the price of the relevant commodity for the first lien to be available to that counterparty. the first lien structure is not subject to unwind or termination upon a ratings downgrade of a counterparty and has no stated maturity date.
the company's first lien counterparties may have a claim on its assets to the extent market prices exceed the hedged prices. as of december 31, 2019, all hedges under the first liens were in-the-money on a counterparty aggregate basis.
the following table summarizes the amount of mw hedged against the company's coal and nuclear assets and as a percentage relative to the company's coal and nuclear capacity under the first lien structure as of december 31, 2019:
equivalent net sales secured by first lien structure (a)               2020                2021                2022                2023
in mw                                                               642                  644                 699                 753
as a percentage of total net coal and nuclear capacity (b)          14%                  14%                 15%                 16%
(a)equivalent net sales include natural gas swaps converted using a weighted average heat rate by region
(b)net coal and nuclear capacity represents 80% of the company's total coal and nuclear assets eligible under the first lien, which excludes coal assets acquired in the midwest generation acquisition stream energy acquisition on august 1, 2019, the company completed the acquisition of stream energy's retail electricity and natural gas business operating in 9 states and washington, d.c. for $329 million, including working capital and other adjustments of approximately $29 million. the acquisition increased nrg's retail portfolio by approximately 600,000 rces or 450,000 customers.
small book acquisitions during 2019, the company acquired several books of customers totaling approximately 72,000 customers for $17 million, of which $13 million was paid in 2019. during 2018, the company acquired several books of customers totaling approximately 115,000 customers, along with brand names, for $44 million, of which $40 million was paid in 2018, $2 million was paid in 2019 and $2 million was prepaid in 2017. the majority of the purchase price for the 2019 and 2018 book acquisitions were allocated to acquired intangibles.
asset sale proceeds the following table summarizes the approximate cash proceeds received from sale transactions and related financings, net of working capital and other adjustments, completed by the company during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
(in millions)                                         2019                    2018
south central portfolio                           $962                       $-
carlsbad                                           396                        -
guam                                                 8                        -
nrg yield, inc and renewables platform               -                    1,348
canal 3 (a)                                          -                      167
upmc thermal project (b)                             -                       84
betm                                                 -                       70
buckthorn solar (b)                                  -                       42
other                                               14                       12
cash proceeds from sales transactions           $1,380                   $1,723
(a) in addition to cash proceeds from sale, amount includes $151 million related to a financing arrangement prior to the sale
(b) sale of assets to nrg yield, inc., prior to discontinued operations capital expenditures the following table summarizes the company's capital expenditures for maintenance, environmental, and growth investments for the year ended december 31, 2019:
(in millions)                                                                  maintenance                 environmental                  growth investments                  total retail                                                                           $13                           $-                               $47                         $60
generation texas                                                                             91                            1                                 -                          92
east/west/other (a)                                                               40                            2                                 -                          42
corporate                                                                         12                            -                                22                          34
total cash capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2019             156                            3                                69                         228
stream acquisition                                                                 -                            -                               326                         326
other investments(b)                                                               -                            -                               240                         240
total capital expenditures and investments, net of financings                   $156                           $3                              $635                        $794
(a) includes renewables and the cottonwood facility
(b) other investments includes acquisitions, cost-to-achieve expenses, integration costs, and equity investments
•growth investments capital expenditures - for the year ended december 31, 2019, the company's growth investment capital expenditures included $51 million for cost-to-achieve projects associated with the transformation plan and $18 million for the company's other growth projects.
environmental capital expenditures estimate nrg estimates that environmental capital expenditures from 2020 through 2024 required to comply with environmental laws will be approximately $40 million. these costs are primarily associated with the cost of adding nox controls in connecticut and water and landfill projects at w.a. parish.
the table below summarizes the status of nrg's coal fleet with respect to air quality controls. nrg uses an integrated approach to fuels, controls and emissions markets to meet environmental requirements.
so2                                                                                                                                    nox                                                                                mercury   particulate units                      state       control equipment                      install date       control equipment                  install date            control equipment                      install date       control equipment                     install date indian river 4             de          cds                                            2011              lnbofa/scr                     1999/2011            aci/cds/ff                                2008/2011                  esp/ff                        1980/2011
limestone 1-2              tx          fgd                                         1985-86                  lnbofa                     2002/2003            aci                                            2015                     esp                        1985-1986
powerton 5                 il          dsi                                            2016                ofa/sncr                     2003/2012            aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                        1973/2016
powerton 6                 il          dsi                                            2014                ofa/sncr                     2002/2012            aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                        1976/2014
w.a. parish 5, 6, 7        tx          ff co-benefit                                  1988                     scr                          2004            aci                                            2015                      ff                             1988
w.a. parish 8              tx          fgd                                            1982                     scr                          2004            aci                                            2015                      ff                             1988
waukegan 7                 il          dsi                                            2014                  lnbofa                          2002            aci                                            2008             esp/upgrade                  1958/2002, 2014
waukegan 8                 il          dsi                                            2015                  lnbofa                          1999            aci                                            2008             esp/upgrade                  1962/1999, 2015
will county 4              il          dsi                                            2017             lnbofa/sncr                1999,2001/2012            aci                                            2009             esp/upgrade                     1963,72/2000
aci - activated carbon injectioncds - circulating dry scrubberdsi - dry sorbent injection with tronaesp - electrostatic precipitatorfgd - flue gas desulfurization (wet)         ff- fabric filterlnbofa - low nox burner with overfire airofa - overfire airscr - selective catalytic reductionsncr - selective non-catalytic reduction the following table summarizes the estimated environmental capital expenditures by region:
(in millions)       texas                  east/west                total
2020      $3                       $4                     $7
2021      14                       12                     26
2022       6                        5                     11
2023       -                        1                      1
2024       -                        -                      -
total     $23                      $22                    $45
share repurchases in 2018, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase $1.5 billion of its common stock. repurchases of $1.25 billion were executed in 2018 with the remaining $0.25 billion completed in the first quarter of 2019. in 2019, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase additional $1.25 billion of its common stock, which was completed as of february 27, 2020. see item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
common stock dividends the company returned $32 million of capital to shareholders in the year ended 2019 through a $0.12 dividend per common share.
beginning in the first quarter of 2020, nrg increased the annual dividend to $1.20 per share from $0.12 per share and expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
on january 21, 2020, nrg declared a quarterly dividend on the company's common stock of $0.30 per share, or $1.20 per share on an annualized basis, payable on february 18, 2020, to stockholders of record as of february 3, 2020. the company's common stock dividends are subject to available capital, market conditions, and compliance with associated laws and regulations.
cash flow discussion
2019 compared to 2018
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                      2019   2018                                           change net cash provided by operating activities                   $1,413                          $1,377                     $36
net cash provided/(used) by investing activities               556                           (205)        761
net cash used by financing activities                      (2,148)                         (1,526)                   (622)
net cash provided by operating activities changes to net cash provided by operating activities were driven by:
(in millions)
change in cash provided by discontinued operations                                                                   $(366)
increase in operating income adjusted for other non-cash items                                                          230
changes in cash collateral in support of risk management activities due to change in commodity prices                   210
genon settlement in july 2018                                                                                            63
other changes in working capital                                                                                      (101)
$36
net cash provided by investing activities changes to net cash provided by investing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in cash used by discontinued operations                                                                             $724
cash removed in 2018 due to deconsolidation of agua caliente and ivanpah projects                                             268
decrease in capital expenditures primarily driven by construction projects in 2018                                            160
increase in proceeds received from sales of nuclear decommissioning trust fund securities, net of purchases                    24
decrease in contributions to discontinued operations                                                                           16
decrease in proceeds from sale of assets and discontinued operations                                                        (271)
increase in cash paid for acquisitions primarily due to stream energy acquisition in 2019                                   (112)
change in investments in unconsolidated affiliates                                                                           (52)
other                                                                                                                           4
$761
net cash used by financing activities changes in net cash used by financing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
increase in payments of short and long-term debt                                             $(837)
change in cash provided by discontinued operations                                            (428)
increase in payments for treasury stock                                                       (190)
increase in payments of debt extinguishment costs and deferred issuance costs                  (10)
increase in proceeds from issuance of short and long-term debt                                  816
decrease in distributions to noncontrolling interests from subsidiaries                          14
other                                                                                            13
$(622)
nols, deferred tax assets and uncertain tax position implications as of december 31, 2019, the company had domestic pre-tax book income of $771 million and foreign pre-tax book income of $15 million. for the year ended december 31, 2019, the company utilized nols of $593 million due to current year taxable income. as of december 31, 2019, the company has cumulative u.s. federal nol carryforwards of $10.1 billion, which will begin expiring in 2031 and cumulative state nol carryforwards of $5.5 billion. nrg also has cumulative foreign nol carryforwards of $357 million, which do not have an expiration date. in addition to the above nols, nrg has a $361 million indefinite carryforward for interest deductions, as well as $384 million of tax credits to be utilized in future years. as a result of the company's tax position, including the utilization of federal and state nols, and based on current forecasts, the company anticipates income tax payments, primarily due to state and local jurisdictions, of up to $16 million in 2020. see item 15 - note 20, income taxes, for further discussion regarding the release of the valuation allowance.
the company has recorded as of december 31, 2019 short-term and long-term receivables of $35 million and $34 million, respectively, representing refundable amt credits from the irs, which are anticipated to be received from 2020 through 2022 pursuant to the 50% annual limitation as enacted by the tax act upon repeal of corporate amt effective january 1, 2018. of these amounts, short-term and long-term payables of $11 million each are due to genon for their share of the minimum tax credits.
in addition to these amounts, the company has $15 million of tax effected uncertain state tax benefits for which the company has recorded a non-current tax liability of $17 million (including accrued interest) until such final resolution with the related taxing authority.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2016. with few exceptions, state and local income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2011.
off-balance sheet arrangements obligations under certain guarantee contracts nrg and certain of its subsidiaries enter into guarantee arrangements in the normal course of business to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties. these arrangements include financial and performance guarantees, stand-by letters of credit, debt guarantees, surety bonds and indemnifications. see also item 15 - note 27, guarantees, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
retained or contingent interests nrg does not have any material retained or contingent interests in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity.
obligations arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity variable interest in equity investments - as of december 31, 2019, nrg has several investments with an ownership interest percentage of 50% or less in energy and energy-related entities that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. ivanpah is considered a variable interest entity for which nrg is not the primary beneficiary.
nrg's pro-rata share of non-recourse debt held by unconsolidated affiliates was approximately $866 million as of december 31, 2019. this indebtedness may restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to issue dividends or distributions to nrg. see also item 15 - note 17, investments accounted for by the equity method and variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments nrg has a variety of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments that represent prospective cash requirements in addition to the company's capital expenditure programs. the following tables summarize nrg's contractual obligations and contingent obligations for guarantees. see also item 15 - note 13, debt and finance leases, note 23, commitments and contingencies, and note 27, guarantees, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
by remaining maturity at december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                           2019
contractual cash obligations                                             under1 year                     1-3 years                     3-5 years                   over5 years                     total (a)
long-term debt (including estimated interest)                             $436                          $705                        $1,281                        $6,912                        $9,334
operating leases                                                            96                           174                           160                           296                           726
fuel purchase and transportation obligations                               124                           198                           115                           139                           576
purchased power commitments(b)                                              35                           117                           112                           349                           613
pension minimum funding requirement (c)                                     54                            54                            42                            53                           203
other postretirement benefits minimum funding requirement (d)                7                            11                            11                            17                            46
other liabilities (e)                                                       45                            57                            40                           125                           267
total                                                                     $797                        $1,316                        $1,761                        $7,891                       $11,765
(a)excludes $15 million non-current payable relating to nrg's uncertain tax benefits under asc 740 as the period of payment cannot be reasonably estimated. also excludes $728 million of asset retirement obligations that are discussed in item 15 - note 14, asset retirement obligations, to the consolidated financial statements
(b)includes purchase power commitments and renewable minimum purchase power commitments under ppas
(c)these amounts represent the company's estimated minimum pension contributions required under the pension protection act of 2006. these amounts represent estimates based on assumptions that are subject to change
(d)these amounts represent estimates based on assumptions that are subject to change. the minimum required contribution for years after 2027 are currently not available
(e)includes water right agreements, service and maintenance agreements, stadium naming rights, stadium sponsorships, ltsa commitments and other contractual obligations by remaining maturity at december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                 2019
guarantees                                       under1 year                     1-3 years                     3-5 years                   over5 years                       total letters of credit and surety bonds(a)             $878                          $115                           $31                            $-                        $1,024
asset sales guarantee obligations                    4                           490                             -                           204                           698
other guarantees                                    77                             5                             -                           206                           288
total guarantees                                  $959                          $610                           $31                          $410                        $2,010
(a)guarantees as of december 31, 2019 include $14 million of letter of credit and surety bonds for the benefit of genon where nrg holds cash or letter of credit to back stop the liability fair value of derivative instruments nrg may enter into power purchase and sales contracts, fuel purchase contracts and other energy-related financial instruments to mitigate variability in earnings due to fluctuations in spot market prices and to hedge fuel requirements at power plants or retail load obligations.
nrg's trading activities are subject to limits in accordance with the company's risk management policy. these contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings.
the tables below disclose the activities that include both exchange and non-exchange traded contracts accounted for at fair value in accordance with asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures, or asc 820. specifically, these tables disaggregate realized and unrealized changes in fair value; disaggregate estimated fair values at december 31, 2019, based on their level within the fair value hierarchy defined in asc 820; and indicate the maturities of contracts at december 31, 2019. for a full discussion of the company's valuation methodology of its contracts, see derivative fair value measurements in item 15 - note 5, fair value of financial instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
derivative activity gains/(losses)                                     (in millions)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2018                          $104
contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period               (105)
contracts acquired during the period                                     (12)
changes in fair value                                                      80
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2019                           $67
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2019
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                    maturity fair value hierarchy (losses)/gains           1 year or less               greater than 1 year to 3 years                     greater than 3 years to 5 years                    greater than5 years                          total fairvalue level 1                                         $(31)                      $(27)                                              $(2)                                               $1                                             $(59)
level 2                                            56          49                                                             (7)                                                (10)                                              88
level 3                                            54                      (2)                                    1                                                              (15)                                              38
total                                             $79                      $20                                                $(8)                                               $(24)                                            $67
the company has elected to disclose derivative assets and liabilities on a trade-by-trade basis and does not offset amounts at the counterparty master agreement level. also, collateral received or posted on the company's derivative assets or liabilities are recorded on a separate line item on the balance sheet. consequently, the magnitude of the changes in individual current and non-current derivative assets or liabilities is higher than the underlying credit and market risk of the company's portfolio. as discussed in item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, commodity price risk, nrg measures the sensitivity of the company's portfolio to potential changes in market prices using var, a statistical model which attempts to predict risk of loss based on market price and volatility. nrg's risk management policy places a limit on one-day holding period var, which limits the company's net open position. as the company's trade-by-trade derivative accounting results in a gross-up of the company's derivative assets and liabilities, the net derivative assets and liability position is a better indicator of nrg's hedging activity. as of december 31, 2019, nrg's net derivative asset was $67 million, a decrease to total fair value of $37 million as compared to december 31, 2018. this decrease was primarily driven by losses in trades settled and contracts acquired during the period, partially offset by increases in change in fair value during the period.
based on a sensitivity analysis using simplified assumptions, the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu increase in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in an increase of approximately $41 million in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2019.
the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu decrease in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in a decrease of approximately $36 million in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2019.
critical accounting policies and estimates nrg's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance as well as the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. the application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions, which may be appropriate to use. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of the business, but on the results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the nature of the accounting policies have not changed.
on an ongoing basis, nrg evaluates these estimates, utilizing historic experience, consultation with experts and other methods the company considers reasonable. in any event, actual results may differ substantially from the company's estimates. any effects on the company's business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the information that gives rise to the revision becomes known.
nrg's significant accounting policies are summarized in item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements. the company identifies its most critical accounting policies as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of the company's financial position and results of operations, and require the most difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments by management regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
accounting policy                                                    judgments/uncertainties affecting application derivative instruments                                               assumptions used in valuation techniques assumptions used in forecasting generation assumptions used in forecasting borrowings market maturity and economic conditions contract interpretation market conditions in the energy industry, especially the effects of price volatility on contractual commitments income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets         ability to be sustained upon audit examination of taxing authorities interpret existing tax statute and regulations upon application to transactions ability to utilize tax benefits through carry backs to prior periods and carry forwards to future periods impairment of long-lived assets and investments                      recoverability of investment through future operations regulatory and political environments and requirements estimated useful lives of assets environmental obligations and operational limitations estimates of future cash flows estimates of fair value judgment about impairment triggering events goodwill and other intangible assets                                 estimated useful lives for finite-lived intangible assets judgment about impairment triggering events estimates of reporting unit's fair value fair value estimate of intangible assets acquired in business combinations contingencies                                                        estimated financial impact of event(s)
judgment about likelihood of event(s) occurring regulatory and political environments and requirements derivative instruments the company follows the guidance of asc 815 to account for derivative instruments. asc 815 requires the company to mark-to-market all derivative instruments on the balance sheet and recognize changes in the fair value of non-hedge derivative instruments immediately in earnings. in certain cases, nrg may apply hedge accounting to the company's derivative instruments. the criteria used to determine if hedge accounting treatment is appropriate are: (i) the designation of the hedge to an underlying exposure; (ii) whether the overall risk is being reduced; and (iii) if there is a correlation between the changes in fair value of the derivative instrument and the underlying hedged item. changes in the fair value of derivatives instruments accounted for as hedges are deferred and recorded as a component of oci and subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur.
for purposes of measuring the fair value of derivative instruments, nrg uses quoted exchange prices and broker quotes. when external prices are not available, nrg uses internal models to determine the fair value. these internal models include assumptions of the future prices of energy commodities based on the specific market in which the energy commodity is being purchased or sold, using externally available forward market pricing curves for all periods possible under the pricing model. these estimations are considered to be critical accounting estimates.
upon repayment of the term loan in 2019, all of the company's interest rate swaps were terminated. in order to qualify the derivative instruments for hedged transactions prior to termination, nrg estimated the forecasted borrowings for interest rate swaps occurring within a specified time period. judgments related to the probability of forecasted borrowings were based on the estimated timing of project construction, which can vary based on various factors. the probability that forecasted borrowings will occur by the end of a specified time period could change the results of operations by requiring amounts currently classified in oci to be reclassified into earnings, creating increased variability in the company's earnings.
certain derivative instruments that meet the criteria for derivative accounting treatment also qualify for a scope exception to derivative accounting, as they are considered to be npns. the availability of this exception is based upon the assumption that nrg has the ability and it is probable to deliver or take delivery of the underlying item. these assumptions are based on expected load requirements, available baseload capacity, internal forecasts of sales and generation and historical physical delivery on contracts. derivatives that are considered to be npns are exempt from derivative accounting treatment and are accounted for under accrual accounting. if it is determined that a transaction designated as npns no longer meets the scope exception due to changes in estimates, the related contract would be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value combined with the immediate recognition through earnings.
income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2019, nrg's deferred tax assets were primarily the result of u.s. federal and state nols, the difference between book and tax basis in property, plant, and equipment, and tax credit carryforwards. the realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the company's ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, prior to the expiration of the tax attributes. the evaluation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the company's financial statements or tax returns and forecasting future profitability by tax jurisdiction.
a valuation allowance of $242 million and $3.8 billion was recorded against nrg's gross deferred tax asset balance as of december 31, 2019, and december 31, 2018, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2019, nrg released the majority of its valuation allowance against its u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets, resulting in a non-cash benefit to income tax expense of approximately $3.5 billion.
the company evaluates its deferred tax assets quarterly on a jurisdictional basis to determine whether adjustments to the valuation allowance are appropriate considering changes in facts or circumstances. as of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, when determining the future realization of the company's deferred tax assets. in making the determination to release the majority of the valuation allowance as of december 31, 2019, the company evaluated a number of factors, including its recent history of pre-tax earnings, utilization of $593 million of nols in 2019, as well as its forecasted future pre-tax earnings. based on this evaluation, the company determined that its future u.s. federal tax benefits are more-likely-than-not to be realized. given the company's current level of pre-tax earnings and forecasted future pre-tax earnings, the company expects to generate income before taxes in the u.s. in future periods at a level that would fully utilize its u.s. federal nol carryforwards and the majority of its state nol carryforwards prior to their expiration.
nrg continues to maintain a valuation allowance of approximately $242 million as of december 31, 2019 against net deferred tax assets consisting of state net operating losses and foreign nol carryforwards in jurisdictions where the company does not currently believe that the realization of its deferred tax assets is more likely than not.
nrg continues to be under audit for multiple years by taxing authorities in other jurisdictions. considerable judgment is required to determine the tax treatment of a particular item that involves interpretations of complex tax laws, including the impact of the tax act effective december 22, 2017. nrg is subject to examination by taxing authorities for income tax returns filed in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, including operations located in australia.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2016. with few exceptions, state and local income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2011.
evaluation of assets for impairment and other-than-temporary decline in value in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment, or asc 360, nrg evaluates property, plant and equipment and certain intangible assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. examples of such indicators or events are:
•significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
•significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical condition;
•adverse business climate;
•accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the construction or acquisition of an asset;
•current period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection of future losses; and
•change in the company's intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than 50% likelihood that an asset will be sold, or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, through considering project specific assumptions for long-term power prices, escalated future project operating costs and expected plant operations. if such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets by factoring in the different courses of action available to the company. generally, fair value will be determined using valuation techniques, such as the present value of expected future cash flows. nrg uses its best estimates in making these evaluations and considers various factors, including forward price curves for energy, fuel and operating costs. however, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in the company's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
for assets to be held and used, if the company determines that the undiscounted cash flows from the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset, nrg must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. assets held-for-sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. the estimation of fair value, whether in conjunction with an asset to be held and used or with an asset held-for-sale, and the evaluation of asset impairment are, by their nature, subjective. nrg considers quoted market prices in active markets to the extent they are available. in the absence of such information, the company may consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers, or employ other valuation techniques. nrg will also discount the estimated future cash flows associated with the asset using a single interest rate representative of the risk involved with such an investment or employ an expected present value method that probability-weights a range of possible outcomes. the use of these methods involves the same inherent uncertainty of future cash flows as previously discussed with respect to undiscounted cash flows. actual future market prices and project costs could vary from those used in the company's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
annually, during the fourth quarter, the company revises its views of power and fuel prices including the company's fundamental view for long-term prices, forecasted generation and operating and capital expenditures, in connection with the preparation of its annual budget. changes to the company's views of long-term power and fuel prices impact the company's projections of profitability, based on management's estimate of supply and demand within the sub-markets for its operations and the physical and economic characteristics of each of its businesses.
as of december 31, 2019, the company recorded impairment losses of approximately $5 million, excluding impairment losses on equity and cost method investments discussed below. these impairment losses were primarily to record the value of certain long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, at fair market value in connection with an impairment indicator.
equity and cost method investments nrg is also required to evaluate its equity method and cost method investments to determine whether or not they are impaired in accordance with asc 323, investments - equity method and joint ventures, or asc 323. the standard for determining whether an impairment must be recorded under asc 323 is whether a decline in the value is considered an other-than-temporary decline in value. the evaluation and measurement of impairments under asc 323 involves the same uncertainties as described for long-lived assets that the company owns directly and accounts for in accordance with asc 360.
similarly, the estimates that nrg makes with respect to its equity and cost method investments are subjective, and the impact of variations in these estimates could be material. additionally, if the projects in which the company holds these investments recognize an impairment under the provisions of asc 360, nrg would record its proportionate share of that impairment loss and would evaluate its investment for an other-than-temporary decline in value under asc 323. during the year ended december 31, 2019, the company recorded impairment losses on its equity and cost method investments, primarily petra nova, of $108 million due to declines in value.
goodwill and other intangible assets at december 31, 2019, nrg reported goodwill of $579 million, consisting of $165 million associated with the acquisition of midwest generation and $414 million for retail business acquisitions, including texas non-commodity, xoom and stream energy.
the company applies asc 805, business combinations, or asc 805, and asc 350, to account for its goodwill and intangible assets. under these standards, the company amortizes all finite-lived intangible assets over their respective estimated weighted-average useful lives, while goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized. goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is identified by assessing whether the components of the company's operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and whether segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment assessment as of december 31 or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment has occurred. in the absence of sufficient qualitative factors, the company performs a quantitative assessment by determining the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing to its book value. if it is determined that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount, where necessary, the company's goodwill will be impaired at that time.
the company performed its qualitative assessment of macroeconomic, industry and market events and circumstances, and the overall financial performance of the nrg business solutions and retail mass reporting units. the company determined it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the goodwill attributed to these reporting units were more than their carrying amount and accordingly, no impairment existed for the year ended december 31, 2019.
the company performed a quantitative assessment for the reporting units in the following table. the company determined the fair value of these reporting units using primarily an income approach. under the income approach, the company estimated the fair value of the reporting units' invested capital exceeds its carrying value and, as such, the company concluded that goodwill associated with the reporting units in the following table is not impaired as of december 31, 2019:
reporting unit                                               % fair value over carrying value midwest generation (generation segment)                                      112            %
texas non-commodity (retail segment)                                         140            %
the company believes the methodology and assumptions used in its quantitative assessment are consistent with the views of market participants. significant inputs to the determination of fair value were as follows:
•the company applied a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term forecasts for the midwest generation plants. the significant assumptions used to derive the long-term budgets used in the income approach are affected by the following key inputs:
◦the company's views of power and fuel prices consider market prices for the next five years and the company's fundamental view for the longer term, driven by the company's long-term view of the price of natural gas. the company's fundamental view for the longer term reflects the implied power price and heat rate that would support new build of a combined cycle gas plant. the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates power plants. hedging is included to the extent of contracts already in place;
◦the company's estimate of generation, fuel costs, capital expenditure requirements and the existing and anticipated impact of environmental regulations;
◦the company's fundamental view for the longer term, cash flows for the plants in the region were included in the fair value calculation through the end of each plants' estimated useful life; and
◦projected generation and resulting energy gross margin in the long-term forecasts is based on an hourly dispatch that simulates dispatch of each unit into the power market. the dispatch simulation is based on power prices, fuel prices, and the physical and economic characteristics of each plant
•the company applied a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term budget for the texas non-commodity reporting unit. the significant assumptions used to derive the long-term budgets used in the income approach are affected by the following key inputs: a terminal value utilizing assumed growth rates and discount rates that reflect the inherent cash flow risk.
fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill impairment test will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
contingencies nrg records reserves for estimated losses from contingencies when information available indicates that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. gain contingencies are not recorded until management determines it is certain that the future event will become or does become a reality. such determinations are subject to interpretations of current facts and circumstances, forecasts of future events, and estimates of the financial impacts of such events. nrg describes in detail its contingencies in item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting developments see item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting developments.
