item 1a.   risk factors

many of the factors that affect our business and operations involve risk and uncertainty. the factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
12
overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the current global steelmaking capacity significantly exceeds the current global consumption of steel. according to the oecd, global steel production overcapacity was approximately 485 million tons at the halfway point of 2019, with a quarter of that amount located in china. overcapacity is down from its peak in 2015 and 2016. efforts by china to close inefficient steel production and improve air quality, steel mill closures in europe and stronger global economic growth all contributed to reduce excess capacity.
during periods of global economic weakness, this overcapacity is amplified because of weaker global demand. this excess capacity often results in manufacturers in certain countries exporting significant amounts of steel and steel products at prices that are at or below their costs of production. in some countries the steel industry is subsidized or owned in whole or in part by the government, giving imported steel from those countries certain cost advantages. these imports, which are also affected by demand in the domestic market, international currency conversion rates, and domestic and international government actions, can result in downward pressure on steel prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
section 232 steel tariffs are keeping dumped steel products out of the u.s. market. the u.s. government is also negotiating new or renegotiating existing trade agreements with many countries, including china, which provide another opportunity to address excess steelmaking capacity. should these efforts fail to reduce excess capacity and the section 232 tariffs be lifted, u.s. steelmakers would be at risk of having to compete again against steel products dumped in the u.s. market.
our industry is cyclical and both recessions and prolonged periods of slow economic growth could have an adverse effect on our business.
demand for most of our products is cyclical in nature and sensitive to general economic conditions. our business supports cyclical industries such as the commercial construction, energy, metals service centers, appliance and automotive industries. as a result, downturns in the u.s. economy or any of these industries could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. general economic conditions in the united states and steel demand in this country are currently stronger than in many parts of the world, but challenges from global overcapacity in the steel industry and ongoing uncertainties, both in the united states and in other regions of the world, remain.
while we believe that the long-term prospects for the steel industry remain bright, we are unable to predict the duration of current economic conditions. future economic downturns or prolonged slow-growth or a stagnant economy could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
competition from other steel producers, imports or alternative materials may adversely affect our business.
we face strong competition from other steel producers and imports that compete with our products on price, quality and service. the steel markets are highly competitive and a number of firms, domestic and foreign, participate in the steel, steel products and raw materials markets. depending on a variety of factors, including the cost and availability of raw materials, energy, technology, labor and capital costs, currency exchange rates and government subsidies of foreign steel producers, our business may be materially adversely affected by competitive forces.
in many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as concrete, aluminum, plastics, composites and wood. increased use of these materials in substitution for steel products could have a material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products.
since 2011, automobile producers have begun taking steps towards complying with new corporate average fuel economy ("cafe") mileage requirements for new cars and light trucks that they produce.
13
as automobile producers work to produce vehicles in compliance with these new standards, they may seek to reduce the amount of steel they incorporate in their vehicles or begin utilizing alternative materials in cars and light trucks to improve fuel economy, thereby reducing their demand for steel. certain automakers have begun to use greater amounts of aluminum and smaller proportions of steel in some models since 2015.
the results of our operations are sensitive to volatility in steel prices and the cost of raw materials, particularly scrap steel.
we rely to an extent on outside vendors to supply us with key consumables such as graphite electrodes and raw materials, including both scrap and scrap substitutes that are critical to the manufacture of our steel products. the raw material required to produce dri is pelletized iron ore. although we have vertically integrated our business by constructing our dri facilities in trinidad and louisiana and also acquiring djj in 2008, we still must purchase most of our primary raw material, steel scrap, from numerous other sources located throughout the united states. although we believe that the supply of scrap and scrap substitutes is adequate to operate our facilities, prices of these critical raw materials are volatile and are influenced by changes in scrap exports in response to changes in the scrap, scrap substitutes and iron ore demands of our global competitors, as well as currency fluctuations. at any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other terms acceptable to us. the availability and prices of raw materials may also be negatively affected by new laws and regulations, allocation by suppliers, interruptions in production, accidents or natural disasters, changes in exchange rates, worldwide price fluctuations, and the availability and cost of transportation. many countries that export steel into our markets restrict the export of scrap, protecting the supply chain of some foreign competitors. this trade practice creates an artificial competitive advantage for foreign producers that could limit our ability to compete in the u.s. market.
if our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw materials, we may not have alternative sources of supply. in addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted customer orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw materials. also, if we are unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of our required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of our products. this could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs and suffer harm to our reputation.
changes in the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions that could adversely affect our business.
our steel mills are large consumers of electricity and natural gas. in addition, our dri facilities are also large consumers of natural gas. we rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. the prices for and availability of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions. these market conditions often are affected by weather, political, regulatory and economic factors beyond our control, and we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover increased energy costs. disruptions, including physical or information systems related issues that impact the supply of our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers. increases in our energy costs resulting from regulations that are not equally applicable across the entire global steel market could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our steelmaking processes, our dri processes, and the manufacturing processes of many of our suppliers, customers and competitors are energy intensive and generate carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases ("ghgs"). the regulation of these ghgs through significant new rulemaking or legislation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
carbon is an essential raw material in nucor's production processes. as a carbon steel producer, nucor could be increasingly affected both directly and indirectly if more stringent domestic ghg
14
regulations are further implemented. because our operations are subject to most of these new ghg regulations, we are already impacted in the permit modification and reporting processes. both ghg regulations and national air ambient quality standards, which are more restrictive than previous standards, can make it significantly more difficult to obtain new permits and to modify existing permits.
these same regulations have indirectly increased the costs to manufacture our products as they have increased and continue to increase the cost of energy, primarily electricity, which we use extensively in the steelmaking process. the discovery of new natural gas reserves utilizing the practice of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing is mitigating some of this indirect impact, as some utilities switch fuels to natural gas from coal thereby reducing their emissions significantly. however, because some generating facilities when faced with new regulations are idling facilities instead of converting to natural gas, the resulting reduction in capacity can lead to increased electrical energy prices.
in 2019, the epa issued its affordable clean energy (ace) rule to replace the promulgated clean power plan that was driving many utilities to shutter coal fired power plants. while this is expected to result in lower electric power costs in the united states, another change in regulatory approach due to political or other considerations could cause, either directly or indirectly an increase in the cost of energy, adversely impacting nucor's competitive position.
while the federal government has moved in recent years to relax some regulations that can impact domestic energy costs, some states are moving to enact their own regulations to curtail carbon and other ghg emissions. if such regulations are enacted in states in which nucor does business, it could increase our costs there. numerous states, including california, washington, oregon and new york, are considering or have passed laws using environmental product declarations ("epds") to evaluate environmental impacts of products. california has implemented the "buy clean california act" and california is currently requesting epds from manufacturers to be used in state of california funded projects. epds are now required for certain materials including some steel products. global warming potentials ("gwp") will be established by january 1, 2021 for applicable product categories and epds will be used to determine product compliance to the gwp limits. the impacts identified by epds could impact future state/consumer purchasing decisions. in addition to increased costs of production, we could also incur costs to defend and resolve legal claims and other litigation related to these regulations and the alleged impact of our operations on the environment.
we are subject to information technology and cyber security threats which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we utilize various information technology systems to efficiently address business functions ranging from the operation of our production equipment to administrative computation to the storage of data such as intellectual property and proprietary business information. despite efforts to assure secure and uninterrupted operations, threats from increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks or system failures could result in materially adverse operational disruptions or security breaches of our systems or those of our third-party service providers. these risks could result in disclosure or destruction of key proprietary information, personal data, reputational damage or could adversely affect our ability to physically produce steel, resulting in lost revenues, as well as delays in reporting our financial results. we also could be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach, including to repair or replace networks and information technology systems. we may also contend with potential liability for stolen information, increased cybersecurity protection costs, litigation expense and increased insurance premiums.
our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses.
the steelmaking business is subject to numerous inherent risks, particularly unplanned events such as explosions, fires, other accidents, natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes, critical equipment failures, acts of terrorism, inclement weather and transportation interruptions. while our insurance coverage could offset a portion of the losses relating to some of those types of events, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted to the extent that any such losses are not covered by our insurance, or that there are significant delays in resolving our claims with our insurance providers.
15
environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially adversely impact our competitive position.
our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, and accordingly, we make provision in our financial statements for the estimated costs of compliance. there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates.
nucor has implemented revised epa rules and definitions around recycling and solid wastes. the new rules require states to create new programs and certification processes for the companies that wish to continue recycling materials. we have incurred increased administrative and operational costs to handle steel mill recycled materials such as slag, mill scale, iron dusts, lime and air filtration control dusts. to the extent that competitors, particularly foreign steel producers and manufacturers of competitive products, are not subject to similar regulation and required to incur equivalent costs, our competitive position could be materially adversely impacted.
if one of our permits is revoked or if we were to experience significant delays in obtaining a permit modification or a new permit, this could result in operational delays at one or more of our facilities, causing a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we acquire businesses from time to time and we may encounter difficulties in integrating businesses we acquire.
we plan to continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures and make other investments that strengthen nucor. realizing the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to operate these businesses and integrate them with our operations and to cooperate with our strategic partners. our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses.
our business requires substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements.
our operations are capital intensive. for the five-year period ended december 31, 2019, our total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were approximately $4.0 billion. our business also requires substantial expenditures for routine maintenance. although we expect requirements for our business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, debt service for financings and any contingencies, will be financed by internally generated funds, short-term commercial paper issuance or from borrowings under our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, we cannot guarantee that this will be the case. additional acquisitions or unforeseen events could require financing from additional sources.
risks associated with operating in international markets could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.
certain of our businesses and investments are located outside of the united states, in europe, mexico and in emerging markets. there are a number of risks inherent in doing business in such markets. these risks include but are not limited to: unfavorable political or economic factors; local labor and social issues; changes in regulatory requirements; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and complex foreign laws, treaties including tax laws, and the united states foreign corrupt practices act of 1977 (fcpa). these risks could restrict our ability to operate our international businesses profitably and therefore have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. in addition, our reported results of operations and financial position could also be negatively affected by exchange rates when the activities and balances of our foreign operations are translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes.
16
the accounting treatment of equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings.
we periodically test our equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to determine whether their estimated fair value is less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. the results of this testing for potential impairment may be adversely affected by uncertain market conditions for the global steel industry, as well as changes in interest rates, commodity prices and general economic conditions. if we determine that the fair value of any of these assets is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, and, in the case of equity method investments the decline is other than temporary, we would likely incur a non-cash impairment loss that would negatively impact our results of operations.
tax increases and changes in tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our financial results.
the steel industry and our business are sensitive to changes in taxes. as a company based in the united states, nucor is more exposed to the effects of changes in u.s. tax laws than some of our major competitors. our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in u.s. tax laws.
we are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks.
we spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with domestic and foreign regulations, contractual obligations and other legal standards. notwithstanding this, we are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and legal compliance risks in respect of various issues, including regulatory, safety, environmental, employment, transportation, intellectual property, contractual, import/export, international trade and governmental matters that arise in the course of our business and in our industry. for information regarding our current significant legal proceedings, see "item 3. legal proceedings." a negative outcome in an unusual or significant legal proceeding or compliance investigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. while we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, the nature of our operations means that legal compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will arise from time to time.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of nucor corporation should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the company and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in this report discusses our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. information concerning the year ended december 31, 2017 and a comparison of years 2018 and 2017 may be found under "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the sec on february 28, 2019.
overview the growth rate of the u.s. economy slowed a bit in 2019, growing at 2.3% on an annualized basis compared to 2.9% the previous year. demand in 2019 remained healthy in many of the markets nucor monitors, with the strongest being nonresidential construction. operating rates at our steel mills for the full year 2019 decreased to 84% as compared to 91% for the full year 2018. industry-wide, the u.s. capacity utilization rate was 80% for 2019, its highest annual rate since 2008.
the section 232 steel tariffs continued to be effective in keeping unfairly traded imports out of the u.s. market. for the full year 2019, finished steel imports were down approximately 18% from the previous year and accounted for approximately 19% of u.s. market share. this was the lowest level of steel imports since 2010. approximately six million fewer tons of imports entered the united states in 2019.
we are optimistic about market conditions heading into 2020. there have been a number of recent positive developments at the end of 2019 and the beginning of 2020, including the united states-mexico-canada trade agreement becoming law and reduced trade tensions with china. we expect stable or growing end-use markets in the markets that account for approximately 70% of our shipments. we expect the nonresidential construction market to remain strong.
our challenges and risks sales of many of our products are largely dependent upon capital spending in the nonresidential construction markets in the united states, including in the industrial and commercial sectors, as well as capital spending on infrastructure that is publicly funded, such as bridges, schools, prisons and hospitals. while there has been no federal infrastructure bill, many states have passed bills funding infrastructure improvements.
while the section 232 tariffs are having their intended impact by keeping unfairly traded imports out of the u.s. market, global steel production overcapacity continues to be a long-term challenge. steel production in china rose in 2019, going from approximately 1.02 billion tons in 2018 to approximately 1.10 billion tons in 2019 - an increase of 8%. as a result, china's share of global crude steel production rose from 51.3% in 2018 to 53.3% in 2019. the oecd estimates that global excess steel production capacity was approximately 485 million tons at the halfway point of 2019, up from 455 million tons at the end of 2018. nearly a quarter of that excess capacity is located in china, where the largest steel companies are state-owned and receive significant financial support from the chinese government.
a major uncertainty we continue to face in our business is the price of our principal raw material, ferrous scrap, which is volatile and often increases or decreases rapidly in response to changes in domestic demand, unanticipated events that affect the flow of scrap into scrap yards, the availability of scrap substitutes, currency fluctuations and changes in foreign demand for scrap. in periods of rapidly increasing raw material prices in the industry, which are often also associated with periods of strong or rapidly improving steel market conditions, being able to increase our prices for the products we sell quickly enough to offset increases in the prices we pay for ferrous scrap is challenging but critical to maintaining our profitability. we attempt to mitigate the scrap price risk by managing scrap inventory
24
levels at the steel mills to match the anticipated demand over the next several weeks. certain scrap substitutes, including pig iron, have longer lead times for delivery than scrap, which can make this inventory management strategy difficult to achieve. continued successful implementation of our raw material strategy, including key investments in dri production, coupled with the scrap brokerage and processing services performed by our team at djj, give us greater control over our metallic inputs and thus also helps us to mitigate this risk.
during periods of stronger or improving steel market conditions, we are more likely to be able to pass through to our customers, relatively quickly, the increased costs of ferrous scrap and scrap substitutes, protecting our gross margins from significant erosion. during weaker or rapidly deteriorating steel market conditions, weak steel demand, low industry utilization rates and the impact of imports create an even more intensified competitive environment and increased pricing pressure. all of those factors, to some degree, impact pricing, which increases the likelihood that nucor will experience lower gross margins.
although the majority of our steel sales are to spot market customers in north america who place their orders each month based on their business needs and our pricing competitiveness compared to both domestic and global producers and trading companies, we also sell contract tons, most notably in our sheet operations. approximately 75% of our sheet sales were to contract customers in 2019 and 2018, with the balance in the spot market at the prevailing prices at the time of sale. steel contract sales outside of our sheet operations are not significant. the amount of tons sold to contract customers depends on the overall market conditions at the time, how the end-use customers see the market moving forward and the strategy that nucor management believes is appropriate to the upcoming period.
nucor management considerations include maintaining an appropriate balance of spot and contract tons based on market projections and appropriately supporting our diversified customer base. the percentage of tons that is placed under contract also depends on the overall market dynamics and customer negotiations. in years of strengthening demand, we typically see an increase in the percentage of sheet sales sold under contract as our customers have an expectation that transaction prices will rapidly rise, and available capacity will quickly be sold out. to mitigate this risk, customers prefer to enter into contracts in order to obtain committed volumes of supply from the mills. our contracts include a method of adjusting prices on a periodic basis to reflect changes in the market pricing for steel and/or scrap. market indices for steel generally trend with scrap pricing changes but during periods of steel market weakness the more intensified competitive steel market environment can cause the sales price indices to decrease resulting in reduced gross margins and profitability. furthermore, since the selling price adjustments are not immediate, there will always be a timing difference between changes in the prices we pay for raw materials and the adjustments we make to our contract selling prices. generally, in periods of increasing scrap prices, we experience a short-term margin contraction on contract tons. conversely, in periods of decreasing scrap prices, we typically experience a short-term margin expansion. contract sales typically have terms ranging from six to 12 months.
our strengths and opportunities we are north america's most diversified steel producer. as a result, our short-term performance is not tied to any one market. we have numerous, large, strategic capital projects at various stages of progress that will help us further diversify our product offerings and expand the markets that we serve. we expect these investments to grow our long-term earnings power by increasing our channels to market, expanding our product portfolio into higher value-added offerings that are less vulnerable to imports, improving our cost structure and further building upon our market leadership positions.
nucor's raw material supply chain is another important strength. our investment in dri production facilities and scrap brokerage and processing businesses provides nucor with significant flexibility in optimizing our raw materials costs. additionally, having a significant portion of our raw materials supply under our control reduces risk associated with the global sourcing of raw materials, particularly since a considerable portion of scrap substitutes comes from regions of the world that historically have experienced greater political turmoil.
25
our highly variable, low-cost structure, combined with our financial strength and liquidity, has allowed us to successfully navigate cyclical, severely depressed steel industry market conditions in the past. in such times, our incentive-based pay system reduces our payroll costs, both hourly and salary, which helps to offset lower selling prices. our pay-for-performance system that is closely tied to our levels of production also allows us to keep our highly experienced workforce intact and to continue operating our facilities when some of our competitors with greater fixed costs are forced to shut down some of their facilities. because we use eafs to produce our steel, we can easily vary our production levels to match short-term changes in demand, unlike our blast furnace-based integrated competitors. we believe these strengths also provide us further opportunities to gain market share during such times.
evaluating our operating performance we report our results of operations in three segments: steel mills, steel products and raw materials. most of the steel we produce in our mills is sold to outside customers (80% in both 2019 and 2018), but a significant percentage is used internally by many of the facilities in our steel products segment (20% in both 2019 and 2018).
we begin measuring our performance by comparing our net sales, both in total and by individual segment, during a reporting period with our net sales in the corresponding period in the prior year. in doing so, we focus on changes in and the reasons for such changes in the two key variables that have the greatest influence on our net sales: average sales price per ton during the period and total tons shipped to outside customers.
we also focus on both dollar and percentage changes in gross margins, which are key drivers of our profitability, and the reasons for such changes. there are many factors from period to period that can affect our gross margins. one consistent area of focus for us is changes in "metal margins," which is the difference between the selling price of steel and the cost of scrap and scrap substitutes. increases or decreases in the cost of scrap and scrap substitutes that are not offset by changes in the selling price of steel can quickly compress or expand our margins and reduce or increase our profitability.
changes in marketing, administrative and other expenses, particularly profit sharing and other variable incentive-based payment costs, can have a material effect on our results of operations for a reporting period as well. these costs vary significantly from period to period as they are based upon changes in our pre-tax earnings and other profitability metrics that are a reflection of our pay-for-performance system that is closely tied to our levels of production.
evaluating our financial condition we evaluate our financial condition each reporting period by focusing primarily on the amounts of and reasons for changes in cash provided by operating activities, our current ratio, the turnover rate of our accounts receivable and inventories, the amounts of and reasons for changes in cash used in or provided by investing activities and financing activities and our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments position at period end. our conservative financial practices have served us well in the past and are serving us well today. as a result, our financial position remains strong.
comparison of 2019 to 2018
results of operations nucor reported consolidated net earnings of $4.14 per diluted share in 2019. though this year's results decreased from record consolidated net earnings of $7.42 per diluted share reported in 2018, we view this as solid performance given the more challenging environment when compared to the prior year.
nucor's record-setting profitability in 2018 was fueled by a strong domestic economy driving domestic steel demand, the adoption of tax reform and the ongoing efforts to reform federal regulations. also benefitting 2018 were reductions in unfairly traded imports entering our country as a result of years of successful trade cases and broad-based tariffs imposed under section 232, which were announced in
26
march 2018. these conditions and our execution of strong operating performance continued for the remainder of 2018, making it the most profitable year in nucor's history. we believe that as a result of those strong steel industry conditions, customers purchased in excess of normal demand levels in 2018, resulting in excess inventory throughout the supply chain by the end of 2018. inventory destocking was the primary driver for the decreased 2019 performance as average steel selling prices fell throughout most of 2019, despite lower imports and relatively stable underlying demand. we believe that inventory destocking concluded in the fourth quarter of 2019 when customers resumed more normal buying patterns. additionally, we announced price increases for our sheet, bar, plate and structural products in the fourth quarter of 2019 that we expect to realize the benefit of in the first quarter of 2020. though down from 2018, we believe market demand remained healthy in 2019 as we saw stable or improving market conditions in 16 of the 24 end-use markets we monitor.
nucor's steel products segment experienced record profitability in 2019, surpassing the previous record set in 2018. in particular, our vulcraft/verco group (combined joist and deck operations) and metal building businesses had the most profitable year in their history in 2019. the improved segment performance in 2019 was due to the strong performance of many of the businesses that make up this segment, which benefited from strong nonresidential construction market conditions and lower steel input costs. additionally, changes in business strategy and efficiency initiatives significantly improved the performance of our rebar fabrication operations and metal buildings business.
the raw materials segment faced a challenging year in 2019 primarily due to decreased pricing for raw materials when compared to 2018. we saw significant declines in the profitability of our dri businesses due to margin compression caused by decreased average selling prices and increased iron ore costs. our dri facility in louisiana also experienced a planned 70-day outage in 2019 that began in early september and was completed in mid-november. the profitability of djj's brokerage and scrap processing operations also decreased in 2019 as compared to 2018.
the following discussion will provide greater quantitative and qualitative analysis of nucor's performance in 2019 as compared to 2018.
net sales - net sales to external customers by segment for 2019 and 2018 were as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2019               2018                    % change steel mills                                  $13,933,950             $16,245,218       -14%
steel products                                 6,990,064               6,796,501         3%
raw materials                                  1,664,844               2,025,560       -18%
total net sales to external customers        $22,588,858             $25,067,279       -10%
net sales for 2019 decreased 10% from the prior year. average sales price per ton decreased 5% from $899 in 2018 to $851 in 2019. total tons shipped to outside customers decreased 5% from 27,899,000 tons in 2018 to 26,532,000 in 2019.
in the steel mills segment, sales tons were as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2019           2018                % change outside steel shipments         18,585              19,890        -7%
inside steel shipments           4,771               4,999        -5%
total steel shipments           23,356              24,889        -6%
net sales for the steel mills segment decreased 14% in 2019 from the prior year due to an 8% decrease in the average sales price per ton, from $817 in 2018 to $748 in 2019, as well as a 7% decrease in total tons shipped to outside customers. in 2019, average selling prices and volumes decreased across all product groups within the steel mills segment.
27
outside sales tonnage for the steel products segment was as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2019                2018   % change joist sales                                            499                 490         2%
deck sales                                             495                 479         3%
cold finished sales                                    498                 569       -12%
fabricated concrete reinforcing steel sales          1,223               1,225          -
piling products sales                                  638                 565        13%
tubular product sales                                1,053               1,058          -
other steel products sales                             408                 460       -11%
total steel products sales                           4,814               4,846        -1%
net sales for the steel products segment increased 3% in 2019 from the prior year due to a 4% increase in the average sales price per ton, from $1,402 in 2018 to $1,452 in 2019, which was partially offset by a 1% decrease in volume. in 2019, average selling prices increased across all businesses within the steel products segment, except for our tubular products businesses. the largest decrease in volume for 2019 as compared to 2018 was in our cold finished products business.
net sales for the raw materials segment decreased 18% in 2019 from the prior year primarily due to decreased average selling prices at djj's brokerage operations and, to a lesser extent, decreased average selling prices and volumes at djj's scrap processing operations. approximately 90% of outside sales in the raw materials segment in both 2019 and 2018 were from djj's brokerage operations and approximately 9% of outside sales were from djj's scrap processing operations.
gross margins - in 2019, nucor recorded gross margins of $2.68 billion (12%) which was a decrease from $4.30 billion (17%) in 2018:
•   the primary driver for the decrease in gross margin in 2019 as compared to 2018 was decreased metal margins in the steel mills segment. metal margin is the difference between the selling price of steel and the cost of scrap and scrap substitutes. the average scrap and scrap substitute cost per gross ton used decreased 13% from $361 in 2018 to $314 in 2019. despite the decrease in average scrap and scrap substitute cost per gross ton used, metal margin in the steel mills segment decreased due to lower average selling prices and the decrease in tons sold to external customers in 2019 as compared to 2018.

scrap prices are driven by the global supply and demand for scrap and other iron-based raw materials used to make steel. scrap prices decreased during most of 2019. as we enter 2020, we see a more stable price environment as scrap prices have increased, a trend that began in late 2019.
pre-operating and start-up costs of new facilities increased to approximately $103 million in 2019 as compared to $36 million in 2018. the increase in pre-operating and start-up costs was due to increased costs at the bar mills being built in missouri and florida, increased costs for the cold mill expansion at our sheet mill in arkansas and increased costs related to the expansion at our sheet mill in kentucky. nucor defines pre-operating and start-up costs, all of which are expensed, as the losses attributable to facilities or major projects that are either under construction or in the early stages of operation. once these facilities or projects have attained a utilization rate that is consistent with our similar operating facilities, they are no longer considered by nucor to be in start-up.
•   gross margins in the steel products segment for 2019 increased as compared to 2018 primarily due to the increased profitability of our deck, rebar fabrication, building system and joist operations, partially offset by the decreased profitability of our tubular products, grating and cold finish operations.

28
•   gross margins in the raw materials segment for 2019 decreased as compared to 2018 primarily due to the decreased profitability of our dri facilities, which experienced severe margin compression caused by lower average selling prices and increased iron ore costs in 2019.

in 2019, our louisiana dri facility experienced a planned 70-day outage that began in early september and was completed in mid-november that replaced the convection section of the facility's process gas heater and relined the reactor's refractory.
gross margins related to djj's scrap processing operations decreased significantly in 2019 as compared to 2018 due to margin compression and decreased volumes. gross margins for djj's brokerage operations also decreased in 2019.
included in 2018 gross margins of the raw materials segment was a $27.6 million benefit related to insurance recoveries.
marketing, administrative and other expenses - a major component of marketing, administrative and other expenses is profit sharing and other incentive compensation costs. these costs, which are based upon and fluctuate with nucor's financial performance, decreased from 2018 to 2019 due to our decreased profitability in 2019. in 2019, profit sharing costs consisted of $181.4 million of contributions, including the company's matching contribution, made to the company's profit sharing and retirement savings plan for qualified employees ($307.9 million in 2018). other bonus costs also fluctuate based on nucor's achievement of certain financial performance goals, including achieving record earnings, and comparisons of nucor's financial performance to peers in the steel industry and other companies. stock-based compensation included in marketing, administrative and other expenses increased by 21% to $36.9 million in 2019 compared with $30.6 million in 2018 and includes costs associated with the vesting of stock awards granted in prior years. also included in marketing, administrative and other expenses in 2018 is approximately $50 million in bonus costs related to the company achieving record earnings that was distributed evenly among employees (none in 2019).
included in marketing, administrative and other expenses in 2019 was a benefit of $33.7 million related to the gain on the sale of an equity method investment in the raw materials segment. included in marketing, administrative and other expenses in 2018 was a $20.5 million benefit related to insurance recoveries.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates - equity method investment earnings were $3.3 million in 2019 and $40.2 million in 2018. the decrease in equity method investment earnings from 2018 to 2019 was primarily due to margin compression and decreased volumes at numit.
impairment of assets - during the third quarter of 2018, nucor performed an impairment analysis of its three fields of proved producing natural gas well assets and determined that the carrying amount exceeded the fair value and was other than temporary for two of these fields of wells. as a result, nucor recorded a $110.0 million non-cash impairment charge against these assets, driven primarily by management's estimate of future pricing of natural gas and natural gas liquids.
during the fourth quarter of 2019, nucor performed another impairment analysis of its three fields of proved producing natural gas well assets and determined that the carrying amount of one of the fields of wells exceeded its fair value and was other than temporary. this field of wells was not impaired as a result of the 2018 analysis. nucor recorded a $35.0 million non-cash impairment charge against this field of wells, driven primarily by estimated lease operating costs that were higher than the estimates used in the 2018 analysis. these charges were included in the raw materials segment. see note 8 to the company's consolidated financial statements for additional information.
nucor recorded additional impairment charges in 2019 of $20.0 million related to certain property, plant and equipment in the steel mills segment, and $11.9 million related to the write-down of certain intangible assets in the steel products segment.
29
interest expense (income) - net interest expense is detailed below (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2019                       2018
interest expense                  $157,358                     $161,256
interest income                    (35,933     )                (25,721   )
interest expense, net             $121,425                     $135,535
interest expense decreased in 2019 compared to 2018 due to an increase in capitalized interest related to an increase in spending associated with capital projects in 2019. included in interest expense in 2018 was the benefit received from the settlement of a treasury lock instrument that was entered into in anticipation of the company's debt issuance that occurred in the second quarter of 2018. the company did not elect hedge accounting for this instrument. interest income increased in 2019 compared to 2018 due to an increase in average interest rates on investments.
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests - earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests by segment for 2019 and 2018 were as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2019                         2018
steel mills                                                           $1,790,694                     $3,500,085
steel products                                                           511,145                        467,105
raw materials                                                            (28,244     )                  236,241
corporate/eliminations                                                  (490,788     )                 (974,040   )
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests             $1,782,807                     $3,229,391
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests in the steel mills segment decreased in 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily due to the previously mentioned lower average selling prices, volumes and metal margin. additionally, increased pre-operating and start-up costs of new facilities and reduced earnings of our numit equity method investment contributed to lower 2019 earnings as compared to 2018. excess inventory throughout the supply chain resulted in aggressive destocking during 2019. additionally, unusually wet weather conditions early in 2019 negatively impacted markets and projects located in areas affected by these weather conditions. overall operating rates for the steel mills segment decreased from 91% in 2018 to 84% in 2019.
the steel products segment reported record earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests in 2019, beating the previous record set in 2018 due to the reasons previously discussed. partially offsetting these increases were decreased earnings at our tubular products businesses, which suffered from aggressive destocking by service center customers, resulting in lower order rates that drove down prices and margins.
the profitability of our raw materials segment in 2019 decreased significantly compared to 2018 due to the reasons previously discussed, resulting in a full year loss in 2019. in 2019, nucor incurred a $35.0 million non-cash impairment charge relating to our proved producing natural gas well assets that was partially offset by a benefit of $33.7 million related to the gain on the sale of an equity method investment in the raw materials segment. included in 2018's profitability was a $110.0 million non-cash impairment charge related to our proved producing natural gas well assets, which was partially offset by a benefit of $48.1 million related to insurance recoveries.
the decrease in losses in corporate/eliminations in 2019 as compared to 2018 was primarily due to decreased intercompany eliminations of profit in inventory as well as lower profit sharing costs.
noncontrolling interests - noncontrolling interests represent the income attributable to the noncontrolling partners of nucor's joint ventures, primarily nucor-yamato, of which nucor owns 51%. the
30
decrease in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2019 as comparted to 2018 was primarily due to the decreased earnings of nucor-yamato, which was a result of decreased sales volumes. under the nucor-yamato limited partnership agreement, the minimum amount of cash to be distributed each year to the partners is the amount needed by each partner to pay applicable u.s. federal and state income taxes.
provision for income taxes - the company's effective tax rate in 2019 was 23.1% compared with 23.2% in 2018. nucor has concluded u.s. federal income tax matters for years through 2014. the tax years 2015 through 2018 remain open to examination by the internal revenue service. the canada revenue agency has concluded its examination of the 2012 and 2013 canadian returns for harris steel group inc. and certain related affiliates. the 2015 tax year is currently under examination by the canada revenue agency. the trinidad and tobago inland revenue division has concluded its examination of the nu-iron unlimited 2013 corporate income tax return.  the tax years 2013 through 2018 remain open to examination by other major taxing jurisdictions to which nucor is subject (primarily canada and other state and local jurisdictions).
net earnings and return on equity - nucor reported net earnings of $1.27 billion, or $4.14 per diluted share, in 2019, compared to net earnings of $2.36 billion, or $7.42 per diluted share, in 2018. net earnings attributable to nucor stockholders as a percentage of net sales were 5.6% and 9.4% in 2019 and 2018, respectively. return on average stockholders' equity was 12.6% and 25.5% in 2019 and 2018, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources nucor's cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments position remained strong at $1.83 billion at december 31, 2019, compared with $1.40 billion as of december 31, 2018. approximately $354.4 million and $246.5 million of the cash and cash equivalents position at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, was held by our majority-owned joint ventures. cash flows provided by operating activities provide us with a significant source of liquidity. when needed, we have external short-term financing sources available, including the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings under our bank credit facilities. we also issue long-term debt securities from time to time.
nucor's $1.5 billion revolving credit facility is undrawn and was amended and restated in april 2018 to extend the maturity date to april 2023. we believe our financial strength is a key strategic advantage among domestic steel producers, particularly during recessionary business cycles. we carry the highest credit ratings of any steel producer headquartered in north america, with an a- long-term rating from standard and poor's and a baa1 long-term rating from moody's. our credit ratings are dependent, however, upon a number of factors, both qualitative and quantitative, and are subject to change at any time. the disclosure of our credit ratings is made in order to enhance investors' understanding of our sources of liquidity and the impact of our credit ratings on our cost of funds. based upon the preceding factors, we expect to continue to have adequate access to the capital markets at a reasonable cost of funds for liquidity purposes when needed.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources
(dollars in thousands)

december 31,
2019                          2018
cash and cash equivalents              $1,534,605                      $1,398,886
short-term investments                    300,040                               -
working capital                         5,762,596                       5,829,965
current ratio                                 3.3                             3.1
the current ratio, which is calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities, was 3.3 at year-end 2019 compared with 3.1 at year-end 2018. the current ratio was positively impacted by the $435.8 million increase in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. the current ratio was also positively impacted by a $226.5 million decrease in accounts payable and a $198.6 million decrease in
31
salaries, wages and related accruals. accounts payable decreased due to the decrease in value and quantity of scrap inventory. the decrease in salaries, wages and related accruals was due to reduced performance-based bonus accruals in 2019 over 2018, which was a record earnings year. the current ratio was negatively impacted by a $711.4 million decrease in inventories, which was due to a 9% decrease in tons on hand from year-end 2018 to year-end 2019, as well as a 22% decrease in the value of scrap inventory.
in 2019, total accounts receivable turned approximately every five weeks and inventories turned approximately every 11 weeks. these ratios compare with accounts receivable turnover of approximately every five weeks and inventory turnover of approximately every 10 weeks in 2018.
funds provided by operations, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and new borrowings under existing credit facilities are expected to be adequate to meet future capital expenditure and working capital requirements for existing operations for at least the next 24 months.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have a simple capital structure with no off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with unconsolidated special purpose entities that we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
capital allocation strategy nucor's conservative financial practices have served us well in the past and are serving us well today. nucor's financial strength allows for a consistent, balanced approach to capital allocation throughout the business cycle. nucor's highest capital allocation priority is to reinvest in our business to ensure our continued profitable growth over the long term. we have historically done this by investing to optimize our existing operations, initiate greenfield expansions and make acquisitions. our second priority is to return capital to our stockholders through cash dividends and share repurchases. we intend to return a minimum of 40% of our net earnings to our stockholders, while maintaining a debt-to-capital ratio that supports a strong investment grade credit rating. the company repurchased $298.5 million of shares of its common stock in 2019 ($854.0 million in 2018 and $90.3 million in 2017).
operating activities cash provided by operating activities was $2.81 billion in 2019 as compared to $2.39 billion in 2018. the primary reason for the increase in cash provided by operating activities was the $1.40 billion reduction of cash used by operating assets and operating liabilities. changes in operating assets and operating liabilities (exclusive of acquisitions and dispositions) provided cash of $413.3 million in 2019 as compared to using $983.2 million of cash in 2018. the funding of working capital decreased in 2019 over the prior year mainly due to decreases in inventory and accounts receivable, partially offset by an increase in federal income tax receivable and decreases in accounts payable and salaries, wages and related accruals. from year-end 2018 to year-end 2019, inventories and accounts payable decreased due to a 22% decline in average scrap and scrap substitutes cost per ton in inventory and a 9% decline in total inventory tons on hand. the increase in federal income tax receivable is mainly a function of the timing of federal tax payments. the increase in cash used to fund salaries, wages and related accruals was primarily attributable to the increased payout of accrued profit sharing and other incentive compensation costs in 2019 as compared to payouts in 2018. the 2019 payments were based on nucor's financial performance in 2018, which was a record earnings year.
investing activities our business is capital intensive; therefore, cash used in investing activities primarily represents capital expenditures for new facilities, the expansion and upgrading of existing facilities and the acquisition of other companies. cash used in investing activities in 2019 was $1.79 billion as compared to $1.03 billion in 2018. the primary driver for the increase in cash used in investing activities was that cash used for capital expenditures increased by 50%, from $982.5 million in 2018 to $1.48 billion in 2019. the increase in capital expenditures in 2019 over the prior year was primarily related to the following: the new
32
hot band galvanizing line and sheet mill expansion at nucor steel gallatin, the new micro mill greenfield expansion in sedalia, missouri, the new merchant bar quality mill at nucor steel kankakee, inc., the galvanizing line and specialty cold mill complex at nucor steel arkansas, and project 8000 at nucor steel louisiana. other drivers of the increase in cash used in investing activities were our purchase of $367.7 million in investments and a $50.0 million increase in cash used to fund acquisitions over the prior year. cash provided by the divestiture of an affiliate of $67.6 million related to the sale of an equity method investment and an overall decrease in investments made in affiliates in 2019 compared to 2018 partially offset the capital expenditures, investment purchases, and acquisitions.
financing activities cash used in financing activities in 2019 was $880.4 million as compared to $908.2 million in 2018. in 2018, cash from financing activities benefited from the issuance of $500.0 million of 3.950% notes due 2028 and $500.0 million of 4.400% notes due 2048, which was offset by the repayment in the same quarter of $500.0 million of 5.850% notes due 2018. additionally, the company repurchased $298.5 million of shares of its common stock in 2019, compared to $854.0 million in 2018.
our credit facility includes only one financial covenant, which is a limit of 60% on the ratio of funded debt to total capitalization. in addition, the credit facility contains customary non-financial covenants, including a limit on nucor's ability to pledge the company's assets and a limit on consolidations, mergers and sales of assets. our funded debt to total capital ratio was 29% at the end of 2019 and 30% at the end of 2018, and we were in compliance with all other covenants under our credit facility at the end of 2019.
market risk nucor's largest exposure to market risk is in our steel mills and steel products segments. our utilization rates for the steel mills and steel products facilities for the fourth quarter of 2019 were 83% and 69%, respectively. a significant portion of our steel mills and steel products segments' sales are into the commercial, industrial and municipal construction markets. our largest single customer in 2019 represented approximately 5% of sales and consistently pays within terms. in the raw materials segment, we are exposed to price fluctuations related to the purchase of scrap steel, pig iron and iron ore. our exposure to market risk is mitigated by the fact that our steel mills use a significant portion of the products of this segment.
nucor's tax-exempt industrial development revenue bonds ("idrbs") have variable interest rates that are adjusted weekly. these idrbs represented 24% of nucor's long-term debt outstanding at december 31, 2019. the remaining 76% of nucor's long-term debt is at fixed rates. future changes in interest rates are not expected to significantly impact earnings. from time to time, nucor makes use of interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk. as of december 31, 2019, there were no such contracts outstanding. nucor's investment practice is to invest in securities that are highly liquid with short maturities. as a result, we do not expect changes in interest rates to have a significant impact on the value of our investment securities recorded as short-term investments.
nucor also uses derivative financial instruments from time to time to partially manage its exposure to price risk related to purchases of natural gas used in the production process, as well as scrap, copper and aluminum purchased for resale to its customers. in addition, nucor uses forward foreign exchange contracts from time to time to hedge cash flows associated with certain assets and liabilities, firm commitments and anticipated transactions. nucor generally does not enter into derivative instruments for any purpose other than hedging the cash flows associated with specific volumes of commodities that will be purchased and processed or sold in future periods and hedging the exposures related to changes in the fair value of outstanding fixed-rate debt instruments and foreign currency transactions. nucor recognizes all derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value.
the company is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through its operations in canada, europe and mexico. we periodically use derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of currency fluctuations.
dividends nucor has increased its base cash dividend every year since it began paying dividends in 1973. nucor paid dividends of $1.60 per share in 2019, compared with $1.52 per share in 2018. in december 2019, the board of directors increased the regular quarterly cash dividend on nucor's common stock to
33
$0.4025 per share. over the past 10 years, nucor has returned approximately $6.0 billion in capital to its stockholders in the form of base dividends and share repurchases. in february 2020, the board of directors declared nucor's 188th consecutive quarterly cash dividend of $0.4025 per share payable on may 11, 2020 to stockholders of record on march 31, 2020.
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments the following table sets forth our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2019 for the periods presented (in thousands):
payments due by period

contractual obligations            total                   2020                                  2021-2022                 2023-2024                    2025 and thereafter long-term debt                     $4,260,600                            $20,000                  $601,000                  $500,000                  $3,139,600
estimated interest on long-term            2,524,511                     167,654                   327,750                   257,142                   1,771,965
debt (1)
finance leases                               142,852                      20,755                    37,770                    26,073                      58,254
operating leases                             106,065                      26,328                    39,170                    22,101                      18,466
raw material purchase                      2,121,464                     576,767                   585,870                   461,344                     497,483
commitments (2)
utility purchase commitments (2)             742,880                     190,955                   186,059                   126,381                     239,485
other unconditional purchase               1,192,136                   1,145,186                    35,164                     5,000                       6,786
obligations (3)
other long-term obligations (4)              585,598                     423,736                    39,180                     5,032                     117,650
total contractual obligations      $11,676,106                        $2,571,381                $1,851,963                $1,403,073                  $5,849,689
(1)   interest is estimated using applicable rates at december 31, 2019 for nucor's outstanding fixed-rate and variable-rate debt.

(2)   nucor enters into contracts for the purchase of scrap and scrap substitutes, iron ore, electricity, natural gas, and other raw materials and related services. these contracts include multi-year commitments and minimum annual purchase requirements and are valued at prices in effect on december 31, 2019, or according to the contract language. these contracts are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. we do not believe such commitments will adversely affect our liquidity position.

(3)   purchase obligations include commitments for capital expenditures on operating machinery and equipment.

(4)   other long-term obligations include amounts associated with nucor's early-retiree medical benefits, management compensation and guarantees.

note: in addition to the amounts shown in the table above, $50.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits have been recorded as liabilities, and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. related to these unrecognized tax benefits, we have also recorded a liability for potential penalties and interest of $11.9 million at december 31, 2019.
outlook in 2020, we expect to continue to take advantage of our position of strength to grow nucor's long-term earnings power and stockholder value by continuing to successfully implement our five drivers to profitable growth strategy. utilizing this strategy, we have invested significant capital over a broad range of strategic acquisitions and investments that we believe will further enhance our ability to: grow nucor's long-term earnings power by increasing our channels to market; expand our product portfolios into higher value-added offerings that are less vulnerable to imports; improve our highly variable low-cost structure; build upon our market leadership positions; and achieve commercial excellence. we are utilizing nucor's financial strength to execute on investment opportunities to further grow our long-term earnings capacity.
we expect nucor's earnings in the first quarter of 2020 to increase as compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. we expect earnings in the steel mills segment to increase in the first quarter of 2020 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 (excluding the fourth quarter of 2019 impairment charge), due to price increases that were announced in the fourth quarter of 2019 and expected higher volumes. we expect a more stable pricing environment in 2020 after the severe inventory destocking that occurred in
34
2019. we expect the profitability of the steel products segment in the first quarter of 2020 to decrease as compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 (excluding the fourth quarter of 2019 impairment charges), due to normal seasonality. we expect the performance of the raw materials segment to increase in the first quarter of 2020 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, due to an improvement in pricing for raw materials, the absence of the impairment charge related to our proved producing natural gas well assets and no planned nonroutine outages at our louisiana dri plant.
as we begin 2020, we see stable or improving market conditions in 17 of the 24 end-use markets that we monitor. we believe that full year domestic steel demand will experience modest growth in 2020 as compared to 2019. backlog volumes in both the steel mills and steel products segments were higher at the end of 2019 compared to the end of 2018.
we are ever mindful of the threat of increases in imported steel stemming from the still significant excess foreign steel capacity. the section 232 tariffs are having their intended impact by taking artificially low-cost foreign imports out of the u.s. market. over the past decade, the steel industry has won several important trade cases that addressed unfairly traded imports prior to the imposition of the section 232 tariffs. the cumulative impact of those trade case victories also took a sizeable amount of unfairly traded imports out of the market, and those duties will remain in the event the section 232 tariffs are lifted.
we are committed to executing on the opportunities we see ahead to reward nucor stockholders with very attractive long-term returns on their valuable capital invested in our company. our industry-leading financial strength allows us to support investments in our facilities that we believe will enable us to generate increased profitability. in 2020, as we have in our past, we will allocate capital to investments that we believe will build our long-term earnings power. capital expenditures are currently projected to be approximately $2.0 billion in 2020 and we will be very focused on ensuring that these investments generate appropriate returns.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at year end and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the year. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the valuation allowances for receivables, the carrying value of non-current assets and reserves for environmental obligations and income taxes. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. accordingly, actual costs could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
allowances for doubtful accounts we maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. the company records any amount required to reduce the carrying value of inventory to net realizable value as a charge to cost of products sold. scrap and scrap substitute costs are a very significant component of the raw material, semi-finished and finished product inventory balances. the vast majority of the company's inventory is recorded on the first-in, first-out method. production costs are applied to semi-finished and finished product inventory from the approximate period in which they are produced.
35
if steel selling prices were to decline in future quarters, write-downs of inventory could result. specifically, the valuation of raw material inventories purchased during periods of peak market pricing would most likely be impacted. low utilization rates at our steel mills or raw materials facilities could hinder our ability to work through high-priced scrap and scrap substitutes (particularly pig iron and iron ore), leading to period-end exposure when comparing carrying value to net realizable value.
long-lived asset impairments we evaluate our property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment on an individual asset basis or at the lowest level asset grouping for which cash flows can be independently identified. asset impairments are assessed whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of those productive assets could exceed their projected undiscounted cash flows. in developing estimated values for assets that we currently use in our operations, we utilize judgments and assumptions of future undiscounted cash flows that the assets will produce. when it is determined that an impairment exists, the related assets are written down to estimated fair market value.
certain long-lived asset groupings were tested for impairment during the fourth quarter of 2019. undiscounted cash flows for each asset grouping were estimated using management's long-range estimates of market conditions associated with each asset grouping over the estimated useful life of the principal asset within the group. our undiscounted cash flow analysis indicated that, other than the two groupings discussed below, the tested long-lived asset groupings were recoverable as of december 31, 2019; however, if our projected cash flows are not realized, either because of an extended recessionary period or other unforeseen events, impairment charges may be required in future periods. a 20% decrease in the projected cash flows of each of our asset groupings would not result in an impairment.
in the third quarter of 2018, due to the deteriorating natural gas pricing environment at our sales point in the piceance basin, nucor determined a triggering event had occurred and performed an impairment analysis that resulted in a $110.0 million non-cash impairment charge relating to two of its three groups ("fields") of wells. one of the main assumptions that most significantly affects the undiscounted cash flows determination is management's estimate of future pricing of natural gas and natural gas liquids. the pricing used in the impairment assessment was developed by management based on projected natural gas market supply and demand dynamics, in conjunction with a review of projections by market analysts. management also makes key estimates on the expected reserve levels and on the expected lease operating costs. the impairment assessment was performed on each of nucor's three fields of wells, with each field defined by common geographic location.
the natural gas pricing environment continued to decline in 2019 and the resulting decrease in performance of the natural gas well assets reached such a point in the fourth quarter of 2019 that nucor determined a triggering event had occurred. nucor performed an impairment analysis on all three fields. the field of wells that was not impaired as a result of the 2018 analysis did not pass the 2019 undiscounted cash flow impairment analysis. an after-tax discounted cash flow analysis was performed for this field to determine the amount of impairment, which was $35.0 million. an increase in the estimated lease operating cost projections was the primary factor in causing this field of wells to be impaired. the non-cash impairment charges are included in the raw materials segment and in impairment of assets in the consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the post-impairment carrying value of this field was $12.3 million at december 31, 2019 ($51.8 million at december 31, 2018). the two previously impaired fields had a combined carrying value of $66.6 million at december 31, 2019 ($71.0 million at december 31, 2018). changes in the natural gas industry or a prolonged low-price environment beyond what had already been assumed in the assessments could cause management to revise the natural gas and natural gas liquids price assumptions, the estimated reserves or the estimated lease operating costs. unfavorable revisions to these assumptions or estimates could possibly result in further impairment of some or all of the fields of proved well assets.
in the steel mills segment, nucor recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $20.0 million related to certain property, plant and equipment at our plate mill in texas. this charge is included in impairment of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019.
36
goodwill and intangibles goodwill is tested annually for impairment and whenever events or circumstances change that would make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. we perform our annual impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter each year. the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current estimated fair value of each reporting unit to the recorded value, including goodwill.
when appropriate, nucor performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. for certain reporting units, it is necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. in these instances, a discounted cash flow model is used to determine the current estimated fair value of these reporting units. significant assumptions used to determine the fair value of each reporting unit as part of our annual testing (and any required interim testing) include: (i) expected cash flow for the five-year period following the testing date (including market share, sales volumes and prices, costs to produce and estimated capital needs); (ii) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year growth rate determined based on the growth prospects of the reporting unit; (iii) a discount rate based on management's best estimate of the after-tax weighted-average cost of capital; and (iv) a probability-weighted scenario approach by which varying cash flows are assigned to certain scenarios based on the likelihood of occurrence. management considers historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all available information at the time the fair values of its reporting units are estimated. those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove appropriate.
our fourth quarter 2019 annual goodwill impairment analysis did not result in an impairment charge. management does not believe that future impairment of these reporting units is probable. however, the performance of certain businesses that comprise our reporting units requires continued improvement. an increase of approximately 50 basis points in the discount rate, a critical assumption in which a minor change can have a significant impact on the estimated fair value, would not result in an impairment charge. see note 9 to the company's consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the results of the company's 2019 annual goodwill impairment analysis.
nucor will continue to monitor operating results within all reporting units throughout 2020 in an effort to determine if events and circumstances warrant further interim impairment testing. otherwise, all reporting units will again be subject to the required annual qualitative and/or quantitative impairment test during our fourth quarter of 2020. changes in the judgments and estimates underlying our analysis of goodwill for possible impairment, including expected future operating cash flows and discount rate, could decrease the estimated fair value of our reporting units in the future and could result in an impairment of goodwill.
as a result of management's changes to their business strategy and structure, an impairment charge of $3.3 million was taken on the finite-lived intangible assets associated with the grating reporting unit. additionally, an impairment charge of $8.6 million was taken on the finite-lived intangible assets, specifically trade names, associated with the tubular products reporting unit due to the restructuring and name change of the entities in that reporting unit as of january 1, 2020.
equity method investments investments in joint ventures in which nucor shares control over the financial and operating decisions but in which nucor is not the primary beneficiary are accounted for under the equity method. each of the company's equity method investments is subject to a review for impairment if, and when, circumstances indicate that a decline in value below its carrying amount may have occurred. examples of such circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant deterioration in the earnings performance or business prospects of the investee; missed financial projections; a significant adverse change in the regulatory, tax, economic or technological environment of the investee; a significant adverse change in the general market condition of either the geographic area or the industry in which the investee operates; and recurring negative cash flows from operations. when management considers the decline to be other than temporary, the company would write down the related investment to its estimated fair market value. an other-than-temporary decline in carrying value is determined to have occurred when, in management's judgment, a decline in fair value below carrying value is of such length of time and/or severity that it is considered long-term.
37
in the event that an impairment review is necessary, we calculate the estimated fair value of our equity method investments using a probability-weighted multiple-scenario income approach. management's analysis includes three discounted cash flow scenarios (best case, base case and recessionary case), which contain forecasted near-term cash flows under each scenario. generally, (i) the best case scenario contains estimates of future results ranging from slightly higher than recent operating performance to levels that are consistent with historical operating and financial performance; (ii) the base case scenario contains estimates of future results ranging from generally in line with recent operating performance to levels that are more conservative than historical operating and financial performance; and (iii) the recessionary case scenario contains estimates of future results which include limited growth resulting only from operational cost improvements and limited benefits of new higher-value product offerings. management determines the probability that each cash flow scenario will come to fruition based on the specific facts and circumstances of each of the preceding scenarios, with the base case typically receiving the majority of the weighting.
key assumptions used to determine the fair value of our equity method investments include: (i) expected cash flow for the six-year period following the testing date (including market share, sales volumes and prices, costs to produce and estimated capital needs); (ii) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year growth rate determined based on the growth prospects of the investment; (iii) a discount rate based on management's best estimate of the after-tax weighted-average cost of capital; and (iv) a probability-weighted scenario approach by which varying cash flows are assigned to certain scenarios based on the likelihood of occurrence. while the assumptions that most significantly affect the fair value determination include projected revenues, metal margins and discount rate, the assumptions are often interdependent, and no single factor predominates in determining the estimated fair value. management considers historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all available information at the time the fair values of its investments are estimated. those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove appropriate.
due to the protracted challenging steel market conditions in europe, nucor concluded that it was appropriate to assess its equity investment in duferdofin nucor for impairment during the fourth quarter of 2019. after completing its assessment, the company determined that the estimated fair value exceeded its carrying amount by a sufficient amount and that there was no need for an impairment charge. the assumptions that most significantly affect the fair value determination include projected cashflows and the discount rate. it is reasonably possible that material deviation of future performance from the estimates used in our most recent valuation could result in impairment of our investment in duferdofin nucor.
environmental remediation we are subject to environmental laws and regulations established by federal, state and local authorities, and we make provisions for the estimated costs related to compliance. undiscounted remediation liabilities are accrued based on estimates of known environmental exposures. the accruals are reviewed periodically and, as investigations and remediation proceed, adjustments are made as we believe are necessary. our measurement of environmental liabilities is based on currently available facts, present laws and regulations and current technology.
income taxes we utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes. under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. we recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within operations are recognized as a component of interest expense and other expenses.
38
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the company's consolidated financial statements for a discussion of accounting pronouncements and guidance adopted by nucor during 2019.
note regarding forward-looking statements certain statements made in this report, or in other public filings, press releases, or other written or oral communications made by nucor, which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements subject to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which we expect will or may occur in the future and may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "project," "may," "will," "should," "could" and similar expressions are intended to identify those forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements reflect the company's best judgment based on current information, and, although we base these statements on circumstances that we believe to be reasonable when made, there can be no assurance that future events will not affect the accuracy of such forward-looking information. as such, the forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may vary materially from the projected results and expectations discussed in this report. factors that might cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (1) competitive pressure on sales and pricing, including pressure from imports and substitute materials; (2) u.s. and foreign trade policies affecting steel imports or exports; (3) the sensitivity of the results of our operations to prevailing market steel prices and changes in the supply and cost of raw materials, including pig iron, iron ore and scrap steel; (4) the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas which could negatively affect our cost of steel production or result in a delay or cancellation of existing or future drilling within our natural gas drilling programs; (5) critical equipment failures and business interruptions; (6) market demand for steel products, which, in the case of many of our products, is driven by the level of nonresidential construction activity in the united states; (7) impairment in the recorded value of inventory, equity investments, fixed assets, goodwill or other long-lived assets; (8) uncertainties surrounding the global economy, including excess world capacity for steel production; (9) fluctuations in currency conversion rates; (10) significant changes in laws or government regulations affecting environmental compliance, including legislation and regulations that result in greater regulation of ghg emissions that could increase our energy costs and our capital expenditures and operating costs or cause one or more of our permits to be revoked or make it more difficult to obtain permit modifications; (11) the cyclical nature of the steel industry; (12) capital investments and their impact on our performance; (13) our safety performance and (14) the risks discussed in in part i, "item 1a. risk factors" of this report.
caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this report. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. in evaluating forward-looking statements, these risks and uncertainties should be considered, together with the other risks described from time to our reports and other filings with the sec.
39
