item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating the company and its common stock. any of the following risks, or other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the company’s business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the company’s common stock.
the company’s businesses operate in a highly competitive business environment, and the company’s success depends on its ability to compete effectively.
the company’s businesses face significant competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment, including both traditional and new content providers. this competition continues to intensify as a result of rapid changes in technologies and platforms, and the company may be adversely affected if consumers migrate to other alternatives. for example, advertising and circulation revenues in the company’s news and information services segment may continue to decline, reflecting consumers’ increasing reliance on a variety of content providers and platforms, including search engines, news aggregation websites, social media networks and customized news feeds, for the delivery of news and information, often without charge. in addition, due to the increased availability of high-speed internet access and innovations in content distribution platforms that enable streaming and downloading of programming, consumers are now more readily able to watch internet-delivered content through an increasing variety of providers. these providers include iptv and svod services, such as fetch tv, netflix, stan and amazon prime video, streaming services offered through digital media providers, such as youtube and facebook, as well as programmers and distributors, such as cbs, disney and the fta networks, that have begun providing content, including smaller, lower-cost or free programming packages, directly to consumers over the internet. the increasing number of choices available to consumers for video content has caused some of the subscribers to the company’s pay-tv services to disconnect their services, downgrade to smaller, less expensive programming packages or purchase certain services from other providers, and this may continue. this trend has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, both the company’s subscription revenue and, in turn, advertisers’ willingness to purchase television advertising from the company.
in order to compete effectively, the company must differentiate and distinguish its products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behaviors, which in turn, depends on many factors both within and beyond its control. for example, the company relies on acceptance of the high-quality differentiated content in its newspapers, book titles, pay-tv programming and radio stations, as well as its wide array of digital and mobile products and services, in order to retain and grow its audiences, consumers and subscribers. however, when faced with a multitude of choices, consumers may place greater value on the convenience and price of content and other products and services than they do on their source, quality or reliability. online traffic and product purchases are also driven by internet search results, referrals from social media and other platforms and visibility on digital marketplace platforms and in mobile app stores. search engine results and digital marketplace and mobile app store rankings are based on algorithms that change frequently, and social media and other platforms may also vary their emphasis on what content to highlight for users. any failure to successfully manage and adapt to these changes across the company’s businesses, including those affecting how the company’s content, apps and products are prioritized, displayed and monetized, could result in significant decreases in traffic to the company’s digital properties, lower advertiser interest in those properties, increased costs if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic and lower product sales and subscriptions or otherwise adversely affect the company’s business.
from time to time, the company may pursue new strategic initiatives in order to remain competitive, such as its ott strategy and its planned migration of subscribers from cable to satellite or internet delivery at its pay-tv business and its new concierge model for its u.s. digital real estate business. the company may be required to incur significant capital expenditures, marketing and other costs in order to implement these strategies, which may be dilutive to its earnings. there can be no assurance these initiatives will be successful in the manner or
19
time period the company expects or that it will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits it expects such strategy to achieve. the failure to realize those benefits could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the company is targeting a different demographic with its new streaming services, which are offered at a lower price point than its traditional broadcast subscription packages. however, if instead those streaming offerings cause broadcast subscribers to disconnect their services or downgrade to smaller, less expensive programming packages, the company’s revenues may be materially and adversely affected.
some of the company’s current and potential competitors may have greater resources, fewer regulatory burdens, better competitive positions in certain areas, greater operating capabilities, greater access to sources of content or other services and/or easier access to financing, which may allow them to respond more effectively to changes in technology, consumer preferences and market conditions. continued consolidation among competitors in certain industries in which the company’s businesses operate may increase these advantages, including through greater scale, financial leverage and/or access to content and other offerings. if the company is unable to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
the company must respond to new technologies and changes in consumer behavior and continue to innovate and provide useful products in order to remain competitive.
technology continues to evolve rapidly, and the resulting changes in consumer behavior and preferences create constant opportunities for new and existing competitors that can quickly render the company’s products and services less valuable. for example, alternative methods for the delivery, storage and consumption of digital content, including the distribution of news and other content through social networking tools and on mobile and other devices, often without charge, internet and mobile distribution of video content via streaming and downloading and digital distribution models for books, have empowered consumers to seek more control over the convenience and price of content consumption. enhanced internet capabilities and the development of new media channels may continue to reduce the demand for the company’s newspapers, television programs and other products and services and the price consumers are willing to pay for such products and services. consumption of the company’s content on new delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control, loss of a direct relationship with consumers and lower engagement and subscription rates. in addition, other technological developments, such as those allowing consumers to skip, fast forward through or block advertisements or otherwise time-shift viewing, may cause changes in consumer behavior that adversely affect the attractiveness of the company’s offerings to advertisers.
technological developments have in many cases also increased competition by significantly lowering barriers to entry. for example, content providers are now able to compete with our pay-tv business via direct-to-consumer offerings, as internet streaming capabilities enabled the disaggregation of content delivery from the ownership of network infrastructure. other digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated sites and self-publishing tools, have also reduced the effort and expense of producing and distributing content on a wide scale, allowing digital content providers, customers, suppliers and other third parties to compete with the company, often at a lower cost. this trend may drive down the price consumers are willing to spend on the company’s products disproportionately to the costs associated with generating content. additional digital distribution channels, such as online retailers and digital marketplaces, have presented, and may continue to present, challenges to the company’s business models, including its traditional book publishing model, which could adversely affect sales volume and/or pricing.
the company must continue to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to ensure its products and services remain relevant and useful for consumers and customers, are delivered in the manner in which consumers and customers wish to consume them and are offered at competitive prices. the company may be required to incur significant capital expenditures and other costs in order to respond to new technologies, new and enhanced offerings from its competitors and changes in consumer behavior, and to attract
20
and retain employees with the necessary skill sets and knowledge base. for example, the company has made, and expects to continue to makes investments and incur costs in its pay-tv business as it continues to develop and improve its ott services, including its recently-launched kayo sports streaming service, foxtel now and other potential new ott services. the development of new technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process, and there is a risk the company may not be able to develop and market these opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner and its responses and strategies to remain competitive, including new product offerings, may not be accepted by consumers or generate sufficient revenues to be profitable. the company’s failure to respond to and develop new technologies, distribution channels and platforms, products and services to take advantage of advancements in technology and the latest consumer preferences could cause its customer, audience and/or user base or its advertisers to decline, in some cases precipitously, and could have a significant adverse effect on its business, asset values, results of operations and financial condition.
a decline in customer advertising expenditures in the company’s newspaper and other businesses could cause its revenues and operating results to decline significantly.
the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising through its newspapers, integrated marketing services, digital media properties, cable channels and other pay-tv programming and radio stations. the company’s ability to generate advertising revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including: (1) demand for the company’s products and services, (2) audience fragmentation, (3) digital advertising trends, (4) its ability to offer advertising products and formats sought by advertisers, (5) general economic and business conditions, (6) demographics of the customer base, (7) advertising rates and (8) advertising effectiveness.
demand for the company’s products and services depends upon the company’s ability to differentiate those products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer behaviors and is evaluated based on a variety of metrics. for example, circulation levels for the company’s newspapers, ratings points for its cable channels and number of listeners for its radio stations are among the factors advertisers consider when determining the amount of advertising to purchase from the company as well as advertising rates. for the company’s digital media properties, advertisers evaluate consumer demand using metrics such as the number of visits, number of users and user engagement. any difficulty or failure in accurately measuring demand, particularly demand generated through new platforms, may lead to under-measurement and, in turn, lower advertising pricing and spending.   the increasing popularity of digital media among consumers as a source of news and other content has driven a corresponding shift in advertising from traditional channels to digital platforms. this shift has significantly impacted the company’s print advertising revenues in particular, which have declined in each of its last three fiscal years. the development of new devices and technologies, as well as higher consumer engagement with other forms of digital media such as online and mobile social networking, are increasing the number of media choices and formats available to audiences, resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising. in addition, in the past, rates have been generally lower for mobile advertising than for desktop advertising. as a result, increasing consumer reliance on mobile devices may add additional pricing pressure. consequently, the company’s digital advertising revenue may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption.
the digital advertising market also continues to undergo significant changes that may further impact digital advertising revenues. digital advertising networks and exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale are playing a more significant role in the advertising marketplace and may cause further downward pricing pressure. new delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control and loss of a direct relationship with consumers. in addition, evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, as well as the development and implementation of technology and policies that adversely affect the company’s ability to deliver, target or measure the effectiveness
21
of its advertising such as blocking, changing the location of, or obscuring, the display of advertising on websites and mobile devices and/or blocking or deleting cookies, may also negatively impact digital advertising revenues. as the digital advertising market continues to evolve, the company’s ability to compete successfully for advertising budgets will depend on, among other things, its ability to drive scale, engage and grow digital audiences, collect and leverage better user data, develop new digital advertising products and formats such as branded and other custom content, and video and mobile advertising, and prove the value of its advertising and the effectiveness of the company’s platforms to its advertising customers, including through more targeted, data-driven offerings. in recent years, large digital platforms such as facebook, google and amazon, which have extensive audience reach and targeting capabilities, have commanded an increasing share of the digital advertising market, and the company expects this trend may continue.
the company’s print and digital advertising revenue is also affected generally by overall national and local economic and business conditions, including consumer spending, housing sales, auto sales, unemployment rates and job creation, advertisers’ budgeting and buying patterns, which tend to be cyclical, as well as federal, state and local election cycles. in addition, certain sectors of the economy account for a significant portion of the company’s advertising revenues, including retail, technology and finance. some of these sectors, such as retail, are more susceptible to weakness in economic conditions and have also been under pressure from increased online competition. a decline in the economic prospects of these and other advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities or result in consolidation or closures across various industries, which may also reduce the company’s overall advertising revenue.
while the company has adopted a number of strategies and initiatives to address these challenges, there can be no guarantee that its efforts will be successful. if the company is unable to demonstrate the continuing value of its various platforms and high-quality content and brands or offer advertisers unique multi-platform advertising programs, its results may suffer. reduced demand for the company’s offerings, a decrease in advertising expenditures by the company’s customers or a surplus of advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the company’s businesses and assets, results of operations and financial condition.
the inability to obtain and retain sports, entertainment and other programming rights and content could adversely affect the revenue of certain of the company’s operating businesses, and costs could also increase upon renewal.
competition for popular programming licensed from third parties is intense, and the success of certain of the company’s operating businesses, including its pay-tv business, depends on, among other things, their ability to obtain and retain rights to desirable programming and certain related elements thereof, such as music rights, that enable them to deliver content to subscribers and audiences in the manner in which they wish to consume it and at competitive prices. the pay-tv industry, including the company’s pay-tv business, has experienced higher programming costs due to, among other things, (1) increases imposed by sports, entertainment and other programmers when offering new programming or upon the expiration of existing contracts; (2) the carriage of incremental programming, including new services and svod programming; and (3) increased competition from other digital media companies, including svod providers, for the rights to popular or exclusive content. certain of the company’s operating businesses, including its pay-tv business, are party to contracts for sports, entertainment and other programming rights with various third parties, including professional sports leagues and teams, television and motion picture producers and other content providers. these contracts have varying durations and renewal terms, and as they expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought. in the course of renegotiating these and other agreements as they expire, the financial and other terms of these contracts may change as a result of various reasons beyond the company’s control, such as changes in the company’s bargaining power or in the industry, and in order to retain or extend such rights, the company may be required to increase the value of its offer to amounts that substantially exceed the existing contract costs. furthermore, third parties may outbid the company for those rights and/or for any new programming offerings. in addition, as other content providers develop their own competing services, they may be unwilling to provide the company with
22
access to certain content. for example, professional sports leagues or teams, as well as programmers and distributors such as cbs and disney, have created and may continue to create their own direct-to-consumer offerings. further, consolidation among content providers may increase the amount of content that could become unavailable to the company. the loss of rights may adversely affect the breadth or quality of the company’s content offerings, including the extent of the sports coverage and the availability of other popular entertainment programming offered by the company and lead to customer or audience dissatisfaction or, in some cases, loss of customers or audiences, which could, in turn, adversely affect its revenues. in addition, the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if upon renewal, escalations in programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees and advertising rates.
the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions, investments and divestitures that introduce significant risks and uncertainties.
in order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions and investments that involve significant risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (4) with respect to investments, risks associated with the inability to control the operations of the business, (5) the risk of diverting the attention of the company’s senior management from the company’s operations, (6) the risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, (7) the difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses, (8) in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of specific economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with the relevant countries, (9) liabilities, both known and unknown, associated with the acquired businesses or investments and (10) in some cases, increased regulation. if any acquired business or investment fails to operate as anticipated or an acquired business cannot be successfully integrated with the company’s existing businesses, the company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation could be adversely affected, and the company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets.
in addition, the company has divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with its strategic direction or growth targets. divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. these include, among others, the inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms, disruption to its business and/or diversion of management attention from other business concerns, loss of key employees, difficulties in separating the operations of the divested business and possible retention of certain liabilities related to the divested business.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on the company’s results of operations.
the company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its consolidated debt when the debt is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations whose cash flows support the ability to repay or refinance such debt. as of june 30, 2019, the foxtel operating subsidiaries, whose functional currency is australian dollars, had approximately $575 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness denominated in u.s. dollars. the company’s policy is to hedge against the risk of foreign currency exchange rate movements with respect to this exposure where commercially reasonable. however, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements.
in addition, the company is exposed to foreign currency translation risk because it has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in currencies other than the company’s reporting currency, primarily the australian dollar and the british pound sterling. since the
23
company’s financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the company’s earnings when the results of those operations that are reported in foreign currencies are translated into u.s. dollars for inclusion in the company’s consolidated financial statements, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its reported results of operations in a given period or in specific markets. in particular, exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the british pound sterling are expected to remain volatile due to continued political uncertainty in the u.k. and the negotiation of its exit from the european union, commonly referred to as “brexit.”
weak domestic and global economic conditions and volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets may adversely affect the company’s business.
the u.s. and global economies have undergone, and continue to experience, periods of economic and market weakness or uncertainty, including as a result of recent trade disputes between a number of countries. these conditions have in the past resulted in, among other things, a general tightening in the credit and capital markets, limited access to the credit and capital markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending, lower consumer net worth and a dramatic decline in the real estate market. such market disruptions have often led to broader economic downturns that have historically resulted in lower advertising expenditures, lower demand for the company’s products and services and unfavorable changes in the mix of products and services purchased and have adversely affected the company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. any continued or recurring economic weakness could further impact the company’s business and reduce its circulation and subscription, advertising, real estate, consumer and other revenues and otherwise negatively impact the performance of its businesses. the company is particularly exposed to certain australian business risks, including specific australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer preferences and competition, because it holds a substantial amount of australian assets and generated approximately 40% of its fiscal 2019 revenues from australia. as a result, the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by negative developments in the australian market, including, for example, recent weakness in the australian residential real estate market which has led, and may continue to lead, to lower listing volumes at rea group. the company also generated approximately 13% of its fiscal 2019 revenues from the u.k., which continues to experience political, regulatory, economic and market uncertainty as it negotiates the terms of brexit. while the impact of brexit is difficult to predict, it could significantly affect the fiscal, monetary, political and regulatory landscape, lead other member countries to consider leaving the european union, result in the diminishment or elimination of barrier-free access between the u.k. and other european union member states and additional volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets and have an adverse impact on the company’s businesses in the u.k. and elsewhere.
in addition, further volatility and disruption in the financial markets could make it more difficult and expensive for the company to obtain financing or refinance its existing indebtedness. these conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the company does business to satisfy their obligations to the company, including as a result of their inability to obtain capital on acceptable terms. although the company believes that its capitalization, operating cash flow and current access to credit and capital markets, including the company’s revolving credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that any further volatility and disruption in domestic and global credit and capital markets will not impair the company’s liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing.
the company relies on network and information systems and other technology whose failure or misuse could cause a disruption of services or loss, improper access to or disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs, loss of revenue, reputational damage or other harm to the company’s business.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the company’s network management, are important to its business activities and contain the company’s proprietary, confidential and
24
sensitive business information, including personal data of its customers and personnel. the company also relies on third party providers for certain technology and “cloud-based” systems and services that support a variety of business operations. network and information systems-related events affecting the company’s systems, or those of third parties upon which the company’s business relies, such as computer compromises, cyber threats and attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities by individuals or state-sponsored or other groups, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power and internet outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities, war, human or technological error or malfeasance that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of the company’s business and/or loss, corruption, improper access to or disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the company’s disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient to address all potential cyber events. unauthorized parties may also fraudulently induce the company’s employees or other agents to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to the company’s systems, facilities or data, or those of third parties with whom the company does business. in addition, any design or manufacturing defects in, or the improper implementation of, hardware or software applications the company develops or procures from third parties could unexpectedly disrupt the company’s network and information systems or compromise information security.
in recent years, there has been a significant rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies’ network and information systems, and such attacks have become more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent against. as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase, particularly as the company’s digital businesses expand. the company has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of which have been material to the company to date, individually or in the aggregate. while the company and its vendors have developed and implemented security measures and internal controls that are designed to protect personal data, business information, including intellectual property, and other confidential information, to prevent data loss, and to prevent or detect security breaches, such security measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques used to access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, and any network and information systems-related events could require the company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. while the company maintains cyber risk insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses from any future breaches of the company’s systems and does not extend to reputational damage or costs incurred to improve or strengthen systems against future incidents.
a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the company’s systems, or those of third parties upon which its business relies, could result in a disruption of its operations, including degradation or disruption of service, equipment damage, customer, audience or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, lawsuits, remediation costs, a loss of customers, audience, advertisers, business partners or revenues and other financial losses. if any such failure, interruption or similar event results in improper access to or disclosure of information maintained in the company’s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal and credit card data, as well as confidential and proprietary information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the company’s business, including its intellectual property, the company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. the company may also be required to notify certain governmental agencies and/or regulators (including the appropriate eu supervisory authority) about any actual or perceived data security breach, as well as the individuals who are affected by any such incident, within strict time periods. in addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities in the company’s systems or those of third parties upon which its business relies, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact the company’s brand and reputation and materially affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
25
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment and restructuring charges.
as a result of adverse developments in the company’s industry and challenging market conditions, the company may recognize impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill, intangible assets, investments and other long-lived assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the company’s results of operations and, in the case of cash restructuring charges, its financial condition. impairments and restructuring charges may also negatively impact the company’s taxes, including its ability to deduct certain interest costs. the company’s management must regularly evaluate the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to the company’s cash flows in order to determine whether, based on projected discounted future cash flows and other market assumptions, the carrying value for such assets exceeds current fair value and the company should recognize an impairment. in accordance with gaap, the company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including newspaper mastheads, distribution networks, publishing imprints, radio broadcast licenses, trademarks and trade names, publishing rights and customer relationships, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. the company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the business environment, credit and capital markets or the economy generally and actual or projected operating results, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and long-lived assets, or require the company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these conditions. for example, any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue, the expected popularity of the programming for which the company has acquired rights and/or consumer acceptance of new products, including the company’s new svod services, could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or other long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which non-cash charges would be required, and any such charge could be material to the company’s reported results of operations. for example, in fiscal 2019, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $96 million, primarily related to goodwill at a reporting unit within the news and information services segment. in addition, as of june 30, 2019, the company had approximately $2.0 billion of goodwill that is at risk for future impairment because the fair values of the corresponding reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values in a range from approximately 0% to 5%. the company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends.
there can be no assurance that the company will have access to the credit and capital markets on terms acceptable to it, and the significant leverage of its foxtel operating subsidiaries could limit the ability of those subsidiaries to access the credit and capital markets and have other adverse effects.
from time to time the company expects to access the credit and capital markets to obtain financing or refinance existing indebtedness. although the company believes that the sources of capital currently in place, including the company’s revolving credit facility, will permit the company to finance its operations for the foreseeable future on acceptable terms and conditions, the company’s access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors. the company’s foxtel operating subsidiaries have significant leverage that could limit or prevent them from incurring additional debt or refinancing or otherwise extending the maturities of their existing debt. as of june 30, 2019, the foxtel operating subsidiaries’ total outstanding indebtedness was $1.2 billion, including $281 million due in fiscal 2020, with the remainder having various maturities through fiscal 2025. factors impacting the company’s ability to access the credit and capital markets include, but are not limited to: (1) the financial and operational performance of the company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (2) the company’s credit ratings or absence of a credit rating and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (3) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents (collectively, the “debt documents”); (4) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets; and (5) the state of the economy. there can be no assurance that the company (particularly as news corp currently has no credit rating) will continue to have access to the credit and capital markets on terms acceptable to it.
26
the company’s consolidated debt could also have other adverse effects. a portion of the outstanding debt bears interest at variable rates, which exposes the company to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. if interest rates increase, the applicable debt service obligations will increase, which could reduce available cash flow and make it more difficult to make scheduled debt payments and/or limit the amount of cash available for operations, including investments and capital expenditures. although the company hedges a portion of the exposure to these interest rate movements, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements. in addition, the foxtel operating subsidiaries’ outstanding debt documents contain significant financial and operating covenants that may limit their operational and financial flexibility. subject to certain exceptions, these covenants restrict or prohibit these operating subsidiaries from, among other things, undertaking certain transactions, disposing of properties or assets (including subsidiary stock), merging or consolidating with any other person, making financial accommodation available, giving guarantees, entering into certain other financing arrangements, creating or permitting certain liens, engaging in transactions with affiliates, making repayments of other loans and undergoing fundamental business changes. these instruments also generally include financial covenants requiring the foxtel operating subsidiaries to maintain specified total debt to ebitda and interest coverage ratios. in the event any of these covenants are breached and such breach results in a default under any of the foxtel operating subsidiaries’ debt documents, the lenders or noteholders, as applicable, may accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness under the applicable debt documents, which could result in a default under other outstanding debt documents and could have a material adverse impact on the company’s business, results of operation and financial condition.
the company’s business could be adversely impacted by changes in governmental policy and regulation.
various aspects of the company’s activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the company’s products and services are produced or distributed, and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries, could have a negative impact on its interests. in addition, laws and regulations in some international jurisdictions differ from those in the united states, and the enforcement of those laws and regulations may be inconsistent and unpredictable. the company may incur substantial costs or be required to change its business practices in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and could incur substantial penalties or other liabilities in the event of any failure to comply.
the company’s australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the australian media industry or to australian companies in general. this includes:
•                                                anti-siphoning legislation which currently prevents pay-tv providers such as foxtel from acquiring rights to televise certain listed events (for example, the olympic games and certain australian rules football and cricket matches) unless:

–   national or commercial television broadcasters have not obtained these rights 26 weeks before the start of the event;

–   the rights are held by commercial television licensees whose television broadcasting services cover more than
50% of the australian population; or

–   the rights are held by one of australia’s two major government-funded broadcasters;

•                                               other parts of the broadcasting services act that regulate ownership interests and control of australian media organizations. such legislation may have an impact on the company’s ownership structure and operations and may restrict its ability to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities; and

•   the telecommunications act and associated codes, which apply various consumer protection regimes to foxtel as a telecommunications service provider.

the company’s business activities are also subject to various laws and regulations in the united states and internationally governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which have
27
implications for how such data is managed. many of these laws and regulations continue to evolve, and substantial uncertainty surrounds their scope and application. complying with these laws and regulations could be costly, require the company to change its business practices, or limit or restrict aspects of the company’s business in a manner adverse to its business operations, including by inhibiting or preventing the collection of information that would enable it to provide more targeted, data-driven advertising offerings. the company’s failure to comply, even if inadvertent or in good faith, or as a result of a compromise, breach or interruption of the company’s systems by a third party, could result in exposure to enforcement by u.s. federal or state or foreign governments or private actors, as well as significant negative publicity and reputational damage. examples of such laws are the european union’s gdpr, which went into effect in 2018, expanding the regulation of personal data processing throughout the european union and significantly increasing maximum penalties for non-compliance, and california’s ccpa, which will take effect on january 1, 2020 and will put greater restrictions on the collection and use of personal information. see “governmental regulation—data privacy and security” for more information. finally, because some of the company’s products and services are available on the internet, it may be subject to laws or regulations exposing it to liability or compliance obligations even in jurisdictions where the company does not have a substantial presence.
in addition, the company’s newspaper publishing businesses in the u.k. are subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the leveson inquiry into the u.k. press. following the inquiry, the u.k. government established a press recognition panel responsible for approving and monitoring a new press regulatory body. publishers who are not members of an approved regulator, including the company, may be subject to exemplary damages in privacy and libel cases and, if section 40 of the crime and courts act 2013 is enacted, the payment of costs for both parties in libel actions in certain circumstances. the majority of the u.k. press, including news uk, has established an alternative regulator, the independent press standards organisation, or ipso. ipso, which has indicated that it does not intend to seek approval by the press recognition panel, has powers to impose burdens on its print media members in the u.k. these powers, which include the ability to impose fines of up to £1 million for systemic breaches of ipso’s editor’s code of practice, may result in competitive disadvantages versus other forms of media and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance.
the company’s radio stations in the u.k. and ireland are also subject to governmental regulation by the relevant broadcast authorities as the company is required to obtain and maintain licenses from such authorities to operate these stations. although the company expects its licenses will, where relevant, be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. non-compliance by the company with the requirements associated with such licenses or other applicable laws and regulations, including of the relevant authority, could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other adverse regulatory actions.
adverse results from litigation or other proceedings could impact the company’s business practices and operating results.
from time to time, the company is party to litigation, as well as to regulatory and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative agencies, including with respect to antitrust, tax, data privacy and security, intellectual property, employment and other matters. see “item 3. legal proceedings” and note 16 to the financial statements for a discussion of certain matters. the outcome of these matters and other litigation and proceedings is subject to significant uncertainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm and/or significant monetary damages, injunctive relief or settlement costs that could adversely affect the company’s results of operations or financial condition as well as the company’s ability to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted. in addition, regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the company as a result of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors.
28
the company could be subject to significant additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
the company is subject to taxation in u.s. federal, state and local jurisdictions and various non-u.s. jurisdictions, including australia and the u.k. the company’s effective tax rate is impacted by the tax laws, regulations, practices and interpretations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may fluctuate significantly from period to period depending on, among other things, the geographic mix of the company’s profits and losses, changes in tax laws and regulations or their application and interpretation, the outcome of tax audits and changes in valuation allowances associated with the company’s deferred tax assets. evaluating and estimating the company’s tax provision, current and deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax accruals requires significant management judgment, and there are often transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
the company’s tax returns are routinely audited by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company’s tax returns or positions taken by the company, and as a result, tax-related settlements or litigation may occur, resulting in additional income tax liabilities against the company. although the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of tax reviews and examinations and any related litigation, the final outcomes of these matters could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the financial statements. as a result, the company may be required to recognize additional charges in its statements of operations and pay significant additional amounts with respect to current or prior periods, or its taxes in the future could increase, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
in connection with the separation, 21st century fox received a private letter ruling from the internal revenue service (“irs”) and an opinion from its tax counsel confirming the tax-free status of the separation for u.s. federal income tax purposes. the private letter ruling and the opinion relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations from the company and 21st century fox regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters. notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the opinion, the irs could determine on audit that the distribution or the related internal reorganization transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated. if the internal reorganization and/or the distribution is ultimately determined to be taxable, 21st century fox and/or the company would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and 21st century fox would recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of the company’s common stock distributed to 21st century fox’s stockholders on the distribution date over 21st century fox’s tax basis in such shares. the company may in certain circumstances be required to indemnify 21st century fox for liabilities arising out of the foregoing. specifically, under the terms of the tax sharing and indemnification agreement that the company and 21st century fox entered into in connection with the separation, in the event that the distribution or the internal transactions intended not to be subject to tax were determined to be subject to tax and such determination was the result of certain actions taken, or omitted to be taken, after the separation by the company or any of its subsidiaries and such actions (1) were inconsistent with any representation or covenant made in connection with the private letter ruling or opinion of 21st century fox’s tax counsel, (2) violated any representation or covenant made in the tax sharing and indemnification agreement, or (3) the company or any of its subsidiaries knew or reasonably should have expected, after consultation with its advisors, could result in any such determination, the company will be responsible for any tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st century fox as a result of such determination.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act. the tax act instituted significant changes to the u.s. corporate income tax system including, among other things, lowering the corporate tax rate, implementing a partial territorial tax system and, beginning in fiscal 2019, implementing changes to limits on the deductions for executive compensation, a tax on global intangible low-taxed income, the base erosion anti-abuse tax and a deduction for foreign-derived intangible income. while the company’s accounting for the effects of the tax act was completed in the second
29
quarter of fiscal 2019 and the company believes those effects have been appropriately recorded, various interpretive issues remain with respect to the tax act and regulatory guidance on many aspects of the tax act has not been issued. the company continues to monitor, among other things, changes in interpretations of the tax act, any legislative action arising because of the tax act and any changes in accounting standards for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the tax act. the company cannot predict the manner in which provisions of the tax act or any related regulations, legislation or accounting standards may be interpreted or enforced in the future or whether such interpretation or enforcement may have a material adverse effect on its income tax expense and/or its business, results of operations and financial condition. see note 19 to the financial statements for more information regarding the impact of the tax act.
on may 31, 2019, the organization for economic cooperation and development released a program of work to develop a consensus solution in relation to its base erosion and profit shifting action 1, addressing the tax challenges of the digitalization of the economy. the outcome of this program may change various aspects of the existing framework under which the company’s tax obligations are determined in countries in which it does business. in connection with the release of the program, several foreign jurisdictions introduced new digital services taxes on revenue of companies that provide certain digital services. there is limited guidance about the applicability of these new taxes to the company’s businesses and significant uncertainty as to what type of digital services will be deemed in scope. if these new taxes are applied to the company’s revenue in these foreign jurisdictions, which include the u.k., it could have an adverse impact on its business and financial performance.
theft of the company’s content, including digital piracy and signal theft, may decrease revenue and adversely affect the company’s business and profitability.
the company’s success depends in part on its ability to maintain and monetize the intellectual property rights in its content, and theft of its brands, programming, digital content, books and other copyrighted material affects the value of its content. developments in technology, including the wide availability of higher internet bandwidth and reduced storage costs, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to stream, duplicate and widely distribute pirated material, including from other less-regulated countries into the company’s primary markets. the company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy by preventing unauthorized access to its content through the use of programming content encryption, signal encryption and other security access devices and digital rights management software, as well as by obtaining site blocking orders against pirate streaming and torrent sites and a variety of other actions, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. however, these efforts are not always successful, and the company cannot ensure that it will be able to reduce or control theft of its content. the proliferation of unauthorized use of the company’s content may have an adverse effect on its business and profitability by reducing the revenue that the company could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its content. moreover, protection of the company’s intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. if those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the company’s rights, or if existing laws are changed, the company’s ability to generate revenue from its intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. in addition, the failure of legal and technological protections to evolve as piracy and associated technological tools become more sophisticated, could make it more difficult for the company to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could, in turn, negatively impact its value and further increase the company’s enforcement costs.
the company’s pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of suppliers for certain key products or services, and any reduction or interruption in the supply of these products and services or a significant increase in price could have an adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company’s pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of third party suppliers to supply certain key products and services necessary to provide its pay-tv services. in particular, the company depends on optus
30
to provide all of its satellite transponder capacity, and arris and technicolor are the company’s sole suppliers of satellite set-top boxes and the foxtel now box, respectively. if any of these suppliers breaches or terminates their agreements with the company or otherwise fails to perform their obligations in a timely manner, experiences operating or financial difficulties, is unable to meet demand due to component shortages, insufficient capacity or otherwise, significantly increases the amount the company pays for necessary products or services or ceases production of any necessary product, the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
in addition, telstra is the primary supplier of cable distribution capacity for the company’s pay-tv programming and is also currently the exclusive provider of wholesale fixed voice and broadband services for the company’s pay-tv business, as well as its primary supplier of wholesale mobile voice and broadband services and the largest reseller of its cable and satellite products. any disruption in the supply of those services or a decline in telstra’s business could result in disruptions to the supply of, and/or reduce the number of subscribers for, the company’s products and services, which could, in turn, adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
while the company will seek alternative sources for the products and services described above where possible and/or permissible under applicable agreements, it may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, which could impair its ability to timely deliver its products and services to its subscribers or operate its business.
the company’s international operations expose it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business, operating results and financial condition.
in its fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, approximately 61% of the company’s revenues were derived outside the u.s., and the company is focused on expanding the international scope of its operations. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including (1) issues related to managing international operations; (2) economic uncertainties and volatility in local markets and political or social instability; (3) potentially adverse changes in tax laws and regulations; (4) compliance with international laws and regulations, including foreign ownership restrictions and data privacy requirements such as the gdpr; (5) compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act; (6) restrictions on repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange; and (7) compliance with local labor laws and regulations. for example, brexit has and may continue to, among other things, adversely affect economic and market conditions in the u.k. and the european union and create uncertainty around doing business in the u.k., including with respect to data protection and transfer, tax rates and the recruitment and retention of employees. events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the company’s international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. challenges associated with operating globally may increase as the company continues to expand into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth opportunities.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that contain operational and management restrictions and/or other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that restrict the company’s ability to take specified actions and contain other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company. for example, the company and telstra are parties to a shareholders’ agreement with respect to foxtel containing certain minority protections for telstra, including standard governance provisions, as well as transfer and exit rights. the shareholders’ agreement provides telstra with the right to appoint two directors to the board of foxtel, as well as board and shareholder-level veto rights over certain non-ordinary course and/or material corporate actions that may prevent foxtel from taking actions that are in the interests of the company. the shareholders’ agreement also provides for (1) certain transfer
31
restrictions, which could adversely affect the company’s ability to effect such transfers and/or the prices at which those transfers may occur, and (2) exit arrangements, which could, in certain circumstances, force the company to sell its interest, subject to rights of first and, in some cases, last refusals.
in addition, move, the company’s digital real estate services business in the u.s., operates the realtor.com® website under an agreement with nar that is perpetual in duration. however, nar may terminate the operating agreement for certain contractually-specified reasons upon expiration of applicable cure periods. if the operating agreement with nar is terminated, the nar license would also terminate, and move would be required to transfer a copy of the software that operates the realtor.com® website to nar and provide nar with copies of its agreements with advertisers and data content providers. nar would then be able to operate a realtor.com® website, either by itself or with another third party.
failure by the company to protect certain intellectual property and brands, or infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the company’s business, results of operation and financial condition.
the company’s businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other proprietary rights, as well as licenses and other contractual arrangements, including licenses relating to sports programming rights, set-top box technology and related systems, the nar license and the fox licenses, to establish, obtain and protect the intellectual property and brand names used in their businesses. the company believes its proprietary trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are important to its continued success and its competitive position. however, the company cannot ensure that these intellectual property rights or those of its licensors and suppliers will be upheld if challenged or that these rights will protect the company against infringement claims by third parties, and effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country or region in which the company operates or where its products are available. any failure by the company or its licensors and suppliers to effectively protect its or their intellectual property or brands, or any infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the company’s business, results of operations or financial condition. claims of intellectual property infringement could require the company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms (if such agreements are available at all), require the company to spend substantial sums to defend against or settle such claims or to satisfy any judgment rendered against it, or cease any further use of the applicable intellectual property, which could in turn require the company to change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability to compete effectively. even if the company believes any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s attention and resources away from its business. in addition, the company may be contractually required to indemnify other parties against liabilities arising out of any third party infringement claims.
newsprint prices may continue to be volatile and difficult to predict and control, and any increase in newsprint costs or disruption in newsprint supply may adversely affect the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
newsprint is a significant expense for the company’s newspaper publishing units. the price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and a number of factors may cause prices to increase, including: (1) the closure and consolidation of newsprint mills or the conversion of newsprint mills to other products or grades of paper, which has reduced the number of newsprint suppliers over the years; (2) the imposition of tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. suppliers of paper; (3) an increase in supplier operating expenses due to rising raw material or energy costs or other factors; (4) failure to maintain the company’s current consumption levels; and (5) the inability to maintain the company’s existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers. any increase in the cost of newsprint, undersupply or supply chain disruption could have an adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
32
damage, failure or destruction of satellites and transmitter facilities that the company’s pay-tv business depends upon to distribute its programming could adversely affect the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company’s pay-tv business uses satellite systems to transmit its programming to its subscribers and/or authorized sublicensees. the company’s distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks, and the company also uses studio and transmitter facilities. transmissions may be disrupted or degraded as a result of local disasters, including extreme weather, that damage or destroy on-ground uplinks or downlinks or studio and transmitter facilities, or as a result of damage to a satellite. satellites are subject to significant operational and environmental risks while in orbit, including anomalies resulting from various factors such as manufacturing defects and problems with power or control systems, as well as environmental hazards such as meteoroid events, electrostatic storms and collisions with space debris. these events may result in the loss of one or more transponders on a satellite or the entire satellite and/or reduce the useful life of the satellite, which could, in turn, lead to a disruption or loss of video services to the company’s customers. the company does not carry commercial insurance for business disruptions or losses resulting from the foregoing events as it believes the cost of insurance premiums is uneconomical relative to the risk. instead, the company seeks to mitigate this risk through the maintenance of backup satellite capacity and other contingency plans. however, these steps may not be sufficient, and if the company is unable to secure alternate distribution, studio and/or transmission facilities in a timely manner, any such disruption or loss could have an adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company is subject to payment processing risk which could lead to adverse effects on the company’s business and results of operations.
the company’s customers pay for its products and services using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and through direct carrier and partner billing. the company relies on internal systems as well as those of third parties to process payment. acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules and regulations and require payment of interchange and other fees. to the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, any failures to comply with, or changes to, rules or regulations concerning payment processing, loss of payment or billing partners and/or disruptions or failures in, or fraudulent use of or access to, payment processing systems or payment products, the company’s results of operations could be adversely impacted and it could suffer reputational harm. furthermore, if the company is unable to maintain its chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines and its card approval rate may be impacted. the termination of the company’s ability to process payments on any major payment method would adversely affect its business and results of operations.
labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the company’s business.
in a variety of the company’s businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the company’s business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins.
the market price of the company’s stock may fluctuate significantly.
the company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. the market price of the company’s common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the company’s quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated fluctuations in the company’s operating results; (3) success or failure of the company’s business strategy; (4) the company’s ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting
33
standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the company’s business; (7) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant new business developments or customers; (8) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the company’s ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) investor perception of the company and the industries in which it operates; (12) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (13) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and (14) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions.
certain of the company’s directors and officers may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity ownership in fox corporation (“fox”), and/or because they also serve as officers and/or on the board of directors of fox, which may result in the diversion of certain corporate opportunities to fox.
certain of the company’s directors and executive officers own shares of fox’s common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. in addition, certain of the company’s officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of fox, including k. rupert murdoch, who serves as the company’s executive chairman and co-chairman of fox, and lachlan k. murdoch, who serves as the company’s co-chairman and chairman and chief executive officer of fox. this ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the company and fox. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the company and fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the indemnification of certain matters. in addition to any other arrangements that the company and fox may agree to implement, the company and fox agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies.
the company’s amended and restated by-laws acknowledge that the company’s directors and officers, as well as certain of its stockholders, including k. rupert murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the company and fox), each of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of fox and certain of its affiliates. the company’s amended and restated by-laws further provide that any such overlapping person will not be liable to the company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain types of restricted business opportunities set forth in the company’s amended and restated by-laws) to fox instead of the company. this could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to fox instead of the company.
certain provisions of the company’s restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws and delaware law, the company’s third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement and the ownership of the company’s common stock by the murdoch family trust may discourage takeovers, and the concentration of ownership will affect the voting results of matters submitted for stockholder approval.
the company’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the company’s board of directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock. in particular, the company’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide for, among other things:
•   a dual class common equity capital structure;

•   a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting;

34
•   special stockholders’ meeting to be called only by the chief executive officer, the board of directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock;

•   the requirement that stockholders give the company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or to make stockholder proposals at a stockholders’ meeting;

•   the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its by-laws;

•   vacancies on the board of directors to be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;

•   certain restrictions on the transfer of the company’s shares; and

•   the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock and series common stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine.

these provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable.
in addition, in connection with the separation, the company’s board of directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement, which it extended in june 2014, june 2015 and again in june 2018. pursuant to the third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of the company’s common stock has attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the company additional shares of its class a common stock and class b common stock in the event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the then-outstanding class b common stock without approval of the company’s board of directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially owning 15% or more of the company’s class b common stock immediately following the separation. the stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the company’s voting common stock without the approval of its board of directors. the rights expire on june 18, 2021, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. further, as a result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the murdoch family trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the company’s outstanding class a common stock and approximately 38.4% of the company’s class b common stock as of august 5, 2019, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the murdoch family trust. k. rupert murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these shares. also, k. rupert murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional one percent of the company’s class b common stock and less than one percent of the company’s class a common stock as of august 5, 2019. thus, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the company’s class a common stock and approximately 39.4% of the company’s class b common stock as of august 5, 2019. this concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of the company. additionally, the ownership concentration of class b common stock by the murdoch family trust increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the murdoch family trust will be adopted and proposals that the murdoch family trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of class b common stock. furthermore, the adoption of the third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the company’s board of directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership position in the company’s class b common stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the murdoch family trust’s influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

this discussion and analysis contains statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the “exchange act”), and section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended. all statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. the words “expect,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “predict,” “believe” and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements appear in a number of places in this discussion and analysis and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things, trends affecting the company’s financial condition or results of operations and the outcome of contingencies such as litigation and investigations. readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. more information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is set forth under the heading “risk factors” in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k (the “annual report”). the company does not ordinarily make projections of its future operating results and undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by the company with the securities and exchange commission (the “sec”). this section should be read together with the consolidated financial statements of news corporation and related notes set forth elsewhere in this annual report.
the following discussion and analysis omits discussion of fiscal 2017. please see “item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” in the company’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 for a discussion on fiscal 2017.
introduction news corporation (together with its subsidiaries, “news corporation,” “news corp,” the “company,” “we,” or “us”) is a global diversified media and information services company comprised of businesses across a range of media, including: news and information services, subscription video services in australia, book publishing and digital real estate services.
in april 2018, news corp and telstra combined their respective 50% interests in the foxtel group and news corp’s 100% interest in fox sports australia into a new company, nxe australia pty ltd. (the “transaction”), which the company refers to herein as “foxtel” for post-transaction periods. following the completion of the transaction, news corp owns a 65% interest in the combined business, with telstra owning the remaining 35%. consequently, the company began consolidating the foxtel group in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. (see note 4—acquisitions, disposals and other transactions in the accompanying consolidated financial statements). for periods prior to the completion of the transaction, the company continues to refer to its equity investment in the foxtel group as foxtel. the results of the combined business are reported within the subscription video services segment. to enhance the comparability of the financial information provided to users, the company has supplementally included pro forma financial information for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 reflecting the transaction within its discussion and analysis below.
the consolidated financial statements are referred to herein as the “consolidated financial statements.” the consolidated statements of operations are referred to herein as the “statements of operations.” the consolidated balance sheets are referred to herein as the “balance sheets.” the consolidated statements of cash flows are referred to herein as the “statements of cash flows.” the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (“gaap”).
42
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help provide an understanding of the company’s financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. this discussion is organized as follows:
•                                                                                       overview of the company’s business—this section provides a general description of the company’s businesses, as well as developments that occurred during the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and through the date of this filing that the company believes are important in understanding its results of operations and financial condition or to disclose known trends.

•                                                                                                                                           results of operations—this section provides an analysis of the company’s results of operations for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2019. this analysis is presented on both a consolidated basis and a segment basis. supplemental revenue information is also included for reporting units within certain segments and is presented on a gross basis, before eliminations in consolidation. in addition, a brief description is provided of significant transactions and events that impact the comparability of the results being analyzed. to enhance the comparability of the financial information provided to users, the company has supplementally included pro forma financial information for fiscal 2018 within its discussion and analysis below reflecting the transaction. the company maintains a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the sunday closest to june 30 in each year. fiscal 2019 and 2018 each included 52 weeks.

•                                                                             liquidity and capital resources—this section provides an analysis of the company’s cash flows for the two fiscal years ended june 30, 2019, as well as a discussion of the company’s financial arrangements and outstanding commitments, both firm and contingent, that existed as of june 30, 2019.

•                                                                                       critical accounting policies—this section discusses accounting policies considered important to the company’s financial condition and results of operations, and which require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in application. in addition, note 2 to the consolidated financial statements summarizes the company’s significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting policies discussed in this section.

overview of the company’s businesses the company manages and reports its businesses in the following five segments:
•                                                                             news and information services—the news and information services segment includes the company’s global print, digital and broadcast radio media platforms. these product offerings include the global print and digital versions of the wall street journal and barron’s group, which includes barron’s and marketwatch, the company’s suite of professional information products, including factiva, dow jones risk &amp; compliance, and dow jones newswires, and its live journalism events. the company also owns, among other publications, the australian, the daily telegraph, herald sun, the courier mail and the advertiser in australia, the times, the sunday times, the sun and the sun on sunday in the u.k. and the new york post in the u.s. this segment also includes news america marketing, a leading provider of in-store marketing products and services, home-delivered shopper media, and digital marketing solutions, including checkout 51’s mobile application, as well as unruly, a global video advertising marketplace, wireless group, operator of talksport, the leading sports radio network in the u.k., and storyful, a social media content agency.

•                                                                                                                                                                               subscription video services—the company’s subscription video services segment provides video sports, entertainment and news services to pay-tv subscribers and other commercial licensees, primarily via cable, satellite and internet distribution, and consists of (i) the company’s 65%
interest in foxtel (with the remaining 35% interest in foxtel held by telstra, an australian securities exchange (“asx”)-listed telecommunications company) and (ii) australian news channel (“anc”). foxtel is the largest pay-tv provider in australia, with nearly 200 channels covering sports, general entertainment, movies, documentaries, music, children’s programming and news. foxtel offers the leading sports programming content in australia, with broadcast rights to live sporting events

43
including: national rugby league, australian football league, cricket australia, the domestic football league, the australian rugby union and various motorsports programming. foxtel also operates foxtel now, an over-the-top, or ott, service, and kayo, a sports-only ott service.

anc operates the sky news network, australia’s 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service. anc channels are distributed throughout australia and new zealand and available on foxtel and sky network television nz. anc also owns and operates the international australia channel iptv service and offers content across a variety of digital media platforms, including mobile, podcasts and social media websites.
•                                                                                book publishing—the book publishing segment consists of harpercollins, the second largest consumer book publisher in the world, with operations in 17 countries and particular strengths in general fiction, nonfiction, children’s and religious publishing. harpercollins owns more than 120 branded publishing imprints, including harper, william morrow, harpercollins children’s books, avon, harlequin and christian publishers zondervan and thomas nelson, and publishes works by well-known authors such as harper lee, chip and joanna gaines, rick warren, sarah young and agatha christie and popular titles such as the hobbit, goodnight moon, to kill a mockingbird, jesus calling and hillbilly elegy.

•                                                                                digital real estate services—the digital real estate services segment consists of the company’s 61.6% interest in rea group and 80% interest in move. the remaining 20% interest in move is held by rea group. rea group is a market-leading digital media business specializing in property and is listed on the asx (asx: rea). rea group advertises property and property-related services on its websites and mobile apps across australia and asia, including australia’s leading residential, commercial and share property websites, realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au, flatmates.com.au and spacely.com.au, and property portals in asia. in addition, rea group provides property-related data to the financial sector and financial services through an end-to-end digital property search and financing experience and a mortgage broking offering.

move is a leading provider of online real estate services in the u.s. and primarily operates realtor.com®, a premier real estate information and services marketplace. move offers real estate advertising solutions to agents and brokers, including its connectionssm plus and advantagesm pro products as well as its opcity performance and subscription-based services. move also offers a number of professional software and services products, including top producer®, and listhubtm.
•                                                                              other—the other segment consists primarily of general corporate overhead expenses, the corporate strategy group and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters. the company’s strategy group identifies new products and services across its businesses to increase revenues and profitability and targets and assesses potential acquisitions, investments and dispositions.

news and information services revenue at the news and information services segment is derived primarily from the sale of advertising, circulation and subscriptions, as well as licensing. adverse changes in general market conditions for advertising continue to affect revenues. advertising revenues at the news and information services segment are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically being highest in the company’s second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. circulation and subscription revenues can be greatly affected by changes in the prices of the company’s and/or competitors’ products, as well as by promotional activities.
operating expenses include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial, commissions and radio sports rights. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
the news and information services segment’s advertising volume and rates, circulation and the price of paper are the key variables whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the company’s operating results and cash
44
flow. the company has to anticipate the level of advertising volume and rates, circulation and paper prices in managing its businesses to maximize operating profit during expanding and contracting economic cycles. the company continues to be exposed to risks associated with paper used for printing. paper is a basic commodity and its price is sensitive to the balance of supply and demand. the company’s expenses are affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper and other factors that may affect paper prices, including tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. paper suppliers. the news and information services segment’s products compete for readership, audience and advertising with local and national competitors and also compete with other media alternatives in their respective markets. competition for circulation and subscriptions is based on the content of the products provided, pricing and, from time to time, various promotions. the success of these products also depends upon advertisers’ judgments as to the most effective use of their advertising budgets. competition for advertising is based upon the reach of the products, advertising rates and advertiser results. such judgments are based on factors such as cost, availability of alternative media, distribution and quality of consumer demographics.
the company’s traditional print business faces challenges from alternative media formats and shifting consumer preferences. the company is also exposed to the impact of long-term structural movements in advertising spending, in particular, the move in advertising from print to digital. these alternative media formats could impact the company’s overall performance, positively or negatively. in addition, technologies have been and will continue to be developed that allow users to block advertising on websites and mobile devices, which may impact advertising rates or revenues.
as a multi-platform news provider, the company recognizes the importance of maximizing revenues from a variety of media formats and platforms, both in terms of paid-for content and in new advertising models, and continues to invest in its digital products. smartphones, tablets and similar devices, their related apps and other technologies, provide continued opportunities for the company to make its content available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes and develop its products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between content providers and consumers. the company continues to develop and implement strategies to exploit its content across a variety of media channels and platforms.
subscription video services the company’s subscription video services segment consists of (i) its 65% interest in foxtel and (ii) anc. foxtel is the largest pay-tv provider in australia, delivering nearly 200 channels including the leading sports programming content in australia. foxtel generates revenue primarily through subscription revenue as well as advertising revenue.
foxtel competes for audiences primarily with a variety of other video content providers, such as traditional free-to-air (“fta”) tv operators in australia, including the three major commercial fta networks and two major government-funded fta broadcasters, and new content providers that deliver video programming over the internet. these providers include, internet protocol television, or iptv, and subscription video-on-demand providers such as fetch tv, netflix, stan and amazon prime video; streaming services offered through digital media providers; as well as programmers and distributors that provide, or have indicated an intention to provide, content directly to consumers over the internet.
anc operates the sky news network, australia’s 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service, and also owns and operates the australia channel iptv service for international markets. revenue is primarily derived from monthly affiliate fees received from pay-tv providers based on the number of subscribers and advertising.
the most significant operating expenses of the subscription video services segment are the acquisition and production expenses related to programming, the expenses related to operating the technical facilities of the broadcast operations, expenses related to cable, satellite, internet and broadband transmission costs and studio
45
and engineering expense. the expenses associated with licensing certain programming rights are recognized during the applicable season or event, which can cause results at the subscription video services segment to fluctuate based on the timing and mix of foxtel’s local and international sports programming. programming rights associated with a dedicated channel are amortized over 12 months. other expenses include subscriber acquisition costs such as sales costs and marketing and promotional expenses related to improving the market visibility and awareness of the channels and their programming. additional expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead expenses.
book publishing the book publishing segment derives revenues from the sale of general fiction, nonfiction, children’s and religious books in the u.s. and internationally. the revenues and operating results of the book publishing segment are significantly affected by the timing of releases and the number of its books in the marketplace. the book publishing marketplace is subject to increased periods of demand during the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. this marketplace is highly competitive and continues to change due to technological developments, including additional digital platforms and distribution channels and other factors. each book is a separate and distinct product and its financial success depends upon many factors, including public acceptance.
major new title releases represent a significant portion of the book publishing segment’s sales throughout the fiscal year. print-based consumer books are generally sold on a fully returnable basis, resulting in the return of unsold books. in the domestic and international markets, the book publishing segment is subject to global trends and local economic conditions. operating expenses for the book publishing segment include costs related to paper, printing, authors’ royalties, editorial, promotional, art and design expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
digital real estate services the digital real estate services segment generates revenue through property and property-related advertising and services, including the sale of real estate listing and performance-based products to agents, brokers and developers, display advertising on its residential real estate and commercial property sites and residential property data services to the financial sector. the digital real estate services segment also generates revenue through licenses of certain professional software products on a subscription basis and fees and commissions from referrals generated through its end-to-end digital property search and financing offering and mortgage broking services. significant expenses associated with these sites, services and software solutions include development costs, advertising and promotional expenses, hosting and support services, salaries, broker commissions, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses.
consumers are increasingly turning to the internet and mobile devices for real estate information and services. the digital real estate services segment’s success depends on its continued innovation to provide products and services that are useful for consumers and real estate, mortgage and financial services professionals and attractive to its advertisers. the digital real estate services segment operates in a highly competitive digital environment with other real estate and property websites.
other the other segment primarily consists of general corporate overhead expenses, the corporate strategy group and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters. the company’s strategy group identifies new products and services across the company’s businesses to increase revenues and profitability and targets and assesses potential acquisitions, investments and dispositions.
46
other business developments in june 2019, the company announced that it is reviewing strategic options for news america marketing, including a potential sale. there is no assurance regarding the timing of any action or transaction, nor that the strategic review will result in a transaction or other strategic change.
in october 2018, the company acquired opcity inc. (“opcity”), a market-leading real estate technology platform that matches qualified home buyers and sellers with real estate professionals in real time. the total transaction value was approximately $210 million, consisting of approximately $182 million in cash, net of $7 million of cash acquired and approximately $28 million in deferred payments and restricted stock unit awards for opcity’s founders and qualifying employees, which is being recognized as compensation expense over the three years following the closing. included in the cash amount was approximately $20 million that is being held back for approximately 18 months after closing. the acquisition broadens realtor.com®’s lead generation product portfolio, allowing real estate professionals to choose between traditional lead products or a concierge-based model that provides highly vetted, transaction-ready leads. opcity is a subsidiary of move, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
in addition to the acquisitions noted above, the company used $26 million of cash for additional acquisitions during fiscal 2019, primarily relating to racing internet services (“racenet”) and medium rare content agency (“medium rare”), an integrated content agency. racenet and medium rare are subsidiaries of news corp australia and the results of each are included within the news and information services segment.
in june 2018, rea group acquired hometrack australia pty ltd (“hometrack australia”) for approximately a$130 million (approximately $100 million) in cash, which was funded with a mix of cash on hand and debt of a$70 million (approximately $53 million). hometrack australia is a provider of property data services to the financial sector and it allows rea group to deliver more property data and insights to its customers. hometrack australia is a subsidiary of rea group, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
in april 2018, news corp and telstra combined their respective 50% interests in the foxtel group and news corp’s 100% interest in fox sports australia into a new company. following the completion of the transaction, news corp owns a 65% interest in the combined business, with telstra owning the remaining 35%. the combination allows foxtel and fox sports australia to leverage their media platforms and content to improve services for consumers and advertisers. the results of foxtel are reported within the subscription video services segment, and foxtel is considered a separate reporting unit for purposes of the company’s annual goodwill impairment review.
in july 2017, rea group acquired an 80.3% interest in smartline home loans pty limited (“smartline”) for approximately a$70 million in cash (approximately $55 million). the minority shareholders have the option to sell the remaining 19.7% interest to rea group beginning three years after closing at a price dependent on the financial performance of smartline. if the option is not exercised, the minority interest will become mandatorily redeemable four years after closing. as a result, rea group recognized a liability of $12 million in the three months ended september 30, 2017 for the present value of the amount expected to be paid for the remaining interest based on the formula specified in the acquisition agreement. smartline is one of australia’s premier mortgage broking franchise groups, and the acquisition provides rea group’s financial services business with greater scale and capability. smartline is a subsidiary of rea group, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
47
results of operations—fiscal 2019 versus fiscal 2018 (as reported)
the following table sets forth the company’s operating results for fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                    2018                               change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                                 better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                                          $4,104                   $3,021                  $1,083                      36%
advertising                                                            2,738                    2,856                    (118   )                 (4)%
consumer                                                               1,679                    1,664                      15                       1%
real estate                                                              908                      858                      50                       6%
other                                                                    645                      625                      20                       3%
total revenues                                                        10,074                    9,024                   1,050                      12%
operating expenses                                                    (5,622   )               (4,903   )                (719   )                (15)%
selling, general and administrative                                   (3,208   )               (3,050   )                (158   )                 (5)%
depreciation and amortization                                           (659   )                 (472   )                (187   )                (40)%
impairment and restructuring charges                                    (188   )                 (351   )                 163                      46%
equity losses of affiliates                                              (17   )               (1,006   )                 989                      98%
interest expense, net                                                    (59   )                   (7   )                 (52   )                   **
other, net                                                                33                     (324   )                 357                       **
income (loss) before income tax expense                                  354                   (1,089   )               1,443                       **
income tax expense                                                      (126   )                 (355   )                 229                      65%
net income (loss)                                                        228                   (1,444   )               1,672                       **
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                (73   )                  (70   )                  (3   )                 (4)%
net income (loss) attributable to news corporation                      $155                  $(1,514   )              $1,669                       **
**   not meaningful

revenues—revenues increased $1,050 million, or 12%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the revenue increase was primarily due to higher revenues at the subscription video services segment of $1,198 million resulting in large part from the transaction, which contributed $1,289 million to the increase and higher revenues of $18 million at the digital real estate services segment. these increases were partially offset by lower revenues at the news and information services segment of $163 million, primarily due to the $154 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, weakness in the print advertising market and lower revenues at news america marketing of $61 million, partially offset by cover and subscription price increases and digital subscriber growth, primarily at the wall street journal and in australia. the impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard resulted in a revenue decrease of approximately $72 million.
the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $311 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the company calculates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for businesses reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar by multiplying the results for each quarter in the current period by the difference between the average exchange rate for that quarter and the average exchange rate in effect during the corresponding quarter of the prior year and totaling the impact for all quarters in the current period.
operating expenses—operating expenses increased $719 million, or 15%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the increase in operating expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was mainly due to higher operating expenses at the subscription video services segment of $822 million primarily resulting from the transaction. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense decrease of $153 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
48
selling, general and administrative—selling, general and administrative expenses increased $158 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher expenses of $169 million at the subscription video services segment, primarily as a result of the transaction, and the absence of the $46 million impact from the reversal of a portion of the previously accrued liability for the u.k. newspaper matters and the corresponding receivable as the result of an agreement reached with the relevant tax authority with respect to certain employment taxes in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative expense decrease of $109 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
depreciation and amortization—depreciation and amortization expense increased $187 million, or 40%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily as a result of an additional $185 million of depreciation and amortization expense at the subscription video services segment, mainly due to the transaction.
impairment and restructuring charges—during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, the company recorded restructuring charges of $92 million and $71 million, respectively.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $96 million related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $280 million primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets at the news america marketing reporting unit and impairment of goodwill at the fox sports australia reporting unit.
see note 5—restructuring programs and note 8—goodwill and other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
equity losses of affiliates—equity losses of affiliates improved by $989 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the decrease in losses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was primarily due to the absence of a $957 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of the company’s investment in foxtel recognized in the third quarter of fiscal 2018.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                2018                       change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                            better/(worse)
foxtel(a)                               $—                   $(974       )         $974                         **
other equity affiliates, net(b)              (17   )               (32   )         15                           47%
total equity losses of affiliates       $(17       )         $(1,006     )         $989                         98%
**   not meaningful

(a)                                                                following completion of the transaction in april 2018, news corp ceased accounting for foxtel as an equity method investment and began consolidating its results in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. see note 4—acquisitions, disposals and other transactions and note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 included the write-down discussed above. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
in accordance with accounting standards codification (“asc”) 350, “intangibles—goodwill and other” (“asc 350”), the company amortized $49 million related to excess cost over the company’s proportionate share of its investment’s underlying net assets allocated to finite-lived intangible assets during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. such amortization is reflected in equity losses of affiliates in the statement of operations.
49
(b)                                                                  other equity affiliates, net for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018 include losses primarily from the company’s interest in elara. additionally, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 the company recognized $13 million in non-cash write-downs of certain equity method investments’ carrying values. the write-downs were reflected in equity losses of affiliates in the statement of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

interest expense, net—interest expense, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 increased $52 million, as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher interest expense as a result of the transaction. as a result of the transaction, the company consolidated outstanding debt of approximately $1.8 billion. see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
other, net—other, net increased $357 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. see note 21—additional financial information in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income tax (expense) benefit—the company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 were $126 million and 36%, respectively, as compared to an income tax expense and effective tax rate of $355 million and (33%), respectively, for fiscal 2018.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 the company recorded a tax expense of $126 million on pre-tax income of $354 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was higher than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the higher tax rate was primarily due to lower tax benefits on impairments, valuation allowances being recorded against tax benefits in certain foreign jurisdictions with operating losses and the impact from foreign operations which are subject to higher tax rates.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company recorded a tax expense of $355 million on pre-tax loss of $1,089 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower tax rate was primarily due to $340 million of lower tax benefits on impairments and write-downs of approximately $1.3 billion, $88 million of lower tax benefits related to the $337 million loss for the settlement of the pre-existing contractual arrangement between fox sports australia and foxtel as a result of the transaction and a tax expense of $237 million related to the impact of the tax act, offset by a tax benefit of approximately $49 million related to the settlement of pre-separation tax matters with the internal revenue service.
net income (loss)—net income (loss) increased $1,672 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower equity losses of affiliates resulting from the absence of the
$957 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of the company’s investment in foxtel recognized in fiscal 2018, lower impairment and restructuring charges resulting from the absence of non-cash impairment charges of $280 million primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets at the news america marketing reporting unit and impairment of goodwill at the fox sports australia reporting unit, higher other, net resulting from the absence of a $337 million loss related to the transaction, primarily resulting from the write-off of the fox sports australia channel distribution agreement intangible asset, the absence of the $237 million negative impact of the tax act recognized in fiscal 2018 and higher total segment ebitda, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization and interest expense.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests—net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $3 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher results at rea group offset by the noncontrolling interest impact from foxtel.
segment analysis segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. segment ebitda does not include: depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, equity losses of affiliates, interest expense, net, other, net and income tax (expense) benefit. segment ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of segment ebitda.
50
segment ebitda is the primary measure used by the company’s chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources within, the company’s businesses. segment ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts with a measure to analyze the operating performance of each of the company’s business segments and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors’ data, although historical results may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences).
total segment ebitda is a non-gaap measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income (loss), cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. in addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment and restructuring charges, which are significant components in assessing the company’s financial performance. the company believes that the presentation of total segment ebitda provides useful information regarding the company’s operations and other factors that affect the company’s reported results. specifically, the company believes that by excluding certain one-time or non-cash items such as impairment and restructuring charges and depreciation and amortization, as well as potential distortions between periods caused by factors such as financing and capital structures and changes in tax positions or regimes, the company provides users of its consolidated financial statements with insight into both its core operations as well as the factors that affect reported results between periods but which the company believes are not representative of its core business. as a result, users of the company’s consolidated financial statements are better able to evaluate changes in the core operating results of the company across different periods. the following table reconciles net income (loss) to total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                     2018
(in millions)
net income (loss)                                 $228                      $(1,444   )
add:
income tax expense                                 126                          355
other, net                                         (33   )                      324
interest expense, net                               59                            7
equity losses of affiliates                         17                        1,006
impairment and restructuring charges               188                          351
depreciation and amortization                      659                          472
total segment ebitda                            $1,244                       $1,071
the following table sets forth the company’s revenues and segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                                          2018
(in millions)                          revenues                segment                 revenues                segment ebitda                                          ebitda news and information services            $4,956                   $417                   $5,119                   $397
subscription video services               2,202                    380                    1,004                    173
book publishing                           1,754                    253                    1,758                    239
digital real estate services              1,159                    384                    1,141                    401
other                                         3                   (190   )                    2                   (139   )
total                                   $10,074                 $1,244                   $9,024                 $1,071
51
news and information services (49% and 57% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                    2018                              change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                         better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                    $2,128                   $2,115                    $13                      1%
advertising                                      2,400                    2,589                   (189   )                (7)%
other                                              428                      415                     13                      3%
total revenues                                   4,956                    5,119                   (163   )                (3)%
operating expenses                              (2,822   )               (2,934   )                112                      4%
selling, general and administrative             (1,717   )               (1,788   )                 71                      4%
segment ebitda                                    $417                     $397                    $20                      5%
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, revenues at the news and information services segment decreased $163 million, or 3%, as compared to fiscal 2018. the revenue decrease was primarily due to lower advertising revenues of $189 million resulting mainly from weakness in the print advertising market, the $74 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower revenues at news america marketing of $61 million, partially offset by digital advertising growth, primarily in australia. circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 increased $13 million as compared to fiscal 2018 mainly due to cover and subscription price increases, digital subscriber growth, primarily at the wall street journal and in australia, higher professional information business revenues at dow jones and the impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard in australia. these increases were partially offset by the $61 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and print volume declines in australia and in the u.k., primarily at the sun. other revenues increased $13 million as compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to the $38 million net benefit related to news uk’s exit from the partnership for sun bets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, partially offset by the $19 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower brand partnership revenues in the u.k. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $154 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, segment ebitda at the news and information services segment increased $20 million, or 5%, as compared to fiscal 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher contribution from dow jones of $17 million, primarily related to higher revenues, and from news corp australia of $9 million, primarily due to lower newsprint, production and distribution costs and cost savings initiatives.
dow jones revenues were $1,559 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, an increase of $48 million, or 3%, as compared to fiscal 2018 revenues of $1,511 million. circulation and subscription revenues increased $58 million, primarily due to the $44 million impact from digital subscriber growth and digital subscription price increases at the wall street journal, as well as $21 million of higher professional information business revenues led by dow jones risk & compliance, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. advertising revenues decreased $13 million, primarily due to weakness in the print advertising market, partially offset by digital advertising growth. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $7 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
news corp australia revenues at the australian newspapers were $1,197 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, a decrease of $82 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2018 revenues of $1,279 million. the impact of foreign currency
52
fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $99 million, or 7%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. advertising revenues decreased $65 million, primarily due to the $56 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $52 million impact of weakness in the print advertising market, partially offset by the $26 million increase due to digital advertising growth and a $20 million increase from the acquisition of an integrated content marketing agency. circulation and subscription revenues decreased $21 million primarily due to the $32 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and print volume declines, partially offset by the impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard, cover price increases and digital subscriber growth.
news uk revenues were $1,032 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, a decrease of $44 million, or 4%, as compared to fiscal 2018 revenues of $1,076 million. the decrease was due in part to lower advertising revenues of $28 million, primarily due to weakness in the print advertising market and the $12 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. circulation and subscription revenues decreased $27 million, primarily due to single-copy volume declines, mainly at the sun, and the $22 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by the impact of cover price increases across mastheads. the decrease was partially offset by higher other revenues of $11 million, mainly due to the $38 million net benefit related to the exit from the partnership for sun bets in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, partially offset by lower brand partnership revenues. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $40 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
news america marketing revenues at news america marketing were $895 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, a decrease of $61 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2018 revenues of $956 million. the decrease was primarily related to $67 million of lower home delivered revenues, which include free-standing insert products, mainly due to lower volume.
subscription video services (22% and 11% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                    2018                             change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                         better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                    $1,926                   $850                  $1,076                    **
advertising                                        215                    127                      88                    69%
other                                               61                     27                      34                    **
total revenues                                   2,202                  1,004                   1,198                    **
operating expenses                              (1,476   )               (654   )                (822   )                **
selling, general and administrative               (346   )               (177   )                (169   )                (95)%
segment ebitda                                    $380                   $173                    $207                    **
**   not meaningful

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, revenues at the subscription video services segment increased $1,198 million and segment ebitda increased $207 million, as compared to fiscal 2018. the revenue and segment ebitda increases were primarily due to the transaction, which contributed $1,289 million of revenue and $236 million of segment ebitda during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $74 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. see the “results of operations—fiscal 2019 (as reported) versus fiscal 2018 (pro forma)” section below for additional details.
53
book publishing (17% and 19% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                    2018                             change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                         better/(worse)
revenues:
consumer                                        $1,679                   $1,664                   $15                    1%
other                                               75                       94                   (19   )                (20)%
total revenues                                   1,754                    1,758                    (4   )                —
operating expenses                              (1,174   )               (1,178   )                 4                    —
selling, general and administrative               (327   )                 (341   )                14                    4%
segment ebitda                                    $253                     $239                   $14                    6%
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, revenues at the book publishing segment decreased $4 million as compared to fiscal 2018. the decrease was primarily due to the $65 million impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard, the absence of $28 million in revenues from the sublicensing agreement for j.r.r. tolkien’s the lord of the rings trilogy recognized in fiscal 2018 and the $27 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. these decreases were partially offset by strong frontlist and backlist sales in the christian publishing category, primarily titles by rachel hollis including girl, wash your face and girl, stop apologizing, as well as the success of homebody: a guide to creating spaces you never want to leave by joanna gaines in the general books category and the hate u give by angie thomas in the children’s books category. digital sales increased 7% compared to fiscal 2018, driven by growth in downloadable audiobook sales, and represented 20% of consumer revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, segment ebitda at the book publishing segment increased $14 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to the mix of titles.
digital real estate services (12% and 13% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                  2018                        change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                 better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                     $49                    $56             $(7         )                (13)%
advertising                                      122                    139                   (17   )                (12)%
real estate                                      908                    858             50                              6%
other                                             80                     88                    (8   )                 (9)%
total revenues                                 1,159                  1,141             18                              2%
operating expenses                              (167   )               (138   )               (29   )                (21)%
selling, general and administrative             (608   )               (602   )                (6   )                 (1)%
segment ebitda                                  $384                   $401             $(17        )                 (4)%
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, revenues at the digital real estate services segment increased $18 million, or 2%, as compared to fiscal 2018. revenues at move increased $32 million, or 7%, to $484 million in fiscal 2019 from $452 million in fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher real estate revenues resulting from growth in leads and higher yield, partially offset by lower non-listing advertising revenues. at rea group, revenues increased $8 million, or 1%, to $674 million in fiscal 2019 from $666 million in fiscal 2018. the higher revenues were primarily due to an increase in australian residential depth revenue driven by price increases, improved penetration and favorable product mix, as well as the acquisition of hometrack australia, partially offset by the $56 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and softness in listing volumes which
54
are not expected to improve in the short term. the increase in revenues was partially offset by the $21 million impact resulting from the sale of diakrit during the first quarter of fiscal 2019.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, segment ebitda at the digital real estate services segment decreased $17 million, or 4%, as compared to fiscal 2018. the decrease in segment ebitda was primarily due to the $39 million impact associated with the acquisition and continued investment in opcity at move and the $30 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by the higher revenues noted above.
55
results of operations—fiscal 2019 (as reported) versus fiscal 2018 (pro forma)
the following supplemental unaudited pro forma information for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 reflects the company’s results of operations as if the transaction had occurred on july 1, 2016. the company believes that the presentation of this supplemental information enhances comparability across the reporting periods. the information was prepared in accordance with article 11 of regulation s-x and is based on historical results of operations of news corp and foxtel, adjusted for the effect of transaction-related accounting adjustments, as described below. pro forma adjustments were based on available information and assumptions regarding impacts that are directly attributable to the transaction, are factually supportable, and are expected to have a continuing impact on the combined results. in addition, the pro forma information is provided for supplemental and informational purposes only, and is not necessarily indicative of what the company’s results of operations would have been, or the company’s future results of operations, had the transaction actually occurred on the date indicated. as only the financial results for the subscription video services segment were adjusted due to the presentation of this pro forma supplemental information, the company is only providing a supplemental analysis for this segment below, under “segment analysis (pro forma).” the unaudited pro forma information should be read in conjunction with other sections of this “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations,” as well as “selected financial data” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report.
pro forma (unaudited)
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018
news corp                            foxtel               transaction                     pro forma historical(a)                 historical(b)               adjustments
(in millions, except per share amounts)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                                       $3,021                               $1,638                     $(278   )(c)(d)           $4,381
advertising                                                                  2,856                         141                         —                             2,997
consumer                                                                     1,664                           —                         —                             1,664
real estate                                                        858                                       —                         —                     858
other                                                              625                                      39                         —                     664
total revenues                                                               9,024                       1,818                      (278   )                        10,564
operating expenses                                                          (4,903   )                  (1,136   )                   291   (c)(e)                   (5,748   )
selling, general and administrative                                         (3,050   )                    (340   )                    17   (f)                      (3,373   )
depreciation and amortization                                                 (472   )                    (187   )                   (17   )(g)(h)(i)                 (676   )
impairment and restructuring charges                                          (351   )                      (5   )                  (957   )(j)                     (1,313   )
equity (losses) earnings of affiliates                                      (1,006   )                       5                       974   (j)                         (27   )
interest expense, net                                                           (7   )                     (76   )                     —                               (83   )
other, net                                                                    (324   )                      (2   )                   337   (k)               11
(loss) income before income tax expense                                     (1,089   )                      77                       367                              (645   )
income tax expense                                                            (355   )                     (13   )                    (5   )(l)                       (373   )
net (loss) income                                                           (1,444   )                      64                       362                            (1,018   )
less: net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests               (70   )                       1                       (27   )(m)                        (96   )
net (loss) income attributable to news corporation                 $(1,514           )                     $65                      $335                     $(1,114         )
basic and diluted loss per share:
net loss available to news corporation stockholders per share      $(2.60            )                                                                       $(1.92          )
56
notes to the unaudited pro forma statements:
(a)             reflects the historical results of operations of news corporation. as the acquisition of a controlling interest in foxtel was completed on april 3, 2018, foxtel is reflected in our historical statement of operations from april 3, 2018 onwards.

(b)                                                                          reflects the historical results of operations of foxtel to the date of the transaction. from april 3, 2018
onwards, foxtel is included in the historical results of operations of news corporation. the statement of operations of foxtel is derived from its historical financial statements for the nine months ended march 31, 2018. the statement of operations for the nine months ended march 31, 2018 reflects foxtel’s statement of operations on a u.s. gaap basis and translated from australian dollars to u.s. dollars, the reporting currency of the combined group, using the quarterly average rate for each quarter in the period presented. additionally, certain balances within foxtel’s historical financial information were reclassified to be consistent with the company’s presentation.

(c)   represents the impact of eliminating transactions between foxtel and the consolidated subsidiaries of news corporation, which would be eliminated upon consolidation as a result of the transaction.

(d)                      reflects the reversal of revenue recognized in foxtel’s historical statement of operations resulting from the fair value adjustment of foxtel’s historical deferred installation revenue in the preliminary purchase price allocation for the transaction.

(e)                 reflect the adjustment to amortization of program inventory recognized in foxtel’s historical statement of operations related to the fair value adjustment of foxtel’s historical program inventory in the preliminary purchase price allocation.

(f)                                              reflects the removal of transaction expenses directly related to the transaction that are included in news corp’s historical statement of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. these costs are considered to be non-recurring in nature, and as such, have been excluded from the pro forma statement of operations.

(g)   reflects the adjustment to amortization expense resulting from the recognition of amortizable intangible assets in the preliminary purchase price allocation.

(h)                 reflects the adjustment to depreciation and amortization expense resulting from the fair value adjustment to foxtel’s historical fixed assets in the preliminary purchase price allocation, which resulted in a step-up in the value of such assets.

(i)                               reflects the reversal of amortization expense included in news corp’s historical statement of operations from the company’s settlement of its pre-existing contractual arrangement between foxtel and fox sports australia, which resulted in a write-off of its channel distribution agreement intangible asset at the time of the transaction.

(j)                                                                       represents the impact to equity losses of affiliates as a result of the transaction, as if the transaction occurred on july 1, 2016. historically news corp accounted for its investment in foxtel under the equity method of accounting. as a result of the transaction, foxtel became a majority owned subsidiary of the company, and therefore, the impact of foxtel on the company’s historical equity losses of affiliates was eliminated. in addition, during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, news corp recorded an impairment to its investment in foxtel within equity losses of affiliates which is reflected in news corp’s historical results. as this impairment is non-recurring in nature and is not directly attributable to the transaction, such amount has not been eliminated and has been reclassified in the pro forma statement of operations from equity losses of affiliates into impairment and restructuring charges.

(k)                                                                           represents the write-off recorded as a result of the effective settlement of the channel distribution agreement between fox sports australia and foxtel as a result of the transaction as well as other costs directly attributable to the transaction. the write-off of the intangible asset related to this agreement and other associated costs are considered transaction costs directly attributable to the transaction that were incurred in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018.

(l)                                                                     in determining the tax rate to apply to our pro forma adjustments we used the australian statutory rate of 30%, which is the jurisdiction in which the business operates. however, in certain instances, the effective tax rate applied to certain adjustments differs from the statutory rate primarily as a result of certain valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, based on the company’s historical tax profile in australia.

57
(m)   represents the adjustment, as a result of the transaction, to reflect the noncontrolling interest of the combined company on a pro forma basis.

the following table sets forth the company’s audited operating results for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 and its unaudited pro forma operating results for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                      2018                                change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                            as reported                 pro forma                                  better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                                            $4,104                    $4,381                   $(277   )                (6)%
advertising                                                              2,738                     2,997                    (259   )                (9)%
consumer                                                                 1,679                     1,664                      15                      1%
real estate                                                                908                       858                      50                      6%
other                                                                      645                       664                     (19   )                (3)%
total revenues                                                          10,074                    10,564                    (490   )                (5)%
operating expenses                                                      (5,622   )                (5,748   )                 126                      2%
selling, general and administrative                                     (3,208   )                (3,373   )                 165                      5%
depreciation and amortization                                             (659   )                  (676   )                  17                      3%
impairment and restructuring charges                                      (188   )                (1,313   )               1,125                     86%
equity losses of affiliates                                                (17   )                   (27   )                  10                     37%
interest expense, net                                                      (59   )                   (83   )                  24                     29%
other, net                                                                  33                        11                      22                      **
income (loss) before income tax expense                                    354                      (645   )                 999                      **
income tax expense                                                        (126   )                  (373   )                 247                     66%
net income (loss)                                                          228                    (1,018   )               1,246                      **
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                  (73   )                   (96   )                  23                     24%
net income (loss) attributable to news corporation                        $155                   $(1,114   )              $1,269                      **
**   not meaningful

revenues (pro forma)—revenues decreased $490 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the revenue decrease was primarily attributable to a $342 million decrease in revenues at the subscription video services segment, primarily due to the $181 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower subscription revenues resulting from lower broadcast subscribers and changes in the subscriber package mix, partially offset by $46 million of higher revenues from foxtel now and kayo, as well as lower revenues at the news and information services segment of $163 million, mainly due to the $154 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, weakness in the print advertising market and lower revenues at news america marketing of $61 million, partially offset by cover and subscription price increases and digital subscriber growth, primarily at the wall street journal and in australia. the revenue decrease was partially offset by higher revenues of $18 million at the digital real estate services segment. the impact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard resulted in a revenue decrease of approximately $72 million. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $418 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
operating expenses (pro forma)—operating expenses decreased $126 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the decrease in operating expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was mainly due to the $219 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by $95 million of higher sports programming and production costs at the subscription video services segment, mainly related to cricket australia and the national rugby league. during fiscal 2019, as a result of foxtel management’s new programming strategy, the company determined that certain entertainment programming provided a higher benefit upon its first run and now accelerates amortization for such programming. the company expects an increase in non-cash programming amortization expense in fiscal 2020 as a result.
58
selling, general and administrative (pro forma)—selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $165 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower expenses at the subscription video services segment of $154 million primarily related to lower customer service and installation costs and lower overhead costs, partially offset by the absence of the $46 million impact from the reversal of a portion of the previously accrued liability for the u.k. newspaper matters and the corresponding receivable as the result of an agreement reached with the relevant tax authority with respect to certain employment taxes in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative expense decrease of $130 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
depreciation and amortization (pro forma)—depreciation and amortization expense decreased $17 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a depreciation and amortization expense decrease of $32 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.
impairment and restructuring charges (pro forma)—during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, the company recorded restructuring charges of $92 million and $76 million, respectively, primarily related to employee termination benefits in the news and information services segment.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $96 million related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $1,237 million consisting primarily of a $957 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of its investment in foxtel and $280 million primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets at the news america marketing reporting unit and impairment of goodwill at the fox sports australia reporting unit.
equity losses of affiliates (pro forma)—equity losses of affiliates improved by $10 million to $17 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 from $27 million in fiscal 2018. the decrease in losses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was primarily due to the absence of $13 million in non-cash write-downs of certain equity method investments recognized in the second quarter of fiscal 2018.
interest expense, net (pro forma)—interest expense, net decreased $24 million, or 29%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to lower third party interest expense due to repayments of maturing facilities.
other, net (pro forma)—other, net increased $22 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to dividends received from certain investments in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 and gain recognized on the sale of property in australia, partially offset by the absence of the gain recognized on the sale of the company’s investment in seekasia in the third quarter of fiscal 2018.
income tax expense (pro forma)—the company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 were $126 million and 36%, respectively, as compared to an income tax expense and effective tax rate of $373 million and (58%), respectively, for fiscal 2018.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company recorded income tax expense of $126 million on pre-tax income of $354 million, resulting in an effective tax rate that was higher than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the
59
higher tax rate was primarily due to lower tax benefits on impairments, valuation allowances being recorded against tax benefits in certain foreign jurisdictions with operating losses and the impact from foreign operations which are subject to higher tax rates.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company recorded a tax expense of $373 million on pre-tax loss of $645 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower tax rate was primarily due to $340 million of lower tax benefits on impairments and write-downs of approximately $1.3 billion and a tax expense of $237 million related to the impact of the tax act, offset by a tax benefit of approximately $49 million related to the settlement of pre-separation tax matters with the internal revenue service.
net income (loss) (pro forma)—net income (loss) improved by $1,269 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower impairment and restructuring charges resulting from the absence of $1,237 million of non-cash impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2018 consisting of a $957 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of the company’s investment in foxtel and $280 million primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets at the news america marketing reporting unit and impairment of goodwill at the fox sports australia reporting unit and the absence of the $237 million negative impact of the tax act recognized in fiscal 2018, partially offset by lower total segment ebitda.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (pro forma)—net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased by $23 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to lower performance at foxtel, partially offset by higher results at rea group.
segment analysis (pro forma)
the following table reconciles audited reported and pro forma net income (loss) to audited reported and pro forma total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                       2018
(in millions, except %)                      as reported                    pro forma net income (loss)                                   $228                      $(1,018   )
add:
income tax expense                                   126                          373
other, net                                           (33   )                      (11   )
interest expense, net                                 59                           83
equity losses of affiliates                           17                           27
impairment and restructuring charges                 188                        1,313
depreciation and amortization                        659                          676
total segment ebitda                              $1,244                       $1,443
60
the following table sets forth the company’s reported revenues and segment ebitda for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 and pro forma revenues and segment ebitda for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                                          2018
(in millions)                          revenues                segment                 revenues                segment ebitda                                          ebitda as reported                                       pro forma news and information services            $4,956                   $417                   $5,119                   $397
subscription video services               2,202                    380                    2,544                    545
book publishing                           1,754                    253                    1,758                    239
digital real estate services              1,159                    384                    1,141                    401
other                                         3                   (190   )                    2                   (139   )
total                                   $10,074                 $1,244                  $10,564                 $1,443
subscription video services (pro forma) (22% and 24% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                      2018                           change                 % change
(in millions, except %)                      as reported                 pro forma             better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                      $1,926                    $2,210             $(284        )                (13)%
advertising                                          215                       268                   (53    )                (20)%
other                                                 61                        66                   (5     )                 (8)%
total revenues                                     2,202                     2,544                   (342   )                (13)%
operating expenses                                (1,476   )                (1,499   )         23                               2%
selling, general and administrative                 (346   )                  (500   )         154                             31%
segment ebitda                                      $380                      $545             $(165        )                (30)%
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, revenues at the subscription video services segment decreased $342 million, or 13%, as compared to fiscal 2018. the revenue decrease was primarily due to the $181 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower subscription revenues resulting from lower broadcast subscribers and changes in the subscriber package mix, partially offset by $46 million of higher revenues from foxtel now and kayo.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, segment ebitda at the subscription video services segment decreased $165 million, or 30%, as compared to fiscal 2018. the decrease in segment ebitda was primarily due to the lower revenues discussed above, $95 million of higher sports programming and production costs, mainly related to cricket australia and the national rugby league, and approximately $30 million in higher marketing costs related to kayo, partially offset by lower entertainment programming costs, customer service and installation costs and overhead expenses.
liquidity and capital resources current financial condition the company’s principal source of liquidity is internally generated funds and cash and cash equivalents on hand. as of june 30, 2019, the company’s cash and cash equivalents were $1.64 billion. the company expects these elements of liquidity will enable it to meet its liquidity needs in the foreseeable future, including repayment of indebtedness. the company also has available borrowing capacity under the facility (as defined below) and
61
certain other facilities, as described below, and expects to have access to the worldwide credit and capital markets, subject to market conditions, in order to issue additional debt if needed or desired. although the company believes that its cash on hand and future cash from operations, together with its access to the credit and capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund its operating and financing needs, its access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms in the future will be affected by many factors, including: (i) the performance of the company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable, (ii) the company’s credit rating or absence of a credit rating and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable, (iii) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents, (iv) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets and (v) the current state of the economy. there can be no assurances that the company will continue to have access to the credit and capital markets on acceptable terms. see part i, “item 1a. risk factors” for further discussion.
as of june 30, 2019, the company’s consolidated assets included $633 million in cash and cash equivalents that were held by its foreign subsidiaries. of this amount, $97 million is cash not readily accessible by the company as it is held by rea group, a majority owned but separately listed public company. rea group must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group’s cash balance. the company earns income outside the u.s., which is deemed to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign jurisdictions. the company does not currently intend to repatriate these earnings. should the company require more capital in the u.s. than is generated by and/or available to its domestic operations, the company could elect to transfer funds held in foreign jurisdictions. the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may be cumbersome due to local regulations, foreign exchange controls and taxes. additionally, the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates and higher cash paid for income taxes for the company. the tax act was enacted on december 22, 2017. as part of the transition to the new partial territorial tax system, the tax act imposed a one-time tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of earnings of the company’s foreign subsidiaries. the deemed repatriation tax was determined to be approximately $26 million, which was recorded to income tax expense in fiscal 2018. the u.s. treasury department released additional guidance and proposed regulations during the past year. the company undertook a review of the guidance and proposed regulations and determined that there were no material changes to the deemed repatriation tax of approximately $26 million.
the principal uses of cash that affect the company’s liquidity position include the following: operational expenditures including employee costs and paper purchases; capital expenditures; income tax payments; investments in associated entities; acquisitions; and the repayment of debt and related interest. in addition to the acquisitions and dispositions disclosed elsewhere, the company has evaluated, and expects to continue to evaluate, possible future acquisitions and dispositions of certain businesses. such transactions may be material and may involve cash, the issuance of the company’s securities or the assumption of indebtedness.
issuer purchases of equity securities in may 2013, the company’s board of directors (the “board of directors”) authorized the company to repurchase up to an aggregate of $500 million of its class a common stock. no stock repurchases were made during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018. through august 5, 2019, the company cumulatively repurchased approximately 5.2 million shares of class a common stock for an aggregate cost of approximately $71 million. the remaining authorized amount under the stock repurchase program as of august 5, 2019 was approximately $429 million. all decisions regarding any future stock repurchases are at the sole discretion of a duly appointed committee of the board of directors and management. the committee’s decisions regarding future stock repurchases will be evaluated from time to time in light of many factors, including the company’s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, market volatility and other factors that the committee may deem relevant. the stock repurchase authorization may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time by the board of directors and the board of directors cannot provide any assurances that any additional shares will be repurchased.
62
the company did not purchase any of its class b common stock during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018.
dividends the following table summarizes the dividends declared and paid per share on both the company’s class a common stock and class b common stock:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                     2018
cash dividends paid per share             $0.20                       $0.20
sources and uses of cash—fiscal 2019 versus fiscal 2018
net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,         2019          2018
net cash provided by operating activities          $928          $757
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $171 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. the increase was primarily due to higher total segment ebitda, higher cash distributions received from affiliates of $27 million and lower net tax payments of $27 million, partially offset by higher net interest payments of $46 million.
net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,     2019              2018
net cash used in investing activities       $(677     )       $(321     )
net cash used in investing activities was $677 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to net cash used in investing activities of $321 million for fiscal 2018. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company used $188 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily for the acquisition of opcity, and had capital expenditures of $572 million, of which $302 million related to foxtel. the net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of businesses and other assets.
foxtel’s total capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 are expected to be approximately 20% lower than fiscal 2019.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company used $364 million of cash for capital expenditures which included approximately $60 million from the consolidation of foxtel and $77 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily for the acquisitions of hometrack and smartline, partially offset by cash acquired from the transaction. the net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was also partially offset by proceeds from the sale of the seekasia cost method investment of $122 million.
net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,     2019              2018
net cash used in financing activities       $(610     )       $(398     )
63
the company had net cash used in financing activities of $610 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 as compared to net cash used in financing activities of $398 million for fiscal 2018. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the company repaid $1,116 million of borrowings related to foxtel and rea group, and made dividend payments of $161 million, primarily to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders. the net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 was partially offset by new borrowings of $681 million.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company repaid $213 million of borrowings related to foxtel and rea group, and made dividend payments of $158 million, primarily to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders. the company also paid $79 million for its mandatorily redeemable interest in iproperty in fiscal 2018. the net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was partially offset by new borrowings of $95 million.
reconciliation of free cash flow available to news corporation free cash flow available to news corporation is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures (“free cash flow”), less rea group free cash flow, plus cash dividends received from rea group. free cash flow available to news corporation should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, cash flows from operations and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. free cash flow available to news corporation may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of free cash flow.
the company considers free cash flow available to news corporation to provide useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash that is available to be used to strengthen the company’s balance sheet and for strategic opportunities including, among others, investing in the company’s business, strategic acquisitions, dividend payouts and repurchasing stock. the company believes excluding rea group’s free cash flow and including dividends received from rea group provides users of its consolidated financial statements with a measure of the amount of cash flow that is readily available to the company, as rea group is a separately listed public company in australia and must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group’s cash balance. the company believes free cash flow available to news corporation provides a more conservative view of the company’s free cash flow because this presentation includes only that amount of cash the company actually receives from rea group, which has generally been lower than the company’s unadjusted free cash flow.
a limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period. management compensates for the limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation by also relying on the net change in cash and cash equivalents as presented in the statements of cash flows prepared in accordance with gaap which incorporate all cash movements during the period.
64
the following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow available to news corporation:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2019                     2018
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities                 $928                        $757
less: capital expenditures                                (572   )                    (364   )
356                         393
less: rea group free cash flow                            (212   )                    (207   )
plus: cash dividends received from rea group                69                          63
free cash flow available to news corporation              $213                        $249
free cash flow available to news corporation decreased $36 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019 to $213 million from $249 million in fiscal 2018, primarily due to higher capital expenditures, partially offset by higher cash provided by operating activities as discussed above.
borrowings as of june 30, 2019, the company had total borrowings of $1.45 billion, including the current portion. the company’s borrowings as of such date reflect $1.24 billion of outstanding debt incurred by certain subsidiaries of foxtel (together with foxtel, the “foxtel debt group”) that the company consolidated upon completion of the transaction. the foxtel debt group indebtedness includes u.s. private placement senior unsecured notes and drawn amounts under its revolving credit facilities, with maturities ranging from fiscal 2020 to 2025. approximately $281 million and $337 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the foxtel debt group indebtedness will mature during fiscal 2020 and 2021, respectively, and these debt repayments are expected to be funded primarily through a combination of cash on hand and debt refinancing. the foxtel debt group’s borrowings are guaranteed by certain members of the foxtel debt group. in accordance with asc 805 “business combinations” (“asc 805”), these debt instruments were recorded at fair value as of the transaction date. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, the foxtel debt group had repayments of $1.03 billion, including the repayment of its a$300 million (approximately $216 million) facility maturing in april 2019 and the repayment of its a$200 million (approximately $139 million) facility maturing in may 2019, and borrowings of $681 million. the repayments of the a$300 million facility maturing in april 2019 and the a$200 million facility maturing in may 2019 were repaid using a$500 million of shareholder loans provided by the company. the shareholder loans bear interest at a variable rate of australian bbsy plus an applicable margin ranging from 6.30% to 7.75%. the shareholder loans mature in december 2027.
the company’s borrowings as of june 30, 2019 also reflect the indebtedness of rea group. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2019, rea group repaid $87 million (a$120 million) for its unsecured loan facility due december 2018. rea group had remaining borrowings of $217 million, of which approximately $168 million (a$240 million) will mature in december 2019. the company expects rea group to fund this debt repayment primarily through a combination of cash on hand and debt refinancing.
the company has additional borrowing capacity under its unsecured $650 million revolving credit facility (the “facility”), which can be increased up to a maximum amount of $900 million at the company’s request. the lenders’ commitments to make the facility available terminate on october 23, 2020, provided the company may request that the commitments be extended under certain circumstances for up to two additional one-year periods. as of the date of this filing, the company has not borrowed any funds under the facility. in addition, the company has $181 million of undrawn commitments under the foxtel group’s revolving credit facilities.
the company’s borrowings contain customary representations, covenants and events of default. the company was in compliance with all such covenants at june 30, 2019.
65
see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the company’s outstanding debt, including certain information about interest rates and maturities related to such debt arrangements.
commitments the company has commitments under certain firm contractual arrangements (“firm commitments”) to make future payments. these firm commitments secure the future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations.
the following table summarizes the company’s material firm commitments as of june 30, 2019:
as of june 30, 2019
payments due by period total             less than 1             1-3 years             3-5 years             more than year                                                           5 years
(in millions)
purchase obligations(a)                              $1,012                    $461                  $362                  $138                   $51
sports programming rights(b)                          1,793                     501                   912                   380                  —
programming costs(c)                                    378                     141                   183                    54                  —
operating leases(d)
transmission costs(e)                                   408                      63                   121                   115                   109
land and buildings                                    1,499                     172                   289                   248                   790
plant and machinery                                      12                       5                     6                     1                  —
borrowings(f)                                         1,449                     450                   579                   270                   150
interest payments on borrowings(g)                      111                      45                    51                    15                  —
total commitments and contractual obligations        $6,662                  $1,838                $2,503                $1,221                $1,100
(a)           the company has commitments under purchase obligations related to minimum subscriber guarantees for license fees, printing contracts, capital projects, marketing agreements, production services and other legally binding commitments.

(b)                              the company has sports programming rights commitments with the national rugby league, australian football league, cricket australia, domestic football league and australian rugby union as well as certain other broadcast rights which are payable through fiscal 2024.

(c)   the company has programming rights commitments with various suppliers for programming content.

(d)                                                                the company leases office facilities, warehouse facilities, printing plants, satellite services and equipment.
these leases, which are classified as operating leases, are expected to be paid at certain dates through fiscal 2021. this amount includes approximately $45 million of office facilities that have been subleased from fox corporation.

(e)   the company has contractual commitments for satellite transmission services. the transponder services arrangements extend through 2029 and are accounted for as operating leases.

(f)   see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

(g)                               reflects the company’s expected future interest payments on borrowings outstanding and interest rates applicable at june 30, 2019. such rates are subject to change in future periods. see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

the company has certain contracts to purchase newsprint, ink and plates that require the company to purchase a percentage of its total requirements for production. since the quantities purchased annually under these contracts are not fixed and are based on the company’s total requirements, the amount of the related payments for these purchases is excluded from the table above.
the table also excludes the company’s pension obligations, other postretirement benefits (“opeb”) obligations and the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as the company is unable to
66
reasonably predict the ultimate amount and timing of the commitments. the company made contributions of $16 million and $29 million to its pension plans in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns and interest rates and statutory requirements. the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $20 million in fiscal 2020, assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company’s expected returns in fiscal 2019 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. payments due to participants under the company’s pension plans are primarily paid out of underlying trusts. payments due under the company’s opeb plans are not required to be funded in advance, but are paid as medical costs are incurred by covered retiree populations, and are principally dependent upon the future cost of retiree medical benefits under the company’s opeb plans. the company expects its opeb payments to approximate $9 million in fiscal 2020. see note 17—retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
contingencies the company routinely is involved in various legal proceedings, claims and governmental inspections or investigations, including those discussed in note 16—commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. the outcome of these matters and claims is subject to significant uncertainty, and the company often cannot predict what the eventual outcome of pending matters will be or the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters. fees, expenses, fines, penalties, judgments or settlement costs which might be incurred by the company in connection with the various proceedings could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.
the company establishes an accrued liability for legal claims when it determines that a loss is both probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. once established, accruals are adjusted from time to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. the amount of any loss ultimately incurred in relation to matters for which an accrual has been established may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued for such matters. legal fees associated with litigation and similar proceedings are expensed as incurred. the company recognizes gain contingencies when the gain becomes realized or realizable. see note 16—commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company’s tax returns are subject to on-going review and examination by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company’s tax returns, and therefore the outcome of tax reviews and examinations can be unpredictable. the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of uncertain tax matters and believes such liabilities represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid. however, these liabilities may need to be adjusted as new information becomes known and as tax examinations continue to progress, or as settlements or litigations occur.
critical accounting policies an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to the company’s financial condition and results and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management of the company. see note 2—summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
long-lived assets the company’s long-lived assets include goodwill, finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment. assets acquired in business combinations are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded as the difference between the cost of acquiring an entity and the estimated fair values assigned to its tangible and identifiable intangible net assets and is assigned to one or more reporting units for purposes of testing for impairment.
67
determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management’s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. identifying reporting units and assigning goodwill to them requires judgment involving the aggregation of business units with similar economic characteristics and the identification of existing business units that benefit from the acquired goodwill. the judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of long-lived assets acquired, their reporting unit, as well as their useful lives can significantly impact net income. the company allocates goodwill to disposed businesses using the relative fair value method.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets the company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and at other times if a significant event or change in circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of these assets has been reduced below their carrying value. the company uses its judgment in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual impairment assessments. indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts, may signal that an asset has become impaired.
under asc 350, in assessing goodwill for impairment, the company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the company is not required to perform any additional tests in assessing goodwill for impairment. however, if the company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, then it is required to perform a quantitative analysis to determine the fair value of the business, and compare the calculated fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. the company determines the fair value of a reporting unit primarily by using both a discounted cash flow analysis and market-based valuation approach.
determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, long-term growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, as part of the company’s long-range planning process, the company completed its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test.
the performance of the company’s annual impairment analysis resulted in $87 million of impairments to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2019 primarily related to goodwill at a reporting unit within the news and information services segment. the fair values of the company’s reporting units in fiscal 2019 exceeded the respective carrying values in a range from approximately 0% to 54%. significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method were discount rates (ranging from 9.0% to 25.0%), long-term growth rates (ranging from 0.0% to 3.0%) and royalty rates (ranging from 0.5%-6.0%). significant unobservable inputs utilized in the market approach valuation method were ebitda multiples from guideline public companies operating in similar industries and control premiums (ranging from 5%-10%). significant increases (decreases) in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, assuming no change in discount rates, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. significant decreases (increases) in discount rates, assuming no changes in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.
as of june 30, 2019, the news and information services and subscription video services segments had reporting units with goodwill of approximately $2.0 billion that is at-risk for future impairment, of which $0.1 billion relates to the news and information services segment and $1.9 billion relates to the subscription video services segment. the fair values of these reporting units with goodwill at risk exceeded their respective carrying values in a range from approximately 0% to 5%. significant unobservable inputs
68
utilized in the income approach valuation method for at-risk reporting units were discount rates (ranging from 10.25% to 20%) and long-term growth rates (ranging from 1.1% to 2.0%). significant unobservable inputs utilized in the market approach valuation method for at-risk reporting units were ebitda multiples from guideline public companies operating in similar industries and a control premium of 10%. any increase in the discount rate or decrease in the projected cash flows terminal growth rate would have resulted in a reporting unit of the news and information services segment and the subscription video services segment failing the fiscal 2019 impairment analysis, which would have required the company to record an impairment charge equal to the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying value. the company will continue to monitor its goodwill for possible future impairment.
property, plant and equipment the company evaluates the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset group may not be recoverable, in accordance with asc 360, “property, plant, and equipment” (“asc 360”). an asset group is the lowest level of assets and liabilities for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. events or circumstances that might warrant an impairment recoverability review include, among other things, material declines in operating performance, significant adverse market conditions and planned changes in the use of an asset group.
in determining whether the carrying value of an asset group is recoverable, the company estimates undiscounted future cash flows over the estimated life of the primary asset of the asset group. the estimates of such future cash flows require estimating such factors as future operating performance, market conditions and the estimated holding period of each asset. if all or a portion of the carrying value of an asset group is found to be non-recoverable, the company records an impairment charge equal to the difference between the asset group’s carrying value and its fair value. the company generally measures fair value by considering sales prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate discount rate. typical assumptions applied when using a market-based approach include projected ebitda and related multiples. typical assumptions applied when using an income approach include projected free cash flows, discount rates and long-term growth rates. all of these assumptions are made by management based on the best available information at the time of the estimates and are subject to deviations from actual results.
programming costs costs incurred in acquiring program rights or producing programs are accounted for in accordance with asc 920, “entertainment—broadcasters.” program rights and the related liabilities are recorded at the gross amount of the liabilities when the license period has begun, the cost of the program is determinable and the program is accepted and available for airing. programming costs are amortized based on the expected pattern of consumption over the license period or expected useful life of each program. the pattern of consumption is based primarily on consumer viewership information as well as other factors. if initial airings are expected to generate higher viewership an accelerated method of amortization is used. the company monitors its programming amortization policy on an ongoing basis and any impact arising from changes to the policy would be recognized prospectively. the company regularly reviews its programming assets to ensure they continue to reflect net realizable value. changes in circumstances may result in a write-down of the asset to fair value. the company has single and multi-year contracts for broadcast rights of sporting events. the costs of sports contracts are primarily charged to expense over the respective season as events are aired. for sports contracts with dedicated channels, the company amortizes the sports programming rights costs over 12 months.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and records its tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences in its reported results of operations. tax laws are
69
complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company’s tax expense and in evaluating its tax positions including evaluating uncertainties as promulgated under asc 740, “income taxes.”
the company’s annual tax rate is based primarily on its geographic income and statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant management judgment is required in determining the company’s provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation allowance recorded against the company’s net deferred tax assets, if any. in assessing the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets, management considers estimates of the amount and character of future taxable income. the company’s actual effective tax rate and income tax expense could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, tax planning and the company’s forecasted financial condition and results of operations in future periods. although the company believes current estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
the company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. significant management judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefits to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. management re-evaluates tax positions each period in which new information about recognition or measurement becomes available. the company’s policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on unrecognized income tax benefits as part of income tax (expense) benefit.
retirement benefit obligations the company’s employees participate in various defined benefit pension and postretirement plans sponsored by the company and its subsidiaries. see note 17—retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company records amounts relating to its pension and other postretirement benefit plans based on calculations specified by gaap. the measurement and recognition of the company’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans require the use of significant management judgments, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, mortality and other actuarial assumptions. net periodic benefit costs (income) is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate for plan obligations, an expected rate of return on plan assets and mortality rates. current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, were considered in making these assumptions. in developing the expected long-term rate of return, the pension portfolio’s past average rate of returns, and future return expectations of the various asset classes were considered. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return of 4.6% for fiscal 2020 is based on a weighted average target asset allocation assumption of 23% equities, 68% fixed-income securities and 9% cash and other investments.
the company recorded ($2) million and $3 million in net periodic benefit (income) costs in the statements of operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the company utilizes the full yield-curve approach to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
although the discount rate used for each plan will be established and applied individually, a weighted average discount rate of 2.7% will be used in calculating the fiscal 2020 net periodic benefit costs (income). the discount rate reflects the market rate for high-quality fixed-income investments on the company’s annual measurement date of june 30 and is subject to change each fiscal year. the discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be
70
effectively settled. the rate was determined by matching the company’s expected benefit payments for the plans to a hypothetical yield curve developed using a portfolio of several hundred high-quality non-callable corporate bonds. the weighted average discount rate is volatile from year to year because it is determined based upon the prevailing rates in the u.s., the u.k., australia and other foreign countries as of the measurement date.
the key assumptions used in developing the company’s fiscal 2019 and 2018 net periodic benefit costs (income) for its plans consist of the following:
2019                  2018
(in millions, except %)
weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs (income)
discount rate for pbo                                                                          3.2     %               3.0   %
discount rate for service cost                                                                 3.9     %               3.9   %
discount rate for interest on pbo                                                              2.9     %               2.6   %
discount rate for interest on service cost                                                     3.6     %               3.5   %
assets:
expected rate of return                                                                        4.7     %               5.1   %
expected return                                                                                $61                     $70
actual return                                                                                  $76                     $35
gain/(loss)                                                                                    $15                    $(35   )
one year actual return                                                                         5.9     %               3.0   %
five year actual return                                                                        6.7     %               7.3   %
the company will use a weighted average long-term rate of return of 4.6% for fiscal 2020 based principally on a combination of current asset mix and an expectation of future long term investment returns. the accumulated net pre-tax losses on the company’s pension plans as of june 30, 2019 were approximately $484 million which increased from approximately $442 million for the company’s pension plans as of june 30, 2018. this increase of $42 million was primarily due to decreased discount rates. lower discount rates increase present values of benefit obligations and increase the company’s deferred losses and also increase subsequent-year benefit costs. higher discount rates decrease the present values of benefit obligations and reduce the company’s accumulated net loss and also decrease subsequent-year benefit costs. these deferred losses are being systematically recognized in future net periodic benefit costs (income) in accordance with asc 715, “compensation—retirement benefits.” unrecognized losses for the primary plans in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the plan’s projected benefit obligation are recognized over the average life expectancy for plan participants for the primary plans.
the company made contributions of $16 million and $29 million to its funded pension plans in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, statutory requirements and interest rate movements. assuming that actual plan returns are consistent with the company’s expected plan returns in fiscal 2019 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant, the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $20 million in fiscal 2020. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. see note 18—other postretirement benefits in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
71
changes in net periodic benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in the company’s expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate resulting from economic events. the following table highlights the sensitivity of the company’s pension obligations and expense to changes in these assumptions, assuming all other assumptions remain constant:
changes in assumption   impact on annual                 impact on projected pension expense                  benefit obligation
0.25 percentage point decrease in discount rate              increase $1 million               increase $65 million
0.25 percentage point increase in discount rate              —                                 decrease $51 million
0.25 percentage point decrease in expected rate of return on assets              increase $3 million               —
0.25 percentage point increase in expected rate of return on assets              decrease $3 million               —
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2—summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
72
