item 1a. risk factors our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. although the risks described below are the risks that we believe are material, there may also be risks of which we are currently unaware, or that we currently regard as immaterial based upon the information available to us that later may prove to be material. interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors, elsewhere in this form 10-k and in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission could
14
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our forward-looking statements.
deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit and cause our customers and others, with which we do business, to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although demand for many of our products is primarily non-discretionary in nature and tend to be purchased by consumers out of necessity, rather than on an impulse basis, our sales are impacted by constraints on the economic health of our customers. the economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment levels and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending, such as a prolong public health crisis or epidemic (such as the coronavirus). many of these factors are outside of our control. our customers' purchases, including purchases of our products, could decline during periods when income is lower, when prices increase in response to rising costs, or in periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions or political uncertainty. in addition, restrictions on access to telematics, diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulations may force vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. if any of these events occur, or if unfavorable economic conditions challenge the consumer environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
overall demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket is dependent upon many factors including the total number of vehicle miles driven in the u.s., the total number of registered vehicles in the u.s., the age and quality of these registered vehicles and the level of unemployment in the u.s. adverse changes in these factors could lead to a decreased level of demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities. furthermore, the ability of these third parties to overcome these difficulties may increase. if third parties, on whom we rely for merchandise, are unable to overcome difficulties resulting from the deterioration in economic conditions, the cause of which could include a prolonged public health crisis or epidemic (such as the coronavirus), and provide us with the merchandise we need, or if counterparties to our credit facilities do not perform their obligations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
the automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
both the diy and professional service provider portions of our business are highly competitive, particularly in the more densely populated areas that we serve. some of our competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. in addition, some of our competitors are smaller than we are, but have a greater presence than we do in a particular market. online and mobile platforms may allow customers to quickly compare prices and product assortments between us and a range of competitors, which could result in pricing pressure. some online competitors may have a lower cost structure than we do, as a result of our strategy of providing an exceptional in-store experience and superior parts availability supported by our extensive store network and robust, regional distribution footprint, which could also create pricing pressure. we may have to expend more resources and risk additional capital to remain competitive, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. for a list of our principal competitors, see the "competition" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales.
our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions, and natural disasters. unusually inclement weather, such as significant rain, snow, sleet, freezing rain, flooding, seismic activity and hurricanes, has historically discouraged our customers from visiting our stores during the affected period and reduced our sales, particularly to diy customers. extreme weather conditions, such as extreme heat and extreme cold temperatures, may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers' automotive parts, while temperate weather conditions may have a lesser impact on failure rates of automotive parts. in addition, our stores and dcs located in coastal regions may be subject to increased insurance claims resulting from regional weather conditions and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we cannot assure future growth will be achieved.
we believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning, and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. we cannot be sure that our growth plans for 2020 and beyond will be achieved. failure
15
to achieve our growth objectives may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. for a discussion of our growth strategies, see the "growth strategy" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in order to be successful, we will need to retain and motivate key employees.
our success has been largely dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel. in order to be successful, we will need to retain and motivate executives and other key employees. experienced management and technical personnel are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. we must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. our business, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. we cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to attract qualified personnel, which could cause us to be less efficient and, as a result, may adversely impact our sales and profitability. for a discussion of our management, see the "business" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
a change in the relationship with any of our key suppliers, the unavailability of our key products at competitive prices or changes in trade policies could affect our financial health.
our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. for example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them. in addition, the trend toward consolidation among automotive parts suppliers, as well as the off-shoring of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries, may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. we could also be negatively impacted by suppliers who might experience work stoppages, labor strikes, a prolonged public health crisis or epidemic (such as the coronavirus) or other interruptions to, or difficulties in the, manufacture or supply of the products we purchase from them. changes in u.s. trade policies, practices, tariffs or taxes could affect our ability and our suppliers' ability to source product at current volumes and/or prices.
risks associated with future acquisitions may not lead to expected growth and could result in increased costs and inefficiencies.
we expect to continue to make acquisitions as an element of our growth strategy. acquisitions involve certain risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations. examples of such risks include the following:
●   we may not be able to continue to identify suitable acquisition targets or to acquire additional companies at favorable prices or on other favorable terms.

●   our management's attention may be distracted.

●   we may fail to retain key personnel from acquired businesses.

●   we may assume unanticipated legal liabilities and other problems.

●   we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations (accounting and billing functions, for example) of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational and other benefits.

●   we may fail, or be unable to, discover liabilities of businesses that we acquire for which we or the subsequent owner or operator may be liable.

business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, operability of our computer systems, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of them, may result in the closure of one or more of our dcs or other facilities, or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory to our stores on a nightly basis. this may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty. some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the united states, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices. such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our customers. our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or other catastrophic events. if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
16
failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality may reduce our brand value and negatively impact our business.
we believe our company has built an excellent reputation as a leading retailer in the automotive aftermarket industry. we believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. brand value is based, in large part, on perceptions of subjective qualities and even isolated incidents can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, which can negatively impact these perceptions and lead to adverse effects on our business or team members.
risks related to us and unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could affect our stock price.
we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful indicators of our future operating results and should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. if our quarterly operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the trading price of our common stock could be negatively affected. we cannot be certain that our growth plans and business strategies will be successful or that they will successfully meet the expectations of these analysts. if we fail to adequately address any of these risks or difficulties, our stock price would likely suffer.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation.
the stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions. the market price of our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts' expectations and failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
in addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline. in the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such companies. if similar litigation were initiated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
our debt levels could adversely affect our cash flow and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations.
we have an unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes, which could have important consequences to our financial health. for example, our level of indebtedness could, among other things,
●   make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including those relating to the senior unsecured notes and our credit facility;

●   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;

●   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in our industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage;

●   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to service the principal and interest on the debt, reducing the funds available for other business purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures or other cash requirements;

●   limit our ability to incur additional debt with acceptable terms, if at all; and

●   expose us to fluctuations in interest rates, including changes that may result from the implementation of new benchmark rates that replace libor.

in addition, the terms of our financing obligations include restrictions, such as affirmative, negative and financial covenants, conditions on borrowing and subsidiary guarantees. a failure to comply with these restrictions could result in a default under our financing obligations or could require us to obtain waivers from our lenders for failure to comply with these restrictions. the occurrence of a default that remains uncured or the inability to secure a necessary consent or waiver could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our unsecured senior notes, as well as limit our access to attractive supplier financing programs.
credit ratings are an important component of our cost of capital. these ratings are based upon, among other factors, our financial strength. our current credit ratings provide us with the ability to borrow funds at favorable rates. a downgrade in our current credit rating from either rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our unsecured revolving credit facility and a higher facility fee on commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility. a downgrade in our current credit rating could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our unsecured senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the unsecured senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue new notes in the future. in addition, a downgrade in our current credit rating could limit the financial institutions willing to commit funds to our
17
supplier financing programs at attractive rates. decreased participation in our supplier financing programs would lead to an increase in working capital needed to operate the business, adversely affecting our cash flows.
a breach of customer, supplier, team member or company information could damage our reputation or result in substantial additional costs or possible litigation.
our business involves the storage of information about our customers, suppliers, team members and the company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. we and our third-party service providers and vendors have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information; however, these security measures may be breached due to cyber-attacks, team member error, system compromises, fraud, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, which could result in unauthorized parties gaining access to such information. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. if we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to damage to our reputation, additional costs, lost sales, litigation or possible regulatory action. in addition, the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is constantly evolving, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. there is no guarantee that the procedures that we and our third-party service providers and vendors have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, and such a breach could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
litigation, governmental proceedings, environmental legislation and regulations and employment legislation and regulations may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are, and in the future may become, involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings, arising out of the ordinary course of our business. the damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
environmental legislation and regulations, like the initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and bills related to climate change, could adversely impact all industries. while it is uncertain whether these initiatives will become law, additional climate change related mandates could potentially be forthcoming and these matters, if enacted, could adversely impact our costs, by, among other things, increasing fuel prices.
our business is subject to employment legislation and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage. our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage operating costs and identify opportunities to reduce costs. our ability to meet labor needs, while controlling costs is subject to external factors, such as minimum wage legislation. a violation of, or change in, employment legislation and/or regulations could hinder our ability to control costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
risks associated with international operations could result in additional costs and inefficiencies.
in addition to many of the risks we face in our u.s. operations, international operations present a unique set of risks and challenges, including local laws and customs, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions. our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by these risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs, and the distraction of management's attention. compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and protection of intellectual property rights surrounding items such as tradenames and trademarks in foreign jurisdictions can pose significant challenges.
in addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. given that our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. as a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including
●   an overview of the key drivers of the automotive aftermarket industry;

●   key events and recent developments within our company;

●   our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017;

●   our liquidity and capital resources;

●   any contractual obligations, to which we are committed;

●   any off-balance sheet arrangements we utilize;

●   our critical accounting estimates;

●   the inflation and seasonality of our business;

●   our quarterly results for the years ended december 31, 2019, and 2018; and

●   recent accounting pronouncements that may affect our company.

the review of management's discussion and analysis should be made in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information, forward-looking statements and other risk factors included elsewhere in this annual report.
forward-looking statements we claim the protection of the safe-harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "estimate," "may," "could," "will," "believe," "expect," "would," "consider," "should," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend" or similar words. in addition, statements contained within this annual report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. these forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the economy in general, inflation, tariffs, product demand, the market for auto parts, competition, weather, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, consumer debt levels, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on public debt, governmental regulations, information security and cyber-attacks, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. please refer to the "risk factors" section in this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, and subsequent securities and exchange commission filings, for additional factors that could materially affect our financial performance. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
overview we are a specialty retailer of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment and accessories in the united states. we are one of the largest u.s. automotive aftermarket specialty retailers, selling our products to both diy customers and professional service providers - our "dual market strategy." our stores carry an extensive product line consisting of new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, a complete line of auto body paint and related materials, automotive tools and professional service provider service equipment.
our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price for most of the product lines we offer. for many of our product offerings, this quality differentiation reflects "good," "better," and "best" alternatives. our sales and total gross profit dollars are highest for the "best" quality category of products. consumers' willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum is a driver of sales and profitability in our industry. we have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum.
our stores also offer enhanced services and programs to our customers, including used oil, oil filter and battery recycling; battery, wiper and bulb replacement; battery diagnostic testing; electrical and module testing; check engine light code extraction; loaner tool program; drum and rotor resurfacing; custom hydraulic hoses; professional paint shop mixing and related materials; and machine shops. as of december 31, 2019, we operated 5,439 stores in 47 u.s. states and 21 stores in mexico.
we are influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors that influence both our industry and our consumers, including, but not limited to, fuel costs, unemployment trends, interest rates, and other economic factors. due to the nature of these macroeconomic
24
factors, we are unable to determine how long current conditions will persist and the degree of impact future changes may have on our business.
the sustained trends of low u.s. unemployment have been favorable to our industry through the support of miles driven and consumer confidence; however, this has also resulted in pressure on wages, particularly when combined with legislated wage increases in certain market areas.
we believe the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of u.s. miles driven, number of u.s. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations and average vehicle age.
number of miles driven the number of total miles driven in the u.s. influences the demand for repair and maintenance products sold within the automotive aftermarket. in total, vehicles in the u.s. are driven approximately three trillion miles per year, resulting in ongoing wear and tear and a corresponding continued demand for the repair and maintenance products necessary to keep these vehicles in operation. according to the department of transportation, the number of total miles driven in the u.s. increased 0.4% and 1.2% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, and through november of 2019, year-to-date miles driven increased 0.9%. we would expect to continue to see modest improvements in total miles driven in the u.s., supported by an increasing number of registered vehicles on the road, resulting in continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.
size and age of the vehicle fleet the total number of vehicles on the road and the average age of the vehicle population heavily influence the demand for products sold within the automotive aftermarket industry. as reported by the auto care association, the total number of registered vehicles increased 8.1% from 2008 to 2018, bringing the number of light vehicles on the road to 272 million by the end of 2018. for the year ended december 31, 2019, the seasonally adjusted annual rate of light vehicle sales in the u.s. ("saar") was approximately 16.7 million, contributing to the continued growth in the total number of registered vehicles on the road. in the past decade, vehicle scrappage rates have remained relatively stable, ranging from 4.4% to 5.7% annually. as a result, over the past decade, the average age of the u.s. vehicle population has increased, growing 20.6%, from 9.7 years in 2008 to 11.7 years in 2018.
we believe this increase in average age can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains, interiors and exteriors, and the consumer's willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better built vehicles. as the average age of vehicles on the road increases, a larger percentage of miles are being driven by vehicles that are outside of a manufacturer warranty. these out-of-warranty, older vehicles generate strong demand for automotive aftermarket products as they go through more routine maintenance cycles, have more frequent mechanical failures and generally require more maintenance than newer vehicles. we believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.
we remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core o'reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service.
key events and recent developments several key events have had or may have a significant impact on our operations and are identified below:
●   after the close of business on december 31, 2018, we completed an asset purchase of bennett, a privately held automotive parts supplier operating 33 stores and a warehouse in florida. these stores were not operated by the company in 2018 and were therefore not included in our 2018 store count. beginning january 1, 2019, the operations of the acquired bennett locations were included in the company's store count, consolidated financial statements and results of operations. during the year ended december 31, 2019, the company merged 13 of these acquired bennett stores into existing o'reilly locations and rebranded the remaining 20 bennett stores as o'reilly stores.

●   under the company's share repurchase program, as approved by our board of directors in january of 2011, we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of our common stock, solely through open market purchases effected through a broker dealer at prevailing market prices, based on a variety of factors such as price, corporate trading policy requirements and overall market conditions. our board of directors may increase or otherwise modify, renew, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, without prior notice. as announced on may 31, 2019, and february 5, 2020, our board of directors approved a resolution each time to increase the authorization amount under our share repurchase program by an additional $1.00 billion, resulting in a cumulative authorization amount of $13.75 billion. each additional authorization is effective for a

25
three-year period, beginning on its respective announcement date. as of february 28, 2020, we had repurchased approximately 77.1 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $12.54 billion under this program.

●   on may 20, 2019, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured 3.900% senior notes due 2029 ("3.900% senior notes due 2029") at a price to the public of 99.991% of their face value with u.s. bank national association ("u.s. bank") as trustee. interest on the 3.900% senior notes due 2029 is payable on june 1 and december 1 of each year, which began on december 1, 2019, and is computed on the basis of a 360-day year.

●   after the close of business on november 29, 2019, we completed the acquisition of mayasa, a specialty retailer of automotive aftermarket parts headquartered in guadalajara, jalisco, mexico pursuant to a stock purchase agreement. at the time of the acquisition, mayasa operated six distribution centers, 21 orma autopartes stores and served over 2,000 independent jobber locations in 28 mexican states. the results of mayasa's operations have been included in the company's consolidated financial statements and results of operations beginning from the date of acquisition. pro forma results of operations related to the acquisition of mayasa are not presented as mayasa's results are not material to the company's results of operations.

results of operations the following table includes income statement data as a percentage of sales for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017

for the year ended december 31,
2019              2018              2017
sales                                                                 100.0    %        100.0    %        100.0    %
cost of goods sold, including warehouse and distribution expenses           46.9              47.2              47.4
gross profit                                                                53.1              52.8              52.6
selling, general and administrative expenses                                34.2              33.8              33.4
operating income                                                            18.9              19.0              19.2
interest expense                                                           (1.4)             (1.3)             (1.0)
interest income                                                              0.1                 -                 -
income before income taxes (1)                                              17.6              17.8              18.2
provision for income taxes                                                   3.9               3.9               5.6
net income                                                             13.7    %         13.9    %         12.6    %
(1)   each percentage of sales amount is computed independently and may not compute to presented totals.

2019 compared to 2018
sales:
sales for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased $614 million, or 6%, to $10.15 billion from $9.54 billion for the same period in 2018. comparable store sales for stores open at least one year increased 4.0% and 3.8% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. u.s. domestic comparable store sales are calculated based on the change in sales for stores open at least one year and exclude sales of specialty machinery, sales to independent parts stores and sales to team members. online sales, resulting from ship-to-home orders and pickup in-store orders, for stores open at least one year, are included in the comparable store sales calculation.
26
the following table presents the components of the increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2019 (in millions):

increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2019
compared to the same period in 2018
store sales:
comparable store sales                                                                                                             $375
non-comparable store sales:
sales for stores opened throughout 2018, excluding stores open at least one year that are included in comparable store sales       87
sales for stores opened throughout 2019 and sales from the acquired bennett and mayasa stores                                      141
decline in sales for stores that have closed                                                                                                                           (8)
non-store sales:
includes sales of machinery and sales to independent parts stores and team members                                                 19
total increase in sales                                                                                                            $614
we believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and over-night access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broad selection of product offerings in most of our stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance and our continued focus on serving both diy and professional service provider customers.
our comparable store sales increase for the year ended december 31, 2019, was driven by an increase in average ticket values for both diy and professional service provider customers. transaction counts were flat for the year ended december 31, 2019, comprised of positive transaction counts for professional service provider customers, offset by negative transaction counts for diy customers. the improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the newer population of vehicles and increased selling prices on a same-sku basis, as compared to one year ago. the increased complexity and replacement costs are a result of the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles that require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time, which creates pressure on customer transaction counts. however, when repairs are needed, the cost of replacement parts is, on average, greater, which benefits average ticket values. the increase in selling prices on a same-sku basis was driven by increases in acquisition costs of inventory, which were passed through in market prices. transaction counts for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the same period in 2018, were also negatively impacted by wetter, cooler than normal temperatures in many of our markets during the first half of 2019, which is a headwind to diy business. diy transaction counts continue to be impacted by the inflationary environment.
we opened 200 net, new u.s. stores during the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to opening 200 net, new u.s. stores during the year ended december 31, 2018. in addition, on january 1, 2019, we began operating 33 acquired bennett stores, and during the year ended december 31, 2019, we merged 13 of these acquired bennett stores into existing o'reilly locations and rebranded the remaining 20 bennett stores as o'reilly stores. after the close of business on november 29, 2019, we acquired 21 stores from mayasa. as of december 31, 2019, we operated 5,439 stores in 47 u.s. states and 21 stores in mexico compared to 5,219 u.s. stores in 47 states at december 31, 2018. we anticipate u.s. new store growth will be approximately 180 net, new store openings in 2020.
gross profit:
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased 7% to $5.39 billion (or 53.1% of sales) from $5.04 billion (or 52.8% of sales) for the same period in 2018. the increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended december 31, 2019, was primarily the result of sales from new stores and the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores. the increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2019, was due to a benefit from selling through inventory purchased prior to recent industry-wide acquisition cost increases and corresponding selling price increases. beginning in the last six months of 2018, inventory acquisition costs in our industry increased, as a result of tariffs on products imported from china and other increases in supplier input costs, which were passed through in higher retail and wholesale prices in our industry. we determine inventory cost using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method, but have, over time, seen our lifo reserve balance exhausted, as a result of cumulative historical acquisition cost decreases. our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost, and accordingly, we are effectively valuing our inventory at replacement cost.
27
selling, general and administrative expenses:
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased 8% to $3.47 billion (or 34.2% of sales) from $3.22 billion (or 33.8% of sales) for the same period in 2018. the increase in total sg&a dollars for the year ended december 31, 2019, was the result of team members, facilities and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count. the increase in sg&a as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2019, was principally due to wage pressure, driven by a low unemployment, inflationary environment, and other variable costs, including health benefit costs and cost of insurance, primarily auto related, and increased spending on omnichannel and technology initiatives.
operating income:
as a result of the impacts discussed above, operating income for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased 6% to $1.92 billion (or 18.9% of sales) from $1.82 billion (or 19.0% of sales) for the same period in 2018.
other income and expense:
total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased 8% to $130 million (or 1.3% of sales), from $121 million (or 1.3% of sales) for the same period in 2018. the increase in total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2019, was the result of increased interest expense on higher average outstanding borrowings, partially offset by an increase in the value of our trading securities.
income taxes:
our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased 8% to $399 million (22.3% effective tax rate) from $370 million (21.8% effective tax rate) for the same period in 2018. the increase in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019, was the result of higher taxable income and lower excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. the increase in our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2019, was the result of lower excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, excess tax benefits from share-based compensation were approximately $26 million and $35 million, respectively.
net income:
as a result of the impacts discussed above, net income for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased 5% to $1.39 billion (or 13.7% of sales), from $1.32 billion (or 13.9% of sales) for the same period in 2018.
earnings per share:
our diluted earnings per common share for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased 11% to $17.88 on 78 million shares from $16.10 on 82 million shares for the same period in 2018.
2018 compared to 2017
sales:
sales for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased $559 million, or 6%, to $9.54 billion from $8.98 billion for the same period in 2017. comparable store sales for stores open at least one year increased 3.8% and 1.4% for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. comparable store sales are calculated based on the change in sales for stores open at least one year and exclude sales of specialty machinery, sales to independent parts stores and sales to team members. online sales, resulting from ship-to-home orders and pickup in-store orders, for stores open at least one year, are included in the comparable store sales calculation.
28
the following table presents the components of the increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2018 (in millions):

increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017
store sales:
comparable store sales                                                                                                             $336
non-comparable store sales:
sales for stores opened throughout 2017, excluding stores open at least one year that are included in comparable store sales       101
sales for stores opened throughout 2018                                                                                            120
decline in sales for stores that have closed                                                                                                                           (7)
non-store sales:
includes sales of machinery and sales to independent parts stores and team members                                                 9
total increase in sales                                                                                                            $559
we believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and over-night access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broad selection of product offerings with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance and our continued focus on serving both diy and professional service provider customers.
our comparable store sales increase for the year ended december 31, 2018, was driven by an increase in average ticket values for both diy and professional service provider customers and positive transaction counts for professional service provider customers, offset by negative transaction counts for diy customers. the improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles and same sku inflation. these better-engineered, more technically advanced vehicles require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time. this decrease in repair frequency creates pressure on customer transaction counts; however, when repairs are needed, the cost of replacement parts is, on average, greater, which is a benefit to average ticket values. during the year ended december 31, 2018, diy transaction counts also continued to be pressured by increased gas prices and other inflationary impacts, resulting in an increased deferral of vehicle maintenance and repairs over the short term.
we opened 200 net, new stores during the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to opening 190 net, new stores during the year ended december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2018, we operated 5,219 stores in 47 states compared to 5,019 stores in 47 states at december 31, 2017. after the close of business on december 31, 2018, we acquired the 33 bennett stores that were not included in our 2018 store count and were not operated by the company in 2018.
gross profit:
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased 7% to $5.04 billion (or 52.8% of sales) from $4.72 billion (or 52.6% of sales) for the same period in 2017. the increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended december 31, 2018, was primarily the result of sales from new stores and the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores. the increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2018, was primarily due to a non-cash lifo charge in 2017, partially offset by an increase in distribution expenses. the increase in distribution expenses was primarily due to wage pressure and increased transportation costs, as compared to 2017. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we did not realize net acquisition cost decreases, and as a result, we did not record a lifo charge. during the year ended december 31, 2017, our lifo costs were written down by approximately $22 million to reflect replacement cost.
selling, general and administrative expenses:
sg&a for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased 8% to $3.22 billion (or 33.8% of sales) from $3.00 billion (or 33.4% of sales) for the same period in 2017. the increase in total sg&a dollars for the year ended december 31, 2018, was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count, the planned allocation of a portion of the tax savings realized as a result of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, enacted in december 2017 (the "tax act") and unfavorable comparison to a 2017 benefit of $9.1 million from the reduction in our legal accrual following the expiration of the statute of limitations related to a legacy claim. the increase in sg&a as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2018, was primarily due to our tax savings allocation initiatives and the 2017 legal accrual benefit.
29
operating income:
as a result of the impacts discussed above, operating income for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased 5% to $1.82 billion (or 19.0% of sales) from $1.73 billion (or 19.2% of sales) for the same period in 2017.
other income and expense:
total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased 38% to $121 million (or 1.3% of sales), from $88 million (or 1.0% of sales) for the same period in 2017. the increase in total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2018, was primarily the result of increased interest expense on higher average outstanding borrowings.
income taxes:
our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2018, decreased 27% to $370 million (21.8% effective tax rate) from $504 million (30.8% effective tax rate) for the same period in 2017. the decreases in our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2018, were primarily the result of the lower federal corporate tax rate set forth by the tax act, partially offset by a $53 million benefit in 2017 from the required revaluation of our deferred income tax liabilities based on the lower federal corporate tax rate set forth by the tax act and lower excess tax benefits from share-based compensation in 2018, as compared 2017. during the year ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, excess tax benefits from share-based compensation were approximately $35 million and $49 million, respectively.
net income:
as a result of the impacts discussed above, net income for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased 17% to $1.32 billion (or 13.9% of sales), from $1.13 billion (or 12.6% of sales) for the same period in 2017.
earnings per share:
our diluted earnings per common share for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased 27% to $16.10 on 82 million shares from $12.67 on 90 million shares for the same period in 2017. due to the revaluation of our deferred income tax liabilities in 2017, our diluted earnings per common share for the year ended december 31, 2017, included a one-time benefit of $0.59.
liquidity and capital resources our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain our existing stores and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. the primary sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility. decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns could negatively impact our ability to generate funds from operations. additionally, decreased demand or changes in buying patterns could impact our ability to meet the debt covenants of our credit agreement and, therefore, negatively impact the funds available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. we believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above recent levels.
liquidity and related ratios:
the following table highlights our liquidity and related ratios as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 (dollars in millions):

december 31,            percentage liquidity and related ratios   2019               2018                             change current assets                           $3,834              $3,543           8.2       %
current liabilities                       4,469               3,894          14.8       %
working capital (1)                       (636)               (351)        (81.2)       %
total debt                                3,891               3,417          13.9       %
total equity                               $397                $354          12.3       %
debt to equity (2)                       9.79:1              9.66:1           1.3       %
(1)   working capital is calculated as current assets less current liabilities.

(2)   debt to equity is calculated as total debt divided by total equity.

current assets increased 8%, current liabilities increased 15%, total debt increased 14% and total equity increased 12% from 2018 to 2019. the increase in current assets was primarily due to the increase in inventory, resulting from our distribution expansion projects and the opening and acquiring of 241 net, new stores in 2019. the increase in current liabilities was primarily due to the adoption of
30
asc 842 during 2019, resulting in the recognition of $316 million of current operating lease liabilities at december 31, 2019, and an increase in accounts payable, resulting from inventory growth related to distribution expansion projects and new store openings. our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 104.4% as of december 31, 2019, as compared to 105.7% for the same period in 2018. the increase in total debt was attributable to the issuance of $500 million of 3.900% senior notes due 2029 and borrowings of $261 million on our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2019. the increase in total equity was due to a decrease in retained deficit, resulting from net income for the year ended december 31, 2019, and increased additional paid-in-capital, which was due to employee stock option exercises, partially offset by the impact of share repurchase activity, under our share repurchase program, on retained deficit and additional paid-in capital.
the following table identifies cash provided by/(used in) our operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands):

for the year ended december 31, liquidity:                                             2019                    2018                       2017
total cash provided by/(used in):
operating activities                                       $1,708,479               $1,727,555                 $1,403,687
investing activities                                               (796,746)                (534,302)                  (464,223)
financing activities                                               (902,811)                (1,208,286)                (1,039,714)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                  169                -                          -
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       $9,091                   $(15,033)                  $(100,250)
capital expenditures                                       $628,057                 $504,268                   $465,940
free cash flow (1)                                                 1,020,649                1,188,584                  889,059
(1)   calculated as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, excess tax benefit from share-based compensation payments, and investment in tax credit equity investments for the period.

cash and cash equivalents balances held outside of the u.s. were $5.7 million as of december 31, 2019, which was generally utilized to support the liquidity needs of foreign operations in mexico, and no cash or cash equivalents were held outside of the u.s. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017.
operating activities:
the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to a decrease in income taxes payable, a larger increase in net inventory investment and an increase in accounts receivable, primarily offset by increased operating income. the decrease from income taxes payable in 2019, compared to the increase in income taxes payable in 2018, was primarily the result of a prepaid income taxes position at the end of 2019, versus an income taxes payable position at the end of 2018. the increase in net inventory investment was the result of a larger increase in inventory in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily driven by our distribution expansion projects. the increase in accounts receivable during 2019, as compared to the decrease in 2018, was primarily due to the respective year-over-year business day timing of year-end.
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to increased operating income, reduced cash taxes paid, due to the tax act, and a reduction of accounts receivable, due to the business day timing of year-end 2018, as compared to 2017.
investing activities:
the increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily the result of an increase in capital expenditures, investments in tax credit equity investments and an increase in other investing activities. total capital expenditures were $628 million in 2019 versus $504 million in 2018, and the increase was primarily related to distribution expansion projects, the timing of property acquisitions and construction costs for new stores and technology investments during 2019, as compared to 2018. investments in tax credit equity investments were the result of entering into tax credit equity investments for the purpose of receiving renewable energy tax credits. the increase in other investing activities was due to the acquisition of mayasa in 2019.
the increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily the result of an increase in capital expenditures in 2018 and an increase in other investing activities. total capital expenditures were $504 million and $466 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively, and the increase was primarily related to the timing of property acquisitions, closings, construction costs for new stores and the mix of owned versus leased stores opened during 2018, as compared to 2017. the increase in other investing activities was primarily due to more acquisition related expenditures in 2018, as compared to 2017.
31
we opened 200, 200, and 190 net, new domestic stores in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. in addition, on january 1, 2019, we began operating 33 acquired bennett stores, and during the year ended december 31, 2019, we merged 13 of these acquired bennett stores into existing o'reilly locations and rebranded the remaining 20 bennett stores as o'reilly stores. after the close of business on november 29, 2019, we acquired 21 stores from mayasa. we plan to open approximately 180 net, new domestic stores in 2020. the current costs associated with the opening of a new store, including the cost of land acquisition, building improvements, fixtures, vehicles, net inventory investment and computer equipment, are estimated to average approximately $1.5 million to $1.8 million; however, such costs may be significantly reduced where we lease, rather than purchase, the store site.
financing activities:
the decrease in net cash used in financing activities in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily attributable to a lower level of repurchases of our common stock in 2019, compared to 2018, and a higher level of net borrowings during 2019, as compared to 2018.
the increase in net cash used in financing activities in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily attributable to a lower level of net borrowings during 2018, as compared to 2017, partially offset by a lower level of repurchases of our common stock in 2018, as compared to 2017.
unsecured revolving credit facility:
on april 5, 2017, the company entered into a credit agreement (the "credit agreement"). the credit agreement provides for a five-year $1.20 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") arranged by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., which is scheduled to mature in april 2022. the credit agreement includes a $200 million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit and a $75 million sub-limit for swing line borrowings. as described in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, the company may, from time to time, subject to certain conditions, increase the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to $600 million, provided that the aggregate amount of the commitments does not exceed $1.80 billion at any time.
as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had outstanding letters of credit, primarily to support obligations related to workers' compensation, general liability and other insurance policies, in the amounts of $39 million and $35 million, respectively, reducing the aggregate availability under the credit agreement by those amounts. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility in the amounts of $261 million and $287 million, respectively.
senior notes:
on may 20, 2019, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured 3.900% senior notes due 2029 ("3.900% senior notes due 2029") at a price to the public of 99.991% of their face value with u.s. bank national association ("u.s. bank") as trustee. interest on the 3.900% senior notes due 2029 is payable on june 1 and december 1 of each year, which began on december 1, 2019, and is computed on the basis of a 360-day year.
we have issued a cumulative $3.65 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes, which are due between 2021 and 2029, with umb bank, n.a. and u.s. bank as trustees. interest on the senior notes, ranging from 3.550% to 4.875%, is payable semi-annually and is computed on the basis of a 360-day year. none of our subsidiaries is a guarantor under our senior notes.
debt covenants:
the indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, create certain liens on assets to secure certain debt and enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions, and limit our ability to merge or consolidate with another company or transfer all or substantially all of our property, in each case as set forth in the indentures. these covenants are, however, subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with the covenants applicable to our senior notes.
the credit agreement contains certain covenants, including limitations on indebtedness, a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.50:1.00 and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.50:1.00. the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio includes a calculation of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and non-cash share-based compensation expense to fixed charges. fixed charges include interest expense, capitalized interest and rent expense. the consolidated leverage ratio includes a calculation of adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and non-cash share-based compensation expense. adjusted debt includes outstanding debt, outstanding stand-by letters of credit and similar instruments, five-times rent expense and excludes any premium or discount recorded in conjunction with the issuance of long-term debt. in the event that we should default on any covenant contained within the credit agreement, certain actions may be taken, including, but not limited to, possible termination of commitments, immediate payment of outstanding principal amounts plus accrued interest and other amounts payable under the credit agreement and litigation from our lenders.
32
we had a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 5.21 times and 5.38 times as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and a consolidated leverage ratio of 2.20 times and 2.10 times as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, remaining in compliance with all covenants related to the borrowing arrangements.
the table below outlines the calculations of the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio covenants, as defined in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 (dollars in thousands):

for the year ended december 31,
2019                                       2018
gaap net income                                                       $1,391,042                $1,324,487
add:                   interest expense                                  139,975                   122,129
rent expense (1)                                  338,697                   317,283
provision for income taxes                        399,287                   369,600
depreciation expense                              270,076                   255,866
amortization expense                                  799                     3,071
non-cash share-based compensation                  21,921                    20,176
non-gaap ebitdar                                                      $2,561,797                $2,412,612
interest expense                                 $139,975                  $122,129
capitalized interest                               12,998                     9,092
rent expense (1)                                  338,697                   317,283
total fixed charges                                                     $491,670                  $448,504
consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio                                    5.21                      5.38
gaap debt                                                             $3,890,527                $3,417,122
add:                   stand-by letters of credit                         38,870                    35,148
discount on senior notes                            3,515                     4,294
debt issuance costs                                16,958                    15,584
five-times rent expense                         1,693,485                 1,586,415
non-gaap adjusted debt                                                $5,643,355                $5,058,563
consolidated leverage ratio                                                 2.20                      2.10
(1)   the table below outlines the calculation of rent expense and reconciles rent expense to total lease cost, per accounting standard codification 842 ("asc 842"), adopted and effective january 1, 2019, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 (in thousands):


total lease cost, per asc 842, for the year ended december 31, 2019                                                                                                            $398,294
less:                               variable non-contract operating lease components, related to property taxes and insurance, for the year ended december 31, 2019              59,597
rent expense for the year ended december 31, 2019                                                                                                                              $338,697
the table below outlines the calculation of free cash flow and reconciles free cash flow to net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 (in thousands):

for the year ended december 31,
2019                                  2018                   2017
cash provided by operating activities                                                $1,708,479             $1,727,555             $1,403,687
less:                capital expenditures                                                    628,057                504,268                465,940
excess tax benefit from share-based compensation payments                25,992                 34,703                 48,688
investment in tax credit equity investments                              33,781                      -                      -
free cash flow                                                                       $1,020,649             $1,188,584             $889,059
33
free cash flow, the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and the consolidated leverage ratio discussed and presented in the tables above are not derived in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). we do not, nor do we suggest investors should, consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, gaap financial information. we believe that the presentation of our free cash flow, consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors and reflects the required covenants under the credit agreement. we include these items in judging our performance and believe this non-gaap information is useful to investors as well. material limitations of these non-gaap measures are that such measures do not reflect actual gaap amounts. we compensate for such limitations by presenting, in the tables above, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
share repurchase program:
in january of 2011, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program. under the program, we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of our common stock, solely through open market purchases effected through a broker dealer at prevailing market prices, based on a variety of factors such as price, corporate trading policy requirements and overall market conditions. our board of directors may increase or otherwise modify, renew, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, without prior notice. as announced on may 31, 2019, and february 5, 2020, our board of directors each time approved a resolution to increase the authorization amount under our share repurchase program by an additional $1.00 billion, resulting in a cumulative authorization amount of $13.75 billion. each additional authorization is effective for a three-year period, beginning on its respective announcement date.
the following table identifies shares of our common stock that have been repurchased as part of our publicly announced share repurchase program for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 (in thousands, except per share data):

for the year ended december 31,
2019                               2018
shares repurchased                    3,877                 6,061
average price per share       $369.55               $282.80
total investment              $1,432,752            $1,713,953
as of december 31, 2019, we had $569 million remaining under our share repurchase program. subsequent to the end of the year and through february 28, 2020, we repurchased an additional 0.9 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program, at an average price of $400.78, for a total investment of $363 million. we have repurchased a total of 77.1 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program since the inception of the program in january of 2011 and through february 28, 2020, at an average price of $162.72 for a total aggregate investment of $12.54 billion. as of february 28, 2020, we had approximately $1.21 billion remaining under our share repurchase program.
contractual obligations our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019, included commitments for short and long-term debt arrangements, interest payments related to long-term debt, future payments under non-cancelable lease arrangements, self-insurance reserves, purchase obligations for construction contract commitments and other long-term liabilities, which are identified in the table below and are fully disclosed in note 5 "leases," note 11 "share-based compensation and benefit plans" and note 13 "commitments" to the consolidated financial statements. we expect to fund these commitments primarily with operating cash flows expected to be generated in the normal course of business or through borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
deferred income taxes, as well as commitments with various suppliers for the purchase of inventory, are not reflected in the table below due to the absence of scheduled maturities, the nature of the account or the commitment's cancellation terms. due to the absence of scheduled maturities, the timing of certain of these payments cannot be determined, except for amounts estimated to be payable in 2020, which are included in "current liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheets.
we record a reserve for potential liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, including estimated interest and penalties, which are fully disclosed in note 15 "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements. these estimates are not included in the table below because the timing related to the ultimate resolution or settlement of these positions cannot be determined. as of december 31, 2019, we recorded a net liability of $36.6 million related to these uncertain tax positions on our consolidated balance sheets, all of which was included in "other liabilities."
we record a reserve for the projected obligation related to future payments under the company's nonqualified deferred compensation plan, which is fully disclosed in note 11 "share-based compensation and benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements. this estimate is not included in the table below because the timing related to the ultimate payment cannot be determined. as of
34
december 31, 2019, we recorded a liability of $32 million related to this uncertain liability on our consolidated balance sheets, all of which was included in "other liabilities."
the following table identifies the estimated payments of the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 (in thousands):

payments due by period before               years                 years                years 5
contractual obligations                                                  total                   1 year               1 and 2               3 and 4              and over long-term debt principal and interest payments (1)                       $4,779,438              $157,958             $1,624,882            $477,935             $2,518,663
future minimum lease payments under operating leases (2)                         2,437,219              316,050               574,102              456,857               1,090,210
self-insurance reserves (3)                                                        168,279               79,079               54,148               21,772                13,280
construction commitments                                                           100,086              100,086               -                    -                     -
capital contributions to certain tax credit equity investments (4)                  95,000               95,000               -                    -                     -
total contractual cash obligations                                       $7,580,022              $748,173             $2,253,132            $956,564             $3,622,153
(1)   our revolving credit facility, which has a maximum aggregate commitment of $1.20 billion and matures in april 2022, bears interest (other than swing line loans), at our option, at either the alternate base rate or adjusted libo rate (both as defined in the credit agreement) plus a margin, that will vary from 0.000% to 0.250% in the case of loans bearing interest at the alternate base rate and 0.680% to 1.250% in the case of loans bearing interest at the adjusted libo rate, in each case based upon the better of the ratings assigned to our debt by moody's investor service, inc. and standard &amp; poor's rating services, subject to limited exceptions. swing line loans made under the revolving credit facility bear interest at the alternate base rate plus the applicable margin described above. in addition, we pay a facility fee on the aggregate amount of the commitments in an amount equal to a percentage of such commitments, varying from 0.070% to 0.250% per annum based upon the better of the ratings assigned to our debt by moody's investor service, inc. and standard &amp; poor's rating services, subject to limited exceptions. based on our current credit ratings, our margin for alternate base rate loans was 0.000%, our margin for eurodollar revolving loans was 0.900% and our facility fee was 0.100%. as of december 31, 2019, we had outstanding borrowings in the amount of $261 million under our revolving credit facility.

(2)   the minimum lease payments above do not include potential amounts for percentage rent and other variable operating lease related costs, which are also required contractual obligations under our operating leases but are generally not fixed and can fluctuate from year to year. see note 5 "leases" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our operating leases.

(3)   we use various self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, vehicle and general liability, and employee health care benefits. the self-insurance reserves above are at the undiscounted obligation amount. the self-insurance reserves liabilities are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at our estimate of their net present value and do not have scheduled maturities; however, we can estimate the timing of future payments based upon historical patterns. see note 13 "commitments" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our self-insurance reserves.

(4)   we have entered into an agreement to make capital contributions to certain tax credit equity investments for the purpose of receiving renewable energy tax credits. we are required to make capital contributions upon achievement of project milestones by the solar energy farms, the timing of which is variable and outside of the company's control. see note 13 "commitments" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our capital contribution obligations.

off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements are transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements with an unconsolidated entity, for which we have an obligation to the entity that is not recorded in our consolidated financial statements. we historically utilized various off-balance sheet financial instruments, including sale-leaseback and synthetic lease transactions, but we have not entered into any such transactions for over 10 years and do not plan to utilize off-balance sheet arrangements in the future to fund our working capital requirements, operations or growth plans.
we issue stand-by letters of credit provided by a $200 million sub-limit under the revolving credit facility that reduce our available borrowings under the revolving credit facility. those letters of credit are issued primarily to satisfy the requirements of workers' compensation, general liability and other insurance policies. substantially all of the outstanding letters of credit have a one-year term from the date of issuance. letters of credit totaling $39 million and $35 million were outstanding at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
we have entered into an agreement to make capital contributions to certain tax credit equity investments for the purpose of receiving renewable energy tax credits. we are required to make capital contributions totaling $95 million upon achievement of project milestones by the solar energy farms, the timing of which is variable and outside of the company's control.
we do not have any off-balance sheet financing that has, or is reasonably likely to have, a material, current or future effect on our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
35
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the application of certain estimates and judgments by management. management bases its assumptions, estimates, and adjustments on historical experience, current trends and other factors believed to be relevant at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. management believes that the following policies are critical due to the inherent uncertainty of these matters and the complex and subjective judgments required in establishing these estimates. management continues to review these critical accounting policies and estimates to ensure that the consolidated financial statements are presented fairly in accordance with gaap. however, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates and such differences could be material.
inventory obsolescence and shrink:
inventory, which consists of automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and tools, is stated at the lower of cost or market. the extended nature of the life cycle of our products is such that the risk of obsolescence of our inventory is minimal. the products that we sell generally have applications in our markets for a long period of time in conjunction with the corresponding vehicle population. we have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and, accordingly, have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. we do record a reserve to reduce the carrying value of our inventory through a charge to cost of sales in the isolated instances where we believe that the market value of products is lower than our recorded cost. this reserve is based on our assumptions about the marketability of our existing inventory and is subject to uncertainty to the extent that we must estimate, at a given point in time, the market value of inventory that will be sold in future periods. ultimately, our projections could differ from actual results and could result in a material impact to our stated inventory balances. we have historically not had to materially adjust our obsolescence reserves due to the factors discussed above and do not anticipate that we will experience material changes in our estimates in the future.
we also record a reserve to reduce the carrying value of our perpetual inventory to account for quantities in our perpetual records above the actual existing quantities on hand caused by unrecorded shrink. we estimate this reserve based on the results of our extensive and frequent cycle counting programs and periodic, full physical inventories. to the extent that our estimates do not accurately reflect the actual unrecorded inventory shrinkage, we could potentially experience a material impact to our inventory balances. we have historically been able to provide a timely and accurate measurement of shrink and have not experienced material adjustments to our estimates. if the shrink reserve changed 10% from the estimate that we recorded based on our historical experience at december 31, 2019, the financial impact would have been approximately less than $1 million or less than 0.1% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2019.
valuation of long-lived assets and goodwill:
we evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. as part of the evaluation, we review performance at the store level to identify any stores with current period operating losses that should be considered for impairment. a potential impairment has occurred if the projected future undiscounted cash flows realized from the best possible use of the asset are less than the carrying value of the asset. the estimate of cash flows includes management's assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of that asset in operations. if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the assets. our impairment analyses contain estimates due to the inherently judgmental nature of forecasting long-term estimated cash flows and determining the ultimate useful lives and fair values of the assets. actual results could differ from these estimates, which could materially impact our impairment assessment.
we review goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. we have never recorded an impairment to goodwill. the process of evaluating goodwill for impairment involves a detailed qualitative assessment to be performed first and then, based on the conclusion of the totality of events and circumstances, a quantitative assessment may be performed, which involves the determination of the fair value of our company using the market approach. when a quantitative assessment is performed, inherent in such fair value determinations are certain judgments and estimates, including estimates that incorporate assumptions marketplace participants would use in making their estimates of fair value. in the future, if events or market conditions affect the estimated fair value to the extent that an asset is impaired, we will adjust the carrying value of these assets in the period in which the impairment occurs. based on our qualitative assessment, we do not believe there has been any change of events or circumstances that would indicate that a reevaluation of goodwill is required as of december 31, 2019, nor do we believe goodwill would be at risk of failing impairment testing.
supplier concessions:
we receive concessions from our suppliers through a variety of programs and arrangements, including co-operative advertising, allowances for warranties, merchandise allowances and volume purchase rebates. co-operative advertising allowances that are
36
incremental to our advertising program, specific to a product or event and identifiable for accounting purposes are reported as a reduction of advertising expense in the period in which the advertising occurred. all other material supplier concessions are recognized as a reduction to the cost of sales. amounts receivable from suppliers also include amounts due to us relating to supplier purchases and product returns. management regularly reviews amounts receivable from suppliers and assesses the need for a reserve for uncollectible amounts based on our evaluation of our suppliers' financial position and corresponding ability to meet their financial obligations. based on our historical results and current assessment, we have not recorded a reserve for uncollectible amounts in our consolidated financial statements, and we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that our ability to collect these amounts will differ from our expectations. the eventual ability of our suppliers to pay us the obliged amounts could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
warranty reserves:
we offer warranties on certain merchandise we sell with warranty periods ranging from 30 days to limited lifetime warranties. the risk of loss arising from warranty claims is typically the obligation of our suppliers. certain suppliers provide upfront allowances to us in lieu of accepting the obligation for warranty claims. for this merchandise, when sold, we bear the risk of loss associated with the cost of warranty claims. differences between supplier allowances received in lieu of warranty obligations and estimated warranty expense are recorded as an adjustment to the cost of sales. estimated warranty costs, which are recorded as obligations at the time of sale, are based on the historical failure rate of each individual product line. our historical experience has been that failure rates are relatively consistent over time and that the ultimate cost of warranty claims has been driven by volume of units sold as opposed to fluctuations in failure rates or the variation of the cost of individual claims. if warranty reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2019, the financial impact would have been approximately $6 million or 0.3% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2019.
self-insurance reserves:
we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, general liability, vehicle liability, property loss, and team member health care benefits. with the exception of certain team member health care benefit liabilities, employment related claims and litigation, certain commercial litigation and certain regulatory matters, we obtain third-party insurance coverage to limit our exposure for any individual workers' compensation, general liability, vehicle liability or property loss claim. when estimating our self-insurance liabilities, we consider a number of factors, including historical claims experience and trend-lines, projected medical and legal inflation, growth patterns and exposure forecasts. the assumptions made by management as they relate to each of these factors represent our judgment as to the most probable cumulative impact of each factor to our future obligations. our calculation of self-insurance liabilities requires management to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported as of the balance sheet date, and the application of alternative assumptions could result in a different estimate of these liabilities. actual claim activity or development may vary from our assumptions and estimates, which may result in material losses or gains. as we obtain additional information that affects the assumptions and estimates we used to recognize liabilities for claims incurred in prior accounting periods, we adjust our self-insurance liabilities to reflect the revised estimates based on this additional information. these liabilities are recorded at our estimate of their net present value, using a credit-adjusted discount rate. these liabilities do not have scheduled maturities, but we can estimate the timing of future payments based upon historical patterns. we could apply alternative assumptions regarding the timing of payments or the applicable discount rate that could result in materially different estimates of the net present value of the liabilities. if self-insurance reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2019, the financial impact would have been approximately $16 million or 0.9% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2019.
legal reserves:
we maintain reserves for expenses associated with litigation, for which o'reilly is currently involved. we are currently involved in litigation incidental to the ordinary conduct of our business. management, with the assistance of outside legal counsel, must make estimates of potential legal obligations and possible liabilities arising from such litigation and records reserves for these expenditures. if legal reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2019, the financial impact would have been approximately $1 million or less than 0.1% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2019.
taxes:
we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we regularly review our potential tax liabilities for tax years subject to audit. the amount of such liabilities is based on various factors, such as differing interpretations of tax regulations by the responsible tax authority, experience with previous tax audits and applicable tax law rulings. changes in our tax liability may occur in the future as our assessments change based on the progress of tax examinations in various jurisdictions and/or changes in tax regulations. in management's opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years presented. the estimates of our potential tax liabilities contain uncertainties because management must use judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax
37
positions and actual results could differ from our estimates. alternatively, we could have applied assumptions regarding the eventual outcome of the resolution of open tax positions that could differ from our current estimates but would still be reasonable given the nature of a particular position. while our estimates are subject to the uncertainty noted in the preceding discussion, our initial estimates of our potential tax liabilities have historically not been materially different from actual results, except in instances where we have reversed liabilities that were recorded for periods that were subsequently closed with the applicable taxing authority.
inflation and seasonality we have generally been successful in reducing the effects of merchandise cost increases principally by taking advantage of supplier incentive programs, economies of scale resulting from increased volume of purchases and selective forward buying. to the extent our acquisition cost increased due to price increases industry-wide, we have typically been able to pass along these increased costs through higher retail prices for the affected products. as a result, we do not believe inflation has had a material adverse effect on our operations.
to some extent, our business is seasonal primarily as a result of the impact of weather conditions on customer buying patterns. while we have historically realized operating profits in each quarter of the year, our store sales and profits have historically been higher in the second and third quarters (april through september) than in the first and fourth quarters (october through march) of the year.
quarterly results the following tables set forth certain quarterly unaudited operating data for fiscal years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. the unaudited quarterly information includes all adjustments, which management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the information shown (in thousands, except per share and comparable store sales data):

fiscal 2019
first                              second                   third                  fourth quarter                           quarter                 quarter                 quarter comparable store sales                                  3.2      %              3.4      %              5.0      %              4.4      %
sales                                            $2,410,608                     $2,589,874              $2,666,528              $2,482,975
gross profit                                             1,279,290               1,368,287               1,422,530               1,324,584
operating income                                           444,786                 498,074                 536,363                 441,503
net income                                                 321,152                 353,681                 391,293                 324,916
earnings per share - basic (1)                   $4.09                               $4.56                   $5.14                   $4.29
earnings per share - assuming dilution (1)       $4.05                               $4.51                   $5.08                   $4.25

fiscal 2018
first                              second                   third                  fourth quarter                           quarter                 quarter                 quarter comparable store sales                                  3.4      %              4.6      %              3.9      %              3.3      %
sales                                            $2,282,681                     $2,456,073              $2,482,717              $2,314,957
gross profit                                             1,201,258               1,288,638               1,315,755               1,234,315
operating income                                           422,846                 479,150                 485,148                 428,040
net income                                                 304,906                 353,073                 366,151                 300,357
earnings per share - basic (1)                   $3.65                               $4.32                   $4.54                   $3.76
earnings per share - assuming dilution (1)       $3.61                               $4.28                   $4.50                   $3.72
(1)   earnings per share amounts are computed independently for each quarter and annual period. the quarterly earnings per share amounts may not sum to equal the full-year earnings per share amount.

the unaudited operating data presented above should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report, and the other financial information included therein.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements for information about recent accounting pronouncements.
38
