item 1a. risk factors.
a wide range of risks may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, now and in the future. we consider the risks described below to be the most significant. there may be other currently unknown or unpredictable factors that could have adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks relating to viacomcbs' business and industry changes in consumer behavior, as well as evolving technologies, distribution platforms and packaging, may negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations the ways in which consumers view content, and technology and business models in our industry continue to evolve rapidly, and new distribution platforms, as well as increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies, have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenue streams.
technological advancements have driven changes in consumer behavior and empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and have affected the options available to advertisers for reaching their target audiences. the evolution of consumer preferences towards digital services and other subscription services, and the substantial increase in availability of programming without advertising or adequate methodologies for audience measurement, may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. examples of the foregoing include the convergence of television telecasts and digital delivery of programming to televisions and other devices, video-on-demand platforms, tablets, new video and electronic book formats, user-generated content sites, unauthorized digital distribution of video content including via streaming and downloading, simultaneous live streaming of telecast content which allows users to consume content on demand and in remote locations while avoiding traditional commercial advertisements or subscription payments and "cloud-based" dvr storage.
in addition, consumers are increasingly using time-shifting and advertising-blocking technologies that enable users to fast-forward or circumvent advertisements, such as dvrs, or increase the sharing of subscription content and reduce the demand for electronic sell-through, dvd and blu-ray disc products. substantial use of these technologies could impact the attractiveness of our programming to advertisers, adversely affecting our advertising revenue. our business also may be adversely affected by the use of antennas (and their integration with set-top boxes or other consumer devices) to access broadcast signals to avoid subscriptions and live and stored video streaming boxes and services, which deliver unauthorized copies of copyrighted content, including those emanating from other countries in various languages.
in response to perceived consumer demand, distributors of programming and program services are continuing to develop alternative offerings for consumers, including "skinny bundles," smaller, often customizable programming packages delivered at lower costs than traditional offerings; svod and other subscription services; ad-supported fvod services developed by television manufacturers, cable providers and others; and original programming hosted on mobile and social media platforms. also, the impact of technological changes on mvpds may adversely affect our cable networks' ability to grow revenue. if these alternative offerings continue to gain traction and our networks and brands are not included in those packages and services, or if consumers increasingly favor alternative offerings over traditional broadcast television and cable subscriptions, we may continue to experience a decline in viewership and ultimately demand for our programming, which could lead to lower revenues. these changing distribution models may also impact our ability to negotiate carriage deals on terms favorable to us, thereby having an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in order to respond to these developments, we regularly consider and from time to time implement changes to our business models and strategies to remain competitive, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully anticipate or respond to these developments, that we will not experience disruption as we respond to such developments, or that the business models we develop will be as profitable as our current business models.
i-
our advertising revenues have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by changes in consumers' content viewership, deficiencies in audience measurement and advertising market conditions we derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on a variety of platforms, and a decline in advertising revenues could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in any given period.
consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, and an increasing number of companies offer svod services, including some that offer exclusive high-quality original video programming delivered directly to consumers over the internet. consumers are also using new technologies that allow customers to live stream and time shift programming, make and store digital copies and skip or fast-forward through advertisements. the increasing number of entertainment choices available to consumers has intensified audience fragmentation and reduced the viewing of content through traditional mvpds and virtual mvpds, which has caused, and likely will continue to cause, audience ratings declines for our cable networks and may adversely affect the pricing and volume of advertising. in addition, the pricing and volume of advertising may be affected by shifts in spending toward digital and mobile offerings, which can deliver targeted advertising promptly, from more traditional media, or toward newer ways of purchasing advertising, such as through automated purchasing, dynamic advertising insertion, third parties selling local advertising spots and advertising exchanges, some or all of which may not be as beneficial to us as traditional advertising methods.
in addition, advertising sales are largely dependent on audience measurement, and the results of audience measurement techniques can vary for a variety of reasons, including the platforms on which viewing is measured and variations in the statistical sampling methods used. the use of evolving ratings technologies and measurements, and viewership on platforms or devices, such as tablets, smart phones and other mobile devices, that are not being fully measured, could have an impact on our program ratings and advertising revenues. also, consumer viewership of streaming services continues to grow and is under measured. low ratings can lead to lower pricing and advertising spending. while nielsen's statistical sampling method is the primary measurement technique used in our television advertising sales, we measure and monetize our campaign reach and frequency on and across digital platforms based on other third-party data as well as first-party data using a variety of methods, including the number of impressions served and demographics. in addition, multi-platform campaign verification remains in its infancy, and viewership on tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices, which continues to grow rapidly, still is not measured by any one consistently applied method. these variations and changes could have a significant effect on our advertising revenues. there can be no assurance that any replacement programming on our television stations will generate the same level of revenues or profitability as previous programming.
the strength of the advertising market can fluctuate in response to the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, advertisers' current spending priorities and the economy in general or the economy of any individual geographic market, particularly a major market, such as los angeles or new york, in which we own and operate sizeable businesses, and this may adversely affect our advertising revenues. natural and other disasters, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could lead to a reduction in domestic and international advertising expenditures as a result of disrupted programming and services, uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty. in addition, advertising expenditures by companies in certain sectors of the economy, including the financial, pharmaceutical and automotive segments, represent a significant portion of our advertising revenues. any political, economic, social or technological change resulting in a reduction in these sectors' advertising expenditures may adversely affect our revenue. our ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on demand for our content, the consumers in our targeted demographics, advertising rates and results observed by advertisers. these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our success depends on our ability to maintain attractive brands and our reputation, and to offer popular programming and other content our ability to maintain attractive brands and our reputation, and to create popular programming and other content, tentpole and other live events and consumer products are key to the success of our business and our ability to generate revenues. the production and distribution of television and other programming, films and other entertainment content i-
and the licensing of rights to the associated intellectual property is inherently risky because the revenues we derive from various sources primarily depend on our ability to satisfy consumer tastes and expectations in a consistent manner. the popularity of our content is affected by our ability to maintain or develop our strong brand awareness and reputation and to target key audiences, and by the quality and attractiveness of competing entertainment content and the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, including online, mobile and other offerings. audience tastes change frequently and it is a challenge to anticipate what offerings will be successful at any point in time. we invest substantial capital in creating and promoting our content, including in the production of original content on our networks, in our films, in our television production business and in our publications, before learning the extent to which it will garner critical success and popularity with consumers.
in our cable networks and tv entertainment businesses, the popularity of our brands and programming has a significant impact on the revenues we are able to generate from advertising, affiliate fees, content licensing, consumer products and other licensing activities, and our ability to expand our presence internationally depends, in part, on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences outside the u.s. in addition, the success of our publishing business is similarly dependent on audience acceptance of its publications.  in our filmed entertainment business, the theatrical performance of a film affects not only the theatrical revenues we receive but also revenues from other distribution outlets, such as tvod and svod, television, home entertainment and licensed consumer products. additionally, a shortfall, now or in the future, in the expected popularity of our programming that we expect to distribute or the sports events for which we have acquired rights, could lead to decreased profitability or losses for a significant period of time. significant negative claims or publicity regarding the company or its operations, products, management, employees, practices, business partners and culture may damage our brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue.  a lack of popularity of our offerings or damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in a particular period or over a longer term.
increased costs for programming, films and other rights, and judgments we make on the potential performance of our content, may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in our tv entertainment and cable networks segments, we produce a significant amount of original programming and other content and we invest significant resources in our brands, in part with the aim of developing higher quality and quantity of original content, and we also derive a portion of our revenue from the exploitation of our extensive library of television programming. in our filmed entertainment segment, we invest significant amounts in the production, marketing and distribution of films and television series. we also acquire programming, films and television series, as well as a variety of digital content and other ancillary rights such as consumer and home entertainment product offerings, and we pay license fees, royalties and/or contingent compensation in connection with these acquired rights. for example, some of cbs television network's most widely viewed broadcasts, including golf's masters tournament, nfl games and series such as young sheldon, are made available based upon programming rights of varying duration that we have negotiated with third parties. we also license various music rights from the major record companies, music publishers and performing rights organizations.
our investments in original and acquired programming are significant and involve complex negotiations with numerous third parties, and rapid changes in consumer behavior have increased the risk associated with the success of all kinds of programming. competition for popular content is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay for talent and intellectual property rights, which may result in significantly increased costs. further, increased competition in the market for development and production of original programming, such as from amazon, apple, facebook, hulu, netflix and youtube, and streaming services by large entertainment companies, increases our content costs as they introduce different ways of compensating talent and approaching production. we may be outbid by our competitors for the rights to new, popular programming or in connection with the renewals of popular programming that we currently license. finally, certain of our counterparties and vendors may encounter financial and operational pressures, which could result in increased costs to us or delays in production. as such, there can be no assurance that we will recoup our investments in programming, films and other content when the content is broadcast or distributed. if our content offerings cease to be widely accepted by audiences or are not continuously replenished with popular content, our revenues could be adversely affected.
i-
the accounting for the expenses we incur in connection with our programming and films requires that we make judgments about their potential success and useful life. we initially estimate the ultimate revenues of a television program or film and then update our estimate of ultimate revenues based on expected future and actual results, including following a television program's initial broadcast or a film's initial theatrical release. if our estimates prove to be incorrect or are reduced, it may result in decreased profitability as a result of the accelerated recognition of the expense and/or write-down of the value of the asset. similarly, if we determine it is no longer advantageous for us to air a program on our broadcast or cable networks, we would accelerate our amortization of the program costs.
these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the loss of key talent could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of not only our corporate and divisional executive teams, but also the various creative talent and entertainment personalities with whom we work. for example, we employ or contract with several entertainment personalities with loyal audiences and we produce films with highly regarded directors, producers, writers, actors and other talent. these individuals are important to achieving the success of our programs, films and other content. there can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or will retain their current appeal, or that the costs associated with retaining them or new talent will be reasonable. if we fail to retain these individuals on current terms or if our entertainment personalities lose their current appeal or we fail to attract new talent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
our businesses operate in industries that are highly competitive and swiftly consolidating we depend on the popularity of our content and other offerings, our appeal to advertisers and widespread distribution of our content. we compete with other media companies to attract creative talent and produce high quality content, and for distribution on a variety of third-party platforms to draw large audiences. competition for talent, content, audiences, service providers, production infrastructure, advertising and distribution is intense and comes from broadcast television stations and networks, cable television systems and networks (including our own), streaming service distributors, the internet and social media platforms, film studios and independent film producers and distributors, consumer products companies and other entertainment outlets and platforms, as well as from search engines, program guides and "second screen" applications and non-traditional programming services, such as streaming offerings. additionally, other television stations or cable networks may change their formats or programming, a new station or new network may adopt a format to compete directly with our stations or networks, or stations or networks might engage in aggressive promotional campaigns. further, competition from additional entrants into the market for development and production of original programming and streaming services, such as amazon, apple, facebook, hulu, netflix and youtube, and major entertainment companies, continues to increase. in book publishing, competition among electronic and print book retailers could decrease the prices for new releases and the outlets available for book sales. moreover, the growing use of self-publishing technologies by authors increases competition and could result in decreased use of traditional publishing services.
our ability to obtain widespread distribution on favorable terms, which contributes to our ability to attract audiences and, in turn, advertisers, is adversely affected by the consolidation of advertising agencies, programmers, content providers, distributors (including telecom companies) and television service providers. this consolidation reduces the number of distributors with whom we negotiate and increases the negotiating leverage and market power of the combined companies. in addition, consolidation in the film business may adversely affect the distribution of our films on various platforms. consolidation among book retailers and the growth of online sales and electronic books sales have resulted in increased competition for limited physical shelf space for our publications and for the attention of consumers online.
in addition, our competitors generally include market participants with interests in multiple media businesses that are often vertically integrated, whereas our cable networks business generally relies on distribution relationships with third parties. as more cable and satellite operators, internet service providers, telecom companies and other content distributors, aggregators and search providers create or acquire their own content, they may have significant i-
competitive advantages, which could adversely affect our ability to negotiate favorable terms for distribution or otherwise compete effectively in the delivery marketplace. our competitors could also have preferential access to important technologies, customer data or other competitive information, as well as significant financial resources.
this competition and consolidation could result in lower ratings and advertising, lower affiliate and other revenues, and increased content costs and promotional and other expenses, negatively affecting our ability to generate revenues and profitability. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that competition or consolidation in the marketplace will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
because we derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of distributors, the loss of affiliation and distribution agreements, renewal on less favorable terms or adverse interpretations could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations a significant portion of our revenues, particularly from cable networks and tv entertainment, are attributable to agreements with mvpds and virtual mvpds, and other distributors of our programming and program services. these agreements generally have fixed terms that vary by market and distributor, and there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed in the future, or renewed on favorable terms, including but not limited to those related to pricing and programming tiers. we may also be unable to modify existing agreements with terms that have over time become less favorable. the loss of existing packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities and the loss of carriage on cable and satellite programming tiers or the failure to renew our agreements with any distributor, or renew or modify them on favorable terms, could reduce the distribution of our programming and program services and decrease the potential audience for our programs, thereby negatively affecting our growth prospects and revenues from both affiliate fees and advertising.
the cbs television network provides its affiliates with up to approximately 98 hours of regularly scheduled programming per week. in return, the cbs television network's affiliated stations broadcast network-inserted commercials during that programming and pay us station affiliation fees. loss of station affiliation agreements of the cbs television network could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the reach of our programming and therefore our attractiveness to advertisers, and renewal of these affiliation agreements on less favorable terms may also adversely affect our results of operations.
consolidation among mvpds and increased vertical integration of such distributors into the cable or broadcast network business have provided more leverage to these distributors and could adversely affect our ability to maintain or obtain distribution for our network programming or distribution and/or marketing of our subscription program services on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. also, consolidation among television station group owners could increase their negotiating leverage. moreover, competitive pressures faced by mvpds, particularly in light of the lower retail prices of streaming services, could adversely affect the terms of our renewals with mvpds. in addition, mvpds and streaming services continue to develop alternative offerings for consumers, including "skinny bundles." to the extent these packages do not include our programming and become widely accepted in lieu of traditional program packages, we could experience a decline in affiliate revenues.
similarly, our revenues are dependent on the compliance of major distributors with the terms of our affiliation or distribution agreements. as these agreements have grown in complexity, the number of disputes regarding the interpretation, and even validity, of the agreements has grown, resulting in greater uncertainty and, from time to time, litigation with respect to our rights and obligations. for example, some of our distribution agreements contain "most favored nation" ("mfn") clauses, which provide that if we enter into an agreement with a distributor and such agreement includes specified terms that are more favorable than those held by a distributor holding an mfn right, we must offer some of those terms to the distributor holding the mfn right. these clauses are generally complex and may lead to disagreement over their interpretation and application. disagreements with a distributor on the interpretation or validity of an agreement could adversely impact our revenues from both affiliate fees and advertising, as well as our relationship with that distributor.
these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
i-
the integration of the cbs and viacom businesses may not be successful or may be more difficult, time consuming or costly than expected. synergies and other benefits may not be realized within the expected time frames, or at all.  operating costs, customer loss and business disruption may be greater than expected and revenues may be lower than expected following the merger.  our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services and technologies present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals we had contemplated.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the businesses of the combined companies in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and achieves the projected standalone cost savings and revenue growth trends that have been identified without adversely affecting current revenues and investments in future growth. the failure to meet the challenges involved in combining cbs' and viacom's businesses following the merger and to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger, including expected synergies, could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of viacomcbs and could adversely affect the results of operations of viacomcbs. the overall combination of our businesses may also result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, and loss of customer and other business relationships. the difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others:
•   the diversion of management attention to integration matters;
•   difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including administrative and information technology infrastructure and financial reporting and internal control systems;
•   challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, business cultures and compensation structures between the two companies;
•   difficulties in integrating employees and attracting and retaining key personnel, including talent;
•   challenges in retaining existing, and obtaining new customers, viewers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, employees and others, including material content providers, studios, producers, directors, actors, authors and other talent, and advertisers;
•   difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities, financing plans and growth prospects from the combination;
•   difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger and more complex company;
•   challenges in continuing to develop valuable and widely accepted content and technologies;
•   contingent liabilities that are larger than expected; and
•   potential unknown liabilities, adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses associated with the merger.
in addition, even if our operations are integrated successfully, the full benefits of the merger may not be realized, including, among others, the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that are expected. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame or at all. further, additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of our businesses. many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of them could result in lower revenues, higher costs and diversion of management time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the past, we have acquired and invested, and expect to continue to acquire and invest, in new businesses, products, services and technologies as part of our ongoing strategic initiatives. such acquisitions and strategic initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including the types described above as well as insufficient revenues from such investments to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with the new i-
investments, unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence that could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such investments and incur unanticipated liabilities and a failure to successfully further develop an acquired business or technology. because new investments are inherently risky, and the anticipated benefits or value of these investments may not materialize, no assurance can be given that such investments and other strategic initiatives will not adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
service disruptions or failures of, or cybersecurity attacks upon, our or our service providers' networks, information systems and other technologies could result in the disclosure of confidential or valuable business or personal information, disruption of our businesses, damage to our brands and reputation, legal exposure and financial losses networks, cloud services, information systems and other technologies, including technology systems used in connection with the production and distribution of our programming, films and other content by us or our third-party providers ("systems"), are critical to our business activities, and shutdowns or service disruptions of, and cybersecurity attacks on, these systems pose increasing risks. such shutdowns, disruptions and attacks may be caused by third-party hacking of computers and systems; dissemination of computer viruses, worms, malware, ransomware and other destructive or disruptive software; denial of service attacks and other bad acts; human error; and power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks or other similar events. shutdowns, disruptions and attacks could have an adverse impact on us, our business partners, employees, advertisers, viewers and users of our content offerings, including degradation or disruption of service, loss of data and damage to equipment and data. steps we take to add software and hardware, upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and improve the stability and efficiency of our systems may not be sufficient to avoid shutdowns, disruptions and attacks. significant events could result in a disruption of our operations and reduction of our revenues, the loss of or damage to the integrity of data used by management to make decisions and operate our businesses, viewer or advertiser dissatisfaction or a loss of viewers or advertisers, and damage to our reputation or brands.
we operate communications and computer hardware systems located both in our facilities and that of third-party providers. in addition, we use third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. we also use content delivery networks to help us stream programming, films and other content in high volume to viewers and users of our online, mobile and app offerings over the internet. problems faced by us, our hosting providers, our third-party "cloud" computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity attacks and regulatory interference, could result in a disruption of our operations and reduction of our revenues, adversely impact the experience of our viewers and users, and could damage our reputation and brands.
we are subject to risks caused by the misappropriation, misuse, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss of business or personal data or programming content maintained in our or our third-party providers' systems, including proprietary and personal information (of third parties, employees and users of our online, mobile and app offerings), business information including intellectual property, or other confidential information. outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our third-party providers or fraudulently induce employees, business partners or users of our online, mobile and app offerings to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to our data or our subscribers' or users' data, or our programming. the number and sophistication of attempted and successful information security breaches in the u.s. and elsewhere have increased in recent years, and because of our prominence, we and/or third-party providers we use may be a particularly attractive target for such attacks. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or disable, degrade or sabotage, these systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate security measures or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis. moreover, the development and maintenance of security measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated.
if a material breach of our systems or those of our third-party providers occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, we could lose subscribers, viewers, advertisers and other i-
business partners, and users of our online, mobile and app offerings; and our reputation, brands and credibility could be damaged; and we could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair or replace such systems or to comply with regulatory requirements. we could also be subject to actions by regulatory authorities and claims asserted in private litigation. the costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate us for any losses associated with such events.
each of these factors could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and personal data protection we are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the u.s. and in other countries relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal data. in the eu, for example, the gdpr mandates data protection compliance obligations and authorizes significant fines for noncompliance, requiring significant compliance resources and efforts on our part. further, a number of other regions where we do business have enacted or are considering new data protection regulations that may impact our business activities. in the u.s., the california consumer privacy act, which went into effect on january 1, 2020, creates a host of new obligations for businesses regarding how they handle the personal information of california residents. we are also subject to laws and regulations intended specifically to protect the interests of children and the privacy of minors online, including coppa in the u.s. and the gdpr in the eu, and we have been required to limit some functionality on our websites and apps as a result of these regulations. such regulations also restrict the types of advertising we are able to sell on these sites and apps and impose strict liability on us for certain actions of viacomcbs, advertisers and other third parties, which could affect advertising demand and pricing. we will continue to expend resources to comply with data protection and privacy standards imposed by law, industry standards or contractual obligations, which may be inconsistent with one another, and despite such efforts we may face regulatory and other legal actions. see "regulation and protection of our intellectual property-certain other regulations affecting our business-global data protection laws and children's privacy laws."
each of these factors could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
the failure, destruction and/or breach of satellites and facilities that we depend upon to distribute our programming could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations we use satellite systems, fiber and other methods to transmit our programs and program services to broadcast television and cable television operators and other distributors worldwide. the distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. notwithstanding certain back-up and redundant systems, transmissions may be disrupted as a result of power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks, cyber attacks, failures or impairments of communications satellites or on-ground uplinks or downlinks used to transmit programming or other similar events. currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming, and if a disruption occurs, we may not be able to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely manner. there can be no assurance that such failure or disruption would not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
theft of our content, including digital copyright theft and other unauthorized uses of our content, reduces revenue received from legitimate distribution of our programming, films, books and other entertainment content and adversely affects our business, financial condition or results of operations the success of our businesses depends in part on our ability to maintain and monetize our intellectual property rights. we are fundamentally a content company and theft of our content - specifically, the infringement of our films and home entertainment products, television programming, digital content, books and other intellectual property rights - affects us and the value of our content. intellectual property theft is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that either lack effective laws and technical protection measures similar to those existing in the u.s. and europe or i-
lack effective enforcement of such measures, or both. such foreign copyright theft often creates a supply of pirated content for major markets as well. the interpretation of copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws as applied to our content, and our infringement-detection and enforcement efforts, remain in flux, and some methods of enforcement have encountered political opposition. the failure to appropriately enforce and/or the weakening of existing intellectual property laws could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect our intellectual property and thus negatively affect its value.
content theft is made easier by the wide availability of higher bandwidth and reduced storage costs, as well as tools that undermine encryption and other security features and enable infringers to cloak their identities online. we and our numerous production and distribution partners operate various technology systems in connection with the production and distribution of our programming and films, and intentional or unintentional acts could result in unauthorized access to our content. the continuing proliferation of digital formats and technologies heightens this risk. the unauthorized distribution and consumption of our content through a wide array of platforms and devices remain problematic and an ever-present challenge, as internet-connected televisions, set-top boxes and mobile devices are ubiquitous and many can support illegal re-transmission platforms, illicit video-on-demand/streaming services and pre-loaded hardware, providing more accessible, versatile and legitimate-looking environments for consuming pirated film and television content. unauthorized access to our content could result in the premature release of films, television programs or other content as well as a reduction in legitimate audiences, which would likely have significant adverse effects on the value of the affected content and our ability to monetize our content.
copyright theft has an adverse effect on our business because it reduces the revenue that we are able to receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content, undermines lawful distribution channels, reduces the public's and some affiliate partners' perceived value of our content and inhibits our ability to recoup or profit from the costs incurred to create such content. while legal protections exist, piracy and technological tools with which to engage in copyright theft continue to escalate, evolve and present challenges for enforcement. we are actively engaged in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, and it is likely that we will continue to expend substantial resources in connection with these efforts. efforts to prevent the unauthorized reproduction, distribution and exhibition of our content may affect our profitability and may not be successful in preventing harm to our business and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
political and economic conditions in a variety of markets around the world could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations our businesses operate and have audiences, customers and partners worldwide, and we are focused on expanding our international operations in key markets, some of which are emerging markets. for that reason, economic conditions in many different markets around the world affect a number of aspects of our businesses, in particular revenues in both domestic and international markets derived from advertising sales, theatrical releases, home entertainment distribution, television licensing and sales of consumer products. economic conditions in each market can also impact our audience's discretionary spending and therefore their willingness to access our content, as well as the businesses of our partners who purchase advertising on our networks, causing them to reduce their spending on advertising. we may also be subject to longer payment cycles. in addition, as we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar (compared to, for example, the argentinian peso, the british pound and the euro, among others) has increased. such fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, and there is no assurance that downward trending currencies will rebound or that stable currencies will remain stable in any period.
our businesses are also exposed to certain political risks inherent in conducting a global business, including retaliatory actions by governments reacting to changes in the u.s. and other countries, including in connection with trade negotiations; issues related to the presence of corruption in certain markets and enforcement of anti-corruption laws and regulations; increased risk of political instability in some markets as well as conflict and sanctions preventing us from accessing those markets; escalating trade, immigration and nuclear disputes; wars, acts of terrorism or other hostilities; and other political, economic or other uncertainties.
i-
the uk left the eu on january 31, 2020. it is now in a 'transition period' scheduled to end on december 31, 2020 that allows the negotiation of a future uk-eu trade relationship while remaining part of the eu single market. depending on the ultimate terms of a trade deal, the uk could lose access to the single eu market and to the global trade deals negotiated by the eu on behalf of its members. it is possible that the uk could revert to world trade organization terms if no deal is reached. the effects of brexit and the on-going trade negotiations may continue to adversely affect business activity, political stability and economic and market conditions in the uk, the eurozone, the eu and elsewhere and contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the euro and the british pound. a new trade deal, or no deal at all, could lead to additional political, legal and economic instability and uncertainty in the eu, including changes in the regulatory environment, which could impact our ability to use uk law under "country of origin" rules for programming in the eu, potential trade barriers between the uk and the eu and between the uk and other countries, and potential content production quota regulations. given that a portion of our business is conducted in the eu, including the uk, any of these effects of brexit and a trade deal, and others we cannot anticipate, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
these political and economic risks could create instability in any of the markets where our businesses derive revenues, which could result in a reduction of revenue or loss of investment that adversely affects our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
changes in u.s. or foreign laws or regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations our program services, filmed entertainment and online, mobile and app properties are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, both in the u.s. and/or in the foreign jurisdictions in which we or our partners operate, including relating to intellectual property, content regulation, user privacy, data protection, anti-corruption, repatriation of profits, tax regimes, quotas, tariffs or other trade barriers, currency exchange controls, operating license and permit requirements, restrictions on foreign ownership or investment, export and market access restrictions, and exceptions and limitations on copyright and censorship, among others.
the television broadcasting and distribution industries in the u.s. are highly regulated by u.s. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc. for example, we are required to obtain licenses from the fcc to operate our television stations. it cannot be assured that the fcc will approve our future renewal applications or that the renewals will be for full terms or will not include conditions or qualifications. the non-renewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. we must also comply with extensive fcc regulations and policies in the ownership and operation of our television stations and our television networks, which prohibit common ownership of two or more of the top four television networks and limit the number of television stations that a licensee can own in a market and the number of television stations that can be owned in the u.s., which could restrict our ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require us to divest some television stations. our programming directed towards children is subject to a number of additional regulations. for example, privacy regulations make it difficult to measure online viewership by children. the threat of regulatory action or increased scrutiny that deters certain advertisers from advertising or reaching their intended audiences could adversely affect advertising revenue.
the u.s. congress and the fcc currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations, and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operation and ownership of our television properties. for example, from time to time, proposals have been advanced in the u.s. congress and at the fcc to require television stations to provide advertising time to political candidates for free or at a reduced charge. any restrictions on advertising may adversely affect our advertising revenues. changes to the media ownership and other fcc rules may affect the competitive landscape in ways that could increase the competition faced by us. proposals have also been advanced from time to time before the u.s. congress and the fcc to extend the program access rules (currently applicable only to those cable program services which also own or are owned in whole or in part by cable distribution or telephone company systems) to all cable program services. our ability to i-
obtain the most favorable terms available for our content could be adversely affected should such an extension be enacted into law. it is difficult to predict the likelihood or impact of any proposed actions by the u.s. congress or the fcc on our television properties.
laws in some non-u.s. jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the u.s., and the enforcement of such laws can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which could impact our ability to expand our operations and undertake activities that we believe are beneficial to our business. in addition, changes in or new interpretations of international laws and regulations governing the broadcast and distribution of content, competition and the internet, including those affecting data privacy, as well as the new eu law requiring 30% local content on svod services and proposed amendments to the law governing territorial exclusivity of the distribution of content in europe, may have an adverse impact on our international businesses and digital properties.
our businesses are also subject to laws and regulations in the u.s. and internationally governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which has implications for how such data is managed. for example, gdpr expands the regulation of personal data processing throughout the eu and significantly increases penalties for non-compliance. complying with these laws and regulations could be costly, require us to change our business practices, or limit or restrict aspects of our business in a manner adverse to our business operations. many of these laws and regulations continue to evolve, and substantial uncertainty surrounds their scope and application. our failure to comply could result in exposure to enforcement by u.s. or foreign governments, as well as significant negative publicity and reputational damage.
our businesses could be adversely affected by new laws and regulations, changes in existing laws, changes in interpretations of existing laws by courts and regulators and the threat that additional laws or regulations may be forthcoming, as well as our ability to enforce our legal rights. we could be required to change or limit certain of our business practices, which could impact our ability to generate revenues. we could also incur substantial costs to comply with new and existing laws and regulations, or substantial fines and penalties or other liabilities if we fail to comply with such laws and regulations.
vigorous enforcement or modification of fcc indecency and other program content rules against the broadcast and cable industries could have an adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations the fcc's rules prohibit the broadcast of obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material on television stations between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. broadcasters risk violating the prohibition against broadcasting indecent material because of the vagueness of the fcc's indecency/profanity definition, coupled with the spontaneity of live programming. the fcc enforces its indecency rules against the broadcasting industry. the fcc has found on a number of occasions that the content of television broadcasts has contained indecent material. in such instances, the fcc issued fines or advisory warnings to the offending licensees. moreover, the fcc has in some instances imposed separate fines for each allegedly indecent "utterance," in contrast with its previous policy, which generally considered all indecent words or phrases within a given program as constituting a single violation. broadcasting indecent material could result in fines per station of a maximum of approximately $415,000 per utterance and/or the loss of a station's fcc license. if the fcc denied a license renewal or revoked the license for one of our television stations, we would lose our authority to operate the station. the determination of whether content is indecent is inherently subjective and, as such, it can be difficult to predict whether particular content could violate indecency standards. the difficulty in predicting whether individual programs, words or phrases may violate the fcc's indecency rules adds significant uncertainty to our ability to comply with the rules. violation of indecency rules could lead to sanctions which may adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. some policymakers support the extension of the indecency rules that are applicable to over-the-air broadcasters to cover cable and satellite programming and/or attempts to increase enforcement of or otherwise expand existing laws and rules. if such an extension, attempt to increase enforcement or other expansion took place and were found to be constitutional, some of our cable content could be subject to additional regulation and might not be able to attract the same subscription and viewership levels.
i-
we could be subject to material liabilities as a result of adoption of or changes in tax laws, regulations and administrative practices, interpretations and policies we are subject to taxation in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our tax rates are impacted by the tax laws, regulations and administrative practices, interpretations and policies in the federal, state and local and international territories where our businesses operate, and these rates may be subject to significant change. our tax returns are routinely audited and litigation, adverse outcomes, or settlements may occur because tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken, including our methodologies for intercompany arrangements. additionally, shifting economic and political conditions may result in significant changes to tax policies, laws or tax rates in various jurisdictions. such changes, litigation, adverse outcomes, or audit settlements may result in the recognition of additional charges to our income tax provision in any given period and may adversely affect our effective income tax rate or cash payments and may therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
volatility and weakness in capital markets may adversely affect our credit availability and related financing costs bank and capital markets can experience periods of volatility and disruption. if the disruption in these markets is prolonged, our ability to refinance, and the related cost of refinancing, some or all of our debt could be adversely affected. although we can currently access the bank and capital markets, there is no assurance that such markets will continue to be a reliable source of financing for us. in addition, our access to and cost of borrowing can be affected by our short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by ratings agencies. in addition, the interest rates included in certain agreements that govern certain of our debt securities and/or credit facilities may be based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor"). in the future, use of libor may be discontinued and we cannot be certain how long libor will continue to be a viable benchmark interest rate. use of alternative interest rates could result in increased borrowing costs or volatility in the markets and interest rates. these factors, including the tightening of credit markets, or a decrease in our debt ratings, could adversely affect our ability to obtain cost-effective financing.
we could be adversely affected by strikes and other union activity we and our business partners engage the services of writers, directors, actors, musicians and other talent, production crew members, trade employees, players in sports leagues and others who are subject to industry-wide or specially-negotiated collective bargaining agreements, and occasionally individual agreements. the alliance of motion picture and television producers (amptp) is a multi-employer trade association that, along with and on behalf of hundreds of member companies including paramount pictures and cbs studios, negotiates the industry-wide collective bargaining agreements with these parties, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. the writers guild of america contract expires on may 1, 2020, and the directors guild of america and screen actors guild-american federation of television and radio artists contracts expire on june 30, 2020.  the amptp expects to negotiate successor deals with these guilds and unions in the coming months. any labor disputes that arise may disrupt our operations and cause delays in the production of our programming, and we may not be able to negotiate favorable terms for a renewal, which could increase our costs. depending on its duration, any lockout, labor dispute, strike or work stoppage could have an adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and/or operating income and/or their timing.
our revenues, expenses and operating results may vary based on the timing, mix, number and availability of our films and other programming and on seasonal factors our revenues, expenses and operating results fluctuate due to the timing, mix, number and/or availability of our theatrical films, home entertainment releases and programs for licensing. for example, our operating results may increase or decrease during a particular period relative to the corresponding period in the prior year due to differences in the number and/or mix of films released, the commencement of a license period or the timing of delivery of programming to licensees for exhibition. our operating results also fluctuate due to the timing of the recognition of marketing expenses, which are generally incurred before and throughout the theatrical release of a film, with the recognition of related revenues through the film's theatrical exhibition and subsequent distribution windows.
i-
our business also has experienced and is expected to continue to experience seasonality due to, among other things, seasonal advertising patterns and seasonal influences on audiences' viewing, reading and attendance habits. typically, our revenue from advertising is highest in the first and fourth quarters. in the cable networks segment, advertising is typically highest in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season, among other factors. in the tv entertainment segment, advertising revenues benefit principally in the first quarter of the years in which we telecast the super bowl and ncaa division i men's basketball tournament national semifinals and championship and in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season and, in even-numbered years, advertising placed by candidates for political offices. revenues from the filmed entertainment segment's theatrical film releases tend to be cyclical with increases during the summer. the publishing segment is subject to increased periods of demand during the summer and year-end holiday season. the effects of these variances make it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the previous results of any specific quarter.
we could suffer losses due to asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets, fcc licenses and programming we test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including fcc licenses, for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if events or circumstances require an interim impairment assessment. certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in advertising markets, a decrease in audience acceptance of our programming or films, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms and/or changes in consumer behavior could result in a downward revision in the estimated fair value of a reporting unit or intangible assets, including fcc licenses, which could result in a non-cash impairment charge. any such impairment charge for goodwill, intangible assets and/or programming could have a material adverse effect on our reported net earnings.
our liabilities related to discontinued operations and former businesses could adversely impact our financial conditions we have both recognized and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, certain of which are unrelated to the media business, including leases, guarantees, environmental liabilities, liabilities related to the pensions and medical expenses of retirees, asbestos liabilities, contractual disputes and other pending and threatened litigation. we cannot be assured that our accruals for these matters are sufficient to cover these liabilities in their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due or at what point any of these liabilities may come due. therefore, there can be no assurances that these liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating performance or cash flow.
risks relating to nai's voting control of viacomcbs and pledged shares nai, through its voting control of viacomcbs, will be in a position to control actions that require stockholder approval nai, through its direct and indirect ownership of our class a common stock, has voting control of viacomcbs. at december 31, 2019, nai directly or indirectly owned approximately 79.4% of the shares of our class a common stock outstanding, and approximately 10.2% of the shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock outstanding on a combined basis. sumner m. redstone is the beneficial owner of the controlling interest in nai and, accordingly, beneficially owns all such shares. mr. redstone is the controlling stockholder, chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of nai. shari e. redstone, the president and a director of nai, serves as non-executive chair of the viacomcbs board of directors (the "viacomcbs board"). nai is controlled by mr. redstone through the sumner m. redstone national amusements trust (the "smr trust"), which owns 80% of the voting interest of nai, and such voting interest of nai held by the smr trust is voted solely by mr. redstone until his incapacity or death. the smr trust provides that in the event of mr. redstone's death or incapacity, voting control of the nai voting interest held by the smr trust will pass to seven trustees, who will include ms. redstone. no member of our management is a trustee of the smr trust.
i-
subject to the terms of the governance agreement dated as of august 13, 2019, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this annual report on form 10-k, nai is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require, or may be accomplished by, stockholder approval, including amending viacomcbs' bylaws, the election or removal of directors and transactions involving a change of control. for example, the viacomcbs bylaws provide that:
•   the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares of our capital stock then entitled to vote generally in an election of directors, voting together as a single class, is required for our stockholders to amend, alter, change, repeal or adopt any of our bylaws;
•   any or all of our directors may be removed from office at any time prior to the expiration of his or her term of office, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of record of outstanding shares representing at least a majority of all the aggregate voting power of outstanding shares of our common stock then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class at a special meeting of our stockholders called expressly for that purpose; provided that during the two-year period following the closing date of the viacomcbs merger, the removal of our chief executive officer requires the approval of the viacomcbs board by the "requisite approval" (as defined in the viacomcbs certificate of incorporation incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this annual report on form 10-k); provided further, that during the two-year period following the closing date, nai and nai entertainment holdings llc are not permitted to remove any other persons who were members of the viacomcbs board at the effective time of the merger in accordance with the merger agreement or who otherwise become members the viacomcbs board (other than any of the nai affiliated directors (as defined in the bylaws)) without the requisite approval; and
•   in accordance with the general corporation law of the state of delaware, our stockholders may act by written consent without a meeting if such stockholders hold the number of shares representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such actions at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
accordingly, viacomcbs stockholders who may have different interests are unable to affect the outcome of any such corporate actions for so long as nai retains voting control. for more information, see the governance agreement incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this annual report on form 10-k.
sales of nai's shares of viacomcbs common stock, some of which are pledged to lenders, could adversely affect the stock price at december 31, 2019, nai directly or indirectly owned approximately 79.4% of the shares of our class a common stock outstanding, and approximately 10.2% of the shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock outstanding on a combined basis. based on information received from nai, nai has pledged to its lenders a portion of shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock owned directly or indirectly by nai.
at december 31, 2019, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock pledged by nai to its lenders represented approximately 4.1% of the total outstanding shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock, on a combined basis. at december 31, 2019, the amount of our class a common stock that nai directly or indirectly owned and that was not pledged by nai to its lenders represented approximately 64.0% of the total outstanding shares of our class a common stock.
if there is a default on nai's debt obligations and the lenders foreclose on the pledged shares, the lenders may not effect a transfer, sale or disposition of any pledged shares of our class a common stock, unless nai and its affiliates beneficially own 50% or less of our class a common stock then outstanding or such shares have first been converted into our class b common stock. a sale of the pledged shares could adversely affect our common stock share price.  in addition, there can be no assurance that at some future time nai will not sell or pledge additional shares of our common stock, which could adversely affect our common stock share price.
i-
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition.(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
management's discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of viacomcbs inc. should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. references in this document to "viacomcbs," the "company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to viacomcbs inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires.
significant components of management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition include:
•   overview-the overview section provides a summary of viacomcbs and our business and operational highlights.
•   consolidated results of operations-the consolidated results of operations section provides an analysis of our results on a consolidated basis for the three years ended december 31, 2019.
•   segment results of operations-the segment results of operations section provides an analysis of our results on a reportable segment basis for the three years ended december 31, 2019.
•   liquidity and capital resources-the liquidity and capital resources section provides a discussion of our cash flows for the three years ended december 31, 2019, and of our outstanding debt, commitments and contingencies existing as of december 31, 2019.
•   critical accounting policies-the critical accounting policies section provides detail with respect to accounting policies that are considered by management to require significant judgment and use of estimates and that could have a significant impact on our financial statements.
•   legal matters-the legal matters section discusses our legal matters and other litigation to which we are a party.
•   market risk-the market risk section discusses how we manage exposure to market and interest rate risks.
overview viacomcbs is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates content and experiences for audiences worldwide.
merger with viacom inc.
on december 4, 2019, viacom inc. ("viacom") merged with and into cbs corporation ("cbs"), with cbs continuing as the surviving company (the "merger"). at the effective time of the merger (the "effective time"), the combined company changed its name to viacomcbs inc. ("viacomcbs").
at the effective time, (1) each share of viacom class a common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time, other than shares held directly by viacom as treasury shares or held by cbs, was converted automatically into 0.59625 shares of viacomcbs class a common stock, and (2) each share of viacom class b common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time, other than shares held directly by viacom as treasury shares or held by cbs, was converted automatically into 0.59625 shares of viacomcbs class b common stock (together with viacomcbs class a common stock, the "viacomcbs common stock"). at the effective time, each share of cbs class a common stock and each share of cbs class b common stock (together with cbs class a common stock, the "cbs common stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time, remained an issued and outstanding share of viacomcbs class a common stock and viacomcbs class b common stock, respectively, and was not affected by the merger.
following the merger, the cbs common stock was delisted from the new york stock exchange and the viacom common stock ceased trading on the nasdaq stock market llc ("nasdaq"). on december 5, 2019, viacomcbs ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
class a common stock and viacomcbs class b common stock were listed on nasdaq and began trading under the ticker symbols viaca and viac, respectively.
the merger is being accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control as national amusements, inc. ("nai") was the controlling stockholder of each of cbs and viacom (and remains the controlling stockholder of viacomcbs). the net assets of viacom have been combined with those of cbs at their historical carrying amounts and the companies have been presented on a combined basis for all periods presented.
operational highlights 2019 vs. 2018
consolidated results of operations                                                                              increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                              2019   2018                $                               %
gaap:
revenues                                                                      $27,812             $27,250       $562              2           %
operating income                                                               $4,273              $5,204       $(931       )           (18   )%
net earnings from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs               $3,270              $3,423       $(153       )            (4   )%
diluted eps from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs                 $5.30               $5.51       $(.21       )            (4   )%
net cash flow provided by operating activities                                 $1,230              $3,464       $(2,234     )           (64   )%
non-gaap: (a)
adjusted oibda                                                                 $5,531              $6,289       $(758       )           (12   )%
adjusted net earnings from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs      $3,090              $3,646       $(556       )           (15   )%
adjusted diluted eps from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs        $5.01               $5.87       $(.86       )           (15   )%
free cash flow                                                                   $877              $3,111       $(2,234     )           (72   )%
(a) see pages ii-6 - ii-8 and ii-33 for reconciliations of adjusted results to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap").
for 2019, revenues increased 2% to $27.81 billion from $27.25 billion in 2018, driven by cbs' broadcast of super bowl liii in 2019, growth from our streaming services, which include cbs all access, pluto tv and the showtime streaming subscription offering ("showtime ott"), and higher content licensing revenues driven by the production of programming for third parties. these increases were partially offset by lower theatrical revenues, primarily due to the difficult comparison against mission: impossible - fallout in 2018, and lower political advertising sales as a result of the midterm elections in 2018. foreign exchange rate changes had a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on the revenue comparison.
operating income decreased 18% to $4.27 billion from $5.20 billion in 2018. this comparison was impacted by items identified as affecting comparability, including restructuring charges, costs related to the merger and other corporate matters, programming charges and gains on the sale of assets. adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization ("adjusted oibda") decreased 12%, primarily reflecting an increased investment in content, including a higher number of series produced for exhibition on our properties as well as for third parties. net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs for 2019 were $3.27 billion, or $5.30 per diluted share, compared with $3.42 billion, or $5.51 per diluted share, for 2018. this comparison was impacted by the aforementioned items as well as other items identified as affecting comparability set forth in the section "reconciliation of non-gaap measures" below. adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs decreased 15% and adjusted diluted earnings per share ("eps") from continuing operations decreased 15% to $5.01 for 2019, driven by the lower adjusted oibda. adjusted oibda, adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations are non-gaap financial measures. see pages ii-6
ii-5
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
- ii-8 for details of the items excluded from financial results, and reconciliations of adjusted results to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with gaap.
we generated operating cash flow of $1.23 billion in 2019 compared with $3.46 billion in 2018. free cash flow was $877 million for 2019 compared with $3.11 billion for 2018. these decreases primarily reflected the aforementioned increased investment in content, higher payments for income taxes and payments of $132 million in 2019 for costs related to the merger. in addition, operating cash flow and free cash flow included payments for restructuring activities of $234 million in 2019 and $219 million in 2018. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. see "free cash flow" on pages ii-33 for a reconciliation of net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with gaap, to free cash flow.
reconciliation of non-gaap measures results for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 included certain items identified as affecting comparability. adjusted oibda, adjusted earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, adjusted provision for income taxes, adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations (together, the "adjusted measures") exclude the impact of these items and are measures of performance not calculated in accordance with gaap. we use these measures to, among other things, evaluate our operating performance. these measures are among the primary measures used by management for planning and forecasting of future periods, and they are important indicators of our operational strength and business performance. in addition, we use adjusted oibda to, among other things, value prospective acquisitions. we believe these measures are relevant and useful for investors because they allow investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by our management; provide a clearer perspective on our underlying performance; and make it easier for investors, analysts and peers to compare our operating performance to other companies in our industry and to compare our year-over-year results.
because the adjusted measures are measures of performance not calculated in accordance with gaap, they should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, operating income, earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, benefit (provision) for income taxes, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs or diluted eps from continuing operations, as applicable, as indicators of operating performance. these measures, as we calculate them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies.
the following tables reconcile the adjusted measures to their most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with gaap.
year ended december 31,                                  2019                2018                2017
operating income (gaap)                            $4,273              $5,204              $5,341
depreciation and amortization (a)                     443                 433                 443
restructuring and other corporate matters (b)         775                 490                 258
programming charges (b)                               589                 162                 144
gain on sale of assets (b)                           (549   )               -                (146   )
adjusted oibda (non-gaap)                          $5,531              $6,289              $6,040
(a) 2019 includes an impairment charge of $20 million to reduce the carrying value of intangible assets.
(b) see notes on the following tables for additional information on items affecting comparability.
ii-6
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, 2019
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes       benefit (provision) for income taxes                              net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs       diluted eps from continuing operations reported (gaap)                                                                  $3,345                                                            $9                                                                  $3,270                                                 $5.30
items affecting comparability:
restructuring and other corporate matters (a)                                       775                                                          (134         )                                                           641                                       1.04
impairment charge (b)                                                                20                                                            (6         )                                                            14                                       .02
programming charges (c)                                                             589                                                          (142         )                                                           447                                       .73
gain on sale of assets (d)                                                         (549             )                     163                                                                                            (386               )                                 (.63                )
net gain from investments (e)                                                       (85             )                     16                                                                                              (69               )                                 (.11                )
discrete tax items (f)                                                                -                                                          (827         )                                                          (827               )                                 (1.34               )
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                              $4,095                                                         $(921         )                                                        $3,090                                                 $5.01
(a) reflects severance and exit costs relating to restructuring activities and costs incurred in connection with the merger, legal proceedings involving the company and other corporate matters.
(b) reflects a charge to reduce the carrying value of our international broadcast licenses in australia to their fair value.
(c) programming charges principally reflect accelerated amortization associated with changes in the expected monetization of certain programs, and decisions to cease airing, alter future airing patterns or not renew certain programs, in connection with management changes implemented as a result of the merger.
(d) reflects a gain on the sale of the cbs television city property and sound stage operation ("cbs television city").
(e) reflects a gain on marketable securities of $113 million; gains of $22 million on the sale and acquisition of joint ventures; and an impairment charge of $50 million to write-down an investment to its fair value.
(f) primarily reflects a deferred tax benefit of $768 million resulting from the transfer of intangible assets between our subsidiaries in connection with a reorganization of our international operations; tax benefits of $44 million realized in connection with the preparation of the 2018 federal tax return, based on further clarity provided by the united states government on tax positions relating to federal tax legislation enacted in december 2017 (the "tax reform act"); and a tax benefit of $39 million triggered by the bankruptcy of an investee.
ii-7
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, 2018
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes       provision for income taxes                              net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs       diluted eps from continuing operations reported (gaap)                                                                  $4,124                                                   $(617       )                                                      $3,423                                                 $5.51
items affecting comparability:
restructuring and other corporate matters (a)                                       490                                                    (116       )                                                         374                                       .60
programming charges (b)                                                             162                                                     (39       )                                                         123                                       .20
gain on early extinguishment of debt                                                (18             )                     4                                                                                     (14               )                                 (.02                )
net loss from investments (c)                                                        53                                                     (16       )                                                          37                                       .06
discrete tax items (d)                                                                -                                                    (297       )                                                        (297               )                                 (.48                )
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                              $4,811                                                 $(1,081       )                                                      $3,646                                                 $5.87
(a) primarily reflects severance and exit costs relating to restructuring activities as well as professional fees related to legal proceedings, cost transformation initiatives, investigations at our company and the evaluation of potential merger activity.
(b) reflects programming charges resulting from changes to our programming strategy, including at cbs films and our cable networks segment, in connection with management changes.
(c) reflects a loss on marketable securities of $23 million; an impairment charge of $46 million to write-down an investment to its fair value; and a gain of $16 million on the sale of a 1% equity interest in viacom18 to our joint venture partner.
(d) primarily reflects a net discrete tax benefit of $80 million related to the tax reform act and other tax law changes; a net tax benefit of $71 million relating to a tax accounting method change granted by the internal revenue service ("irs"); and the reversal of a valuation allowance of $140 million relating to capital loss carryforwards that were utilized in connection with the sale of cbs television city in 2019.
year ended december 31, 2017
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes       provision for income taxes                              net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs       diluted eps from continuing operations reported (gaap)                                                         $4,120                                                   $(804       )                                                      $3,268                                                 $5.05
items affecting comparability:
restructuring charges                                                      258                                                     (95       )                                                         163                                       .25
programming charges (a)                                                    144                                                     (50       )                                                          94                                       .14
gain on sale of assets (b)                                                (146             )                     16                                                                                   (130               )                                 (.20                )
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                        38                                                     (17       )                                                          21                                       .03
gain on sale of epix                                                      (285             )                     96                                                                                   (189               )                                 (.29                )
pension settlement charge                                                  352                                                    (115       )                                                         237                                       .37
impairment of investments (c)                                               18                                                      (7       )                                                          11                                       .02
discrete tax items (d)                                                       -                                                    (321       )                                                        (321               )                                 (.50                )
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                     $4,499                                                 $(1,297       )                                                      $3,154                                                 $4.87
(a) reflects programming charges associated with the execution of a strategy for certain of our flagship brands, as well as strategic initiatives at paramount.
(b) reflects a gain of $127 million, with $11 million attributable to the noncontrolling interest, on the sale of broadcast spectrum in connection with the fcc's broadcast spectrum auction and a net gain of $19 million relating to the disposition of property and equipment.
(c) reflects the write-down of certain investments to their fair value.
(d) primarily reflects a tax benefit of $279 million reflecting the recognition of foreign tax credits on the distribution of securities to the united states ("u.s").
ii-8
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
consolidated results of operations-2019 vs. 2018
revenues revenues by type                                 % of total                              % of total                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2019            revenues                2018            revenues                           $           %
advertising                 $11,074            40    %              $10,841            40    %                 $233                 2     %
affiliate                     8,602            31                     8,376            31                       226                 3
content licensing             6,483            23                     6,163            22                       320                 5
theatrical                      547             2                       744             3                      (197     )         (26     )
publishing                      814             3                       825             3                       (11     )          (1     )
other                           292             1                       301             1                        (9     )          (3     )
total revenues              $27,812           100    %              $27,250           100    %                 $562                 2     %
advertising advertising revenues are generated primarily from the sale of advertising spots on the cbs television network, our basic cable networks and our television stations, as well as on our ad-supported streaming services, including cbs all access and pluto tv, and on our websites. our advertising revenues include integrated marketing services, which provide unique branded content and custom sponsorship opportunities to our advertisers, as well as advanced marketing solutions ("ams"), including addressable video and brand solutions. for 2019, the 2% increase in advertising revenues was driven by 5% growth in domestic advertising revenues, reflecting cbs' broadcast of tent-pole sporting events in 2019, mainly super bowl liii and the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa division i men's basketball tournament ("ncaa tournament"), as well as higher revenues from ams, which includes pluto tv. these increases were partially offset by lower political advertising sales at our owned television stations, as a result of the benefit to last year from the 2018 midterm elections. international advertising revenues decreased 14%, reflecting the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes, as well as softness in the australian and uk markets, partially offset by increases in pricing and political advertising in argentina. foreign exchange rate changes had an unfavorable impact of 1-percentage point on the total advertising revenues comparison and 9-percentage points on the international advertising revenues comparison.
the super bowl is broadcast on the cbs television network on a rotating basis with other networks through the 2022 season under the current contract with the national football league ("nfl"), and the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament are broadcast on the cbs television network every other year through 2032 under the current agreement with the ncaa and turner broadcasting system, inc. ("turner"). in 2020, the advertising revenue comparison will be negatively affected by the benefit in 2019 from cbs' broadcasts of the super bowl and the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa tournament. these events will not be broadcast by cbs in 2020. advertising revenues in 2020 will benefit from higher political advertising sales, mainly in the second half of the year, associated with the u.s. presidential election.
affiliate affiliate revenues are principally comprised of fees received from multichannel video programming distributors ("mvpds") and virtual mvpds for carriage of our cable networks ("cable affiliate fees"), fees received from television stations affiliated with the cbs television network ("station affiliation fees"); fees for authorizing the mvpds' and virtual mvpds' carriage of our owned television stations ("retransmission fees"); and subscription fees for our streaming services. for 2019, the 3% increase in affiliate revenues reflects 20% growth in station affiliation fees and retransmission fees, driven by annual contractual increases and contract renewals with mvpds and virtual mvpds, as well as 45% growth from our streaming services, including cbs all access and showtime ott, driven by subscriber growth. these increases were partially offset by 5% lower cable affiliate fees, mainly resulting from subscriber declines. domestic affiliate revenues increased 4%, while international affiliate revenues decreased 6% from the prior ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes. foreign exchange rate changes had an unfavorable impact of 1-percentage point on the total affiliate revenues comparison and 6-percentage points on the international affiliate revenues comparison.
content licensing content licensing revenues are principally comprised of fees from the licensing of exhibition rights for our internally-produced television and film programming to television stations, cable networks, and subscription video-on-demand ("svod") and free video-on-demand services; home entertainment revenues, which are derived from the sale and distribution of our content through dvds and blu-ray discs to wholesale and retail partners, as well as from the viewing of our content on a transactional basis through transactional video-on-demand ("tvod") and electronic sell-through services; fees from the use of our trademarks and brands for consumer products, recreation and live events; and fees from the distribution of third-party programming. for 2019, content licensing revenues increased 5%, primarily reflecting higher revenues from the domestic licensing of our content, driven by the production of programming for third parties and the licensing of programming to svod providers. these increases were partially offset by a decline in international licensing revenues.
revenues from the licensing of exhibition rights are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition, and therefore, content licensing revenue comparisons are impacted by fluctuations resulting from the timing of the availability of our programming for multiyear licensing agreements.
theatrical theatrical revenues are principally comprised of the worldwide theatrical distribution of films through audience ticket sales. for 2019, theatrical revenues decreased 26%, principally reflecting a difficult comparison against the prior year, as a result of the 2018 releases of mission: impossible - fallout and a quiet place. theatrical revenues in 2019 benefited from the releases of rocketman, gemini man and dora and the lost city of gold, as well as the continued success of the 2018 release, bumblebee. domestic theatrical revenues decreased 31% and international theatrical revenues decreased 23%.
theatrical revenues may be affected by many factors, including domestic and international audience response, the number, timing and mix of releases and competitive offerings in any given period, consumer tastes and consumption habits and overall economic conditions, including discretionary spending. revenues from theatrical film releases tend to be cyclical with increases during the summer.
publishing publishing revenues are principally comprised of the domestic and international publishing and distribution of consumer books in printed, digital and audio formats. for 2019, publishing revenues decreased 1%, driven by lower print book sales, which were partially offset by higher sales from digital audio books.
other other revenues are principally comprised of revenues from the rental of production facilities and digital revenues from search and e-commerce partners. for 2019, other revenues decreased 3%, mainly reflecting lower revenues from the rental of our production facilities as a result of the sale of cbs television city in january 2019.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
operating expenses
% of                                    % of operating expenses by type                                        operating                               operating                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                            2019            expenses                2018            expenses                           $           %
production                                   $6,797            39    %               $6,483            41    %                 $314                 5     %
programming                                   4,287            25                     3,965            25                       322                 8
participation, distribution and royalty       3,369                                   3,295                                      74                 2
programming charges                             589             3                       162             1                       427               n/m other                                         2,181            13                     2,012            12                       169                 8
total operating expenses                    $17,223           100    %              $15,917           100    %               $1,306                 8     %
n/m - not meaningful production production expenses reflect the amortization of direct costs of internally-produced television and theatrical film content as well as other television production costs, including on-air talent. for 2019, the 5% increase in production expenses reflected an increased investment in content, including a higher number of series produced for distribution on multiple platforms, including our streaming services and cable networks, as well as higher amortization of television production costs associated with the increase in content licensing revenues. these increases were partially offset by lower amortization of feature film costs, driven by costs in 2018 associated with mission: impossible - fallout.
programming programming expenses reflect the amortization of acquired programs exhibited on our television broadcast networks, cable networks and television stations. for 2019, the 8% increase in programming expenses was driven by higher sports programming costs, mainly from cbs' broadcasts of super bowl liii and the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa tournament in 2019, which were not broadcast by cbs in 2018, and programming for pluto tv, which we acquired in march 2019. these increases were partially offset by lower amortization of acquired programming for our cable networks.
participation, distribution and royalty participation, distribution and royalty costs primarily include participation and residual expenses for television and film programming, royalty costs for publishing content and other distribution expenses incurred with respect to film and television content, such as print and advertising. for 2019, the 2% increase in participation, distribution and royalty costs was driven by higher participation costs associated with the increase in content licensing revenues.
programming charges during 2019, in connection with the merger, we implemented management changes across the organization. in connection with these changes, we performed an evaluation of our programming portfolio across all of our businesses, including an assessment of the optimal use of our programming in the marketplace, which resulted in the identification of programs not aligned with management's strategy. as a result, we recorded programming charges of $589 million principally reflecting accelerated amortization associated with changes in the expected monetization of certain programs, and decisions to cease airing, alter future airing patterns or not renew certain programs.
in addition, during 2018, in connection with management changes, we recorded programming charges of $162 million relating to changes to our programming strategy, including at cbs films, which shifted its focus from theatrical films to developing content for our streaming services, as well as at our cable networks segment where we ceased the use of certain programming.
ii-11
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
other other operating expenses primarily include compensation and costs associated with book sales, including printing and warehousing. for 2019, the 8% increase in other operating expenses mainly reflected higher costs associated with growth and expansion of our streaming services.
selling, general and administrative expenses increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                 2019   2018                $                       %
selling, general and administrative expenses      $5,647              $5,206       $441              8           %
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses include expenses incurred for selling and marketing costs, occupancy, professional service fees and back office support, including employee compensation. the 8% increase in sg&a expenses was driven by higher advertising and marketing costs, reflecting an increase in the number of series premieres and costs associated with our streaming services, as well as the inclusion of pluto tv and pop tv since their acquisitions in the first quarter of 2019. these increases were partially offset by cost savings associated with restructuring activities and compensation cost savings resulting from changes in senior management at cbs in 2018.
depreciation and amortization increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2019   2018              $                       %
depreciation and amortization      $443              $433       $10               2           %
depreciation and amortization expense reflects depreciation of fixed assets, including amortization of transponders and equipment under finance leases, and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. for 2019, depreciation and amortization expense also includes an impairment charge of $20 million to reduce the carrying value of broadcast licenses in australia to their fair value.
restructuring and other corporate matters during 2019 and 2018, we recorded costs for restructuring and other corporate matters as follows:
year ended december 31,                            2019              2018
severance                                      $401              $235
exit costs and other                             23                75
restructuring charges                           424               310
restructuring-related costs                       -                52
merger-related costs                            294                 -
other corporate matters                          57               128
restructuring and other corporate matters      $775              $490
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded restructuring charges of $424 million, primarily for severance and the acceleration of stock-based compensation in connection with the merger, as well as costs related to a restructuring plan initiated in the first quarter of 2019 under which severance payments are being provided to certain eligible employees who voluntarily elected to participate. in addition, in 2019 we incurred costs of $294 million in connection with the merger, consisting of financial advisory, legal and other professional fees, transaction-related bonuses, and contractual executive compensation, including the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation, that was triggered by the merger. we also incurred costs of $40 million in connection with the settlement of a commercial dispute and $17 million associated with legal proceedings involving the company (see note 19) and other corporate matters.
ii-12
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded restructuring charges of $310 million resulting from cost transformation initiatives to improve margins, as well as restructuring-related costs of $52 million, comprised of third-party professional services associated with such initiatives. in addition, in 2018 we recorded expenses of $128 million primarily for professional fees related to legal proceedings, investigations at our company and the evaluation of potential merger activity.
gain on sale of assets in 2019, we completed the sale of cbs television city for $750 million. we have guaranteed a specified level of cash flows to be generated by the business during the first five years following the completion of the sale. included on the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2019 is a liability of $124 million, reflecting the present value of the estimated amount payable under the guarantee obligation. this transaction resulted in a gain of $549 million for 2019, which includes a reduction for the guarantee obligation. we also recognized a tax benefit of $140 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 for the reversal of a valuation allowance relating to capital loss carryforwards that were utilized in connection with this sale.
interest expense and interest income increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,          2019   2018                $                       %
interest expense            $(962   )         $(1,030   )   $(68        )           (7    )%
interest income               $66                 $79       $(13        )           (16   )%
the following table presents our outstanding debt balances, excluding finance leases, and the weighted average interest rate as of december 31, 2019 and 2018:
weighted average                                weighted average at december 31,                 2019   interest rate               2018                interest rate total long-term debt     $17,976       4.70          %                   $18,370       4.64          %
commercial paper            $699       2.07          %                      $674       3.02          %
gain (loss) on marketable securities for 2019 and 2018, we recorded a gain of $113 million and a loss of $23 million, respectively, reflecting changes in the fair value of marketable securities.
gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt for 2018, we recorded a gain on early extinguishment of debt of $18 million associated with the redemption of senior notes and debentures prior to maturity totaling $1.13 billion.
other items, net the following table presents the components of other items, net.
year ended december 31,                           2019              2018
pension and postretirement benefit costs     $(105   )          $(68   )
foreign exchange losses                        (17   )           (18   )
impairment of investments                      (50   )           (46   )
gains from investments                          22                16
other                                            5                (8   )
other items, net                             $(145   )         $(124   )
ii-13
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
benefit (provision) for income taxes the benefit (provision) for income taxes represents federal, state and local, and foreign taxes on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in loss of investee companies. for 2019, we recorded a benefit for income taxes of $9 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of (0.3)%, which included discrete items such as a deferred tax benefit of $768 million resulting from the transfer of intangible assets between our subsidiaries in connection with a reorganization of our international operations; tax benefits of $44 million realized in connection with the preparation of the 2018 federal tax return, based on further clarity provided by the united states government on tax positions relating to the tax reform act; and a tax benefit of $39 million triggered by the bankruptcy of an investee. for 2018, the provision for income taxes was $617 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 15.0%. the provision for income taxes for 2018 included discrete items such as the reversal of a valuation allowance of $140 million relating to capital loss carryforwards that were utilized in connection with the sale of cbs television city in 2019; a tax benefit of $80 million relating to the tax reform act and other tax law changes; and a net tax benefit of $71 million relating to a tax accounting method change granted by the internal revenue service.
equity in earnings (loss) of investee companies, net of tax the following table presents equity in loss of investee companies for our equity-method investments.
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                            2019                     2018      $                               %
equity in loss of investee companies               $(72      )       $(62      )      $(10        )           (16   )%
tax benefit                                        19                     15       4                    27
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax   $(53      )       $(47      )      $(6         )           (13   )%
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                      2019   2018                $                       %
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs      $3,270              $3,423       $(153       )           (4    )%
diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs        $5.30               $5.51       $(.21       )           (4    )%
for 2019, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations each decreased 4%, primarily driven by the lower operating income, mainly reflecting our increased investment in content. the lower operating income was partially offset by the aforementioned discrete tax benefits.
net earnings attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps attributable to viacomcbs increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                           2019   2018                $                       %
net earnings attributable to viacomcbs      $3,308              $3,455       $(147       )           (4    )%
diluted eps attributable to viacomcbs        $5.36               $5.56       $(.20       )           (4    )%
consolidated results of operations- 2018 vs. 2017
revenues revenues by type                                 % of total                              % of total                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2018            revenues                2017            revenues                           $           %
advertising                 $10,841            40    %              $10,582            40    %                 $259                 2     %
affiliate                     8,376            31                     8,153            31                       223                 3
content licensing             6,163            22                     5,947            22                       216                 4
theatrical                      744             3                       716             3                        28                 4
publishing                      825             3                       830             3                        (5     )          (1     )
other                           301             1                       307             1                        (6     )          (2     )
total revenues              $27,250           100    %              $26,535           100    %                 $715                 3     %
advertising for 2018, the 2% increase in advertising revenues was driven by our acquisition of network 10 in the fourth quarter of 2017; record political advertising sales in 2018 associated with the u.s. midterm elections; higher pricing at our broadcast and cable networks; and growth in revenues from ams. advertising revenues for 2018 also benefited from the adoption of a new revenue recognition standard in the first quarter of 2018, under which revenues for certain distribution arrangements are recognized based on the gross amount of consideration received from the customer, with an offsetting increase to operating expenses. under previous accounting guidance, such revenues were recognized at the net amount retained by us after the payment of fees to the third party. this guidance was applied prospectively from the date of adoption, and therefore, amounts for 2017 are reported under previous accounting guidance. these increases were partially offset by lower linear impressions at our cable networks and the absence of the broadcasts of five thursday night football games and the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa tournament, which were broadcast on the cbs television network in 2017. the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa tournament are broadcast by the cbs television network every other year through 2032 under the current agreements with the ncaa and turner. foreign exchange rate changes had an unfavorable impact of 1-percentage point on the advertising revenues comparison.
affiliate for 2018, the 3% increase in affiliate revenues reflects 22% growth in station affiliation and retransmission fees and 65% growth from subscription fees for our streaming services, cbs all access and showtime ott. these increases were partially offset by the unfavorable comparison against showtime networks' distribution in 2017 of the floyd mayweather/conor mcgregor pay-per-view boxing event. cable affiliate fees were relatively flat for 2018 compared with 2017, as contractual rate increases under carriage agreements for our cable networks and the benefit of new channel launches and acquisitions were offset by subscriber declines.
content licensing for 2018, the 4% increase in content licensing revenues reflects higher revenues from the distribution of third-party content, resulting from revenues under certain distribution arrangements now being recognized at the gross amount of consideration received from the customer, with an offsetting increase to participation expense, as a result of the adoption of a new revenue recognition standard in the first quarter of 2018. under previous guidance, such ii-14
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
distribution revenues were recognized at the net amount retained by us after the payment of fees to the third party. the increase also reflected growth from domestic and international license fees, including the 2018 availability of tom clancy's jack ryan, the haunting of hill house, maniac, the alienist and the cloverfield paradox, compared with 2017, which included the licensing of ncis: new orleans, madam secretary and titles from the csi franchise. these increases were partially offset by lower home entertainment revenues, primarily reflecting the number and mix of titles in release.
theatrical for 2018, theatrical revenues increased 4%, principally reflecting the strong performance of the theatrical release of mission: impossible - fallout in 2018.
publishing publishing revenues for 2018 decreased 1% driven by lower sales of print and electronic books, which were partially offset by higher sales of digital audio books.
operating expenses
% of total                              % of total operating expenses by type                                        operating                               operating                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                            2018             expense                2017             expense                           $           %
production                                   $6,483            41    %               $5,994            39    %                 $489                 8     %
programming                                   3,965            25                     4,268            28                      (303     )          (7     )
participation, distribution and royalty       3,295            21                     3,182            20                       113                 4
programming charges                             162             1                       144             1                        18                13
other                                         2,012            12                     1,895            12                       117                 6
total operating expenses                    $15,917           100    %              $15,483           100    %                 $434                 3     %
production for 2018, the 8% increase in production expenses reflected an increased investment in content, including a higher number of series produced for distribution on multiple platforms, including our owned networks and streaming services, and the acquisition of network 10 in the fourth quarter of 2017.
programming for 2018, the 7% decrease in programming expenses was driven by lower sports programming costs, resulting from showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/conor mcgregor pay-per-view boxing event in 2017 and the absence of thursday night football and the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa tournament, which were broadcast on the cbs television network in 2017. these decreases were partially offset by costs for programming on network 10, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2017, and an increased investment in programming for our cable networks.
participation, distribution and royalty for 2018, the 4% increase in participation, distribution and royalty costs was primarily driven by the adoption of new revenue recognition guidance in the first quarter of 2018, which resulted in revenues under certain distribution arrangements being recognized based on the gross amount of consideration received from the customer, with an offsetting participation expense recognized for the fees paid to the third party. under previous accounting guidance, such revenues were recognized at the net amount retained by us after the payment of fees to the third party. this ii-15
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
change resulted in an increase to both revenues and participation expenses of $279 million for 2018, with no impact to our operating income. the increase also reflects higher participation costs associated with the increase in content licensing revenues. these increases were partially offset by lower film distribution costs, driven by the number and mix of theatrical releases and a charge in 2017 resulting from the termination of a slate financing agreement.
programming charges during 2018, in connection with management changes, we recorded programming charges of $162 million relating to changes to our programming strategy, including at cbs films, which shifted its focus from theatrical films to developing content for our streaming services, as well as at our cable networks segment where we ceased the use of certain programming.
in addition, during 2017, we recorded programming charges of $144 million associated with management's decision to cease use of certain original and acquired programming, in connection with the execution of a strategy for certain of our flagship brands and strategic initiatives at paramount.
other for 2018, the 6% increase in other operating expenses mainly reflected higher costs associated with growth in our streaming services and expenses of network 10, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2017.
selling, general and administrative expenses increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                 2018   2017                $                       %
selling, general and administrative expenses      $5,206              $5,156       $50               1           %
for 2018, the 1% increase in sg&a expenses reflected higher advertising and marketing costs, mainly for the launch of the paramount network and to support our growth initiatives. these increases were partially offset by savings from cost transformation initiatives.
depreciation and amortization increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2018   2017              $                       %
depreciation and amortization      $433              $443       $(10        )           (2    )%
restructuring and other corporate matters during 2018 and 2017, we recorded costs for restructuring and other corporate matters as follows:
year ended december 31,                            2018              2017
severance                                      $235              $224
exit costs and other                             75                12
asset impairment                                  -                22
restructuring charges                           310               258
restructuring-related costs                      52                 -
other corporate matters                         128                 -
restructuring and other corporate matters      $490              $258
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded restructuring charges of $310 million resulting from cost transformation initiatives to improve margins, as well as restructuring-related costs of $52 million, comprised of third-
ii-16
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
party professional services associated with such initiatives. in addition, in 2018 we recorded expenses of $128 million primarily for professional fees related to legal proceedings, investigations at our company and the evaluation of potential merger activity.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded restructuring charges of $258 million, resulting from the execution of a strategy for certain of our flagship brands and strategic initiatives at paramount, as well as costs relating to other restructuring plans across several of our businesses in a continued effort to reduce our cost structure. the restructuring charges for 2017 included a non-cash impairment charge resulting from the decision to abandon an international trade name in connection with the strategic initiatives.
gain on sale of assets in 2017, we completed the sale of broadcast spectrum in connection with the fcc's broadcast spectrum auction. the sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of $127 million on the consolidated statement of operations, with $11 million attributable to the noncontrolling interest. in addition, in 2017 we recorded a net gain of $19 million relating to the disposition of property and equipment.
interest expense and interest income increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2018   2017                $                       %
interest expense            $(1,030   )         $(1,088   )   $(58        )           (5    )%
interest income                 $79                 $87       $(8         )           (9    )%
the following table presents our outstanding debt balances, excluding finance leases, and the weighted average interest rate as of december 31, 2018 and 2017:
weighted average                                weighted average at december 31,                 2018   interest rate               2017                interest rate total long-term debt     $18,370       4.64          %                   $19,466       4.67          %
commercial paper            $674       3.02          %                      $779       1.91          %
gain (loss) on marketable securities during 2018, we recorded a loss on marketable securities of $23 million. in connection with the adoption of fasb guidance on financial instruments, beginning in the first quarter of 2018, changes in the fair value of marketable securities are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.
gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt for 2018, the gain on early extinguishment of debt of $18 million reflected the pre-tax gain associated with the redemption of senior notes and debentures prior to maturity totaling $1.13 billion. during 2017, we redeemed, prior to maturity, senior notes totaling $4.27 billion, resulting in the recognition of a pre-tax loss on the early extinguishment of debt of $38 million.
gain on sale of epix during 2017, we completed the sale of our 49.76% interest in epix, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $285 million.
ii-17
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
pension settlement charge during 2017, we purchased a group annuity contract under which an insurance company permanently assumed our obligation to pay and administer pension benefits to certain pension plan participants, or their designated beneficiaries, who had been receiving pension benefits. the purchase of this group annuity contract was funded with pension plan assets. as a result, our outstanding pension benefit obligation was reduced by approximately $800 million. in connection with this transaction, we recorded a settlement charge of $352 million in 2017, reflecting the accelerated recognition of a portion of unamortized actuarial losses in the plan. additionally, during 2017, we made discretionary contributions totaling $600 million to prefund our qualified pension plans.
other items, net the following table presents the components of other items, net.
year ended december 31,                           2018              2017
pension and postretirement benefit costs      $(68   )          $(96   )
foreign exchange losses                        (18   )           (20   )
impairment of investments                      (46   )           (18   )
gain on sale of investment                      16                 -
other                                           (8   )            19
other items, net                             $(124   )         $(115   )
benefit (provision) for income taxes for 2018, the provision for income taxes was $617 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 15.0%. the provision for income taxes for 2018 included discrete items such as the reversal of a valuation allowance of $140 million relating to capital loss carryforwards that were utilized in connection with the sale of cbs television city in 2019; a tax benefit of $80 million relating to the tax reform act and other tax law changes; and a tax benefit of $71 million relating to a tax accounting method change granted by the internal revenue service. for 2017, the provision for income taxes was $804 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 19.5%. the provision for income taxes for 2017 included discrete items such as a tax benefit of $279 million reflecting the recognition of foreign tax credits on the distribution of securities to the u.s.
equity in earnings (loss) of investee companies, net of tax the following table presents equity in earnings (loss) of investee companies for our equity-method investments.
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                       2018          2017               $                       %
equity in earnings (loss) of investee companies               $(62      )           $          $(76        )           n/m tax benefit (provision)                                                           (10   )   25                         n/m equity in earnings (loss) of investee companies, net of tax   $(47      )          $4          $(51        )           n/m n/m - not meaningful ii-18
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                      2018   2017                $                       %
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs      $3,423              $3,268       $155              5           %
diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs        $5.51               $5.05       $.46              9           %
for 2018, the 5% increase in net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs was driven by the lower effective income tax rate in 2018, partially offset by lower operating income. diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs grew 9%, reflecting the higher earnings and lower weighted average shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases and the shares retired as a result of the split-off of cbs radio inc. ("cbs radio) during the fourth quarter of 2017.
net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax on november 16, 2017, we completed the split-off of cbs radio through an exchange offer, in which we accepted 17.9 million shares of cbs class b common stock from our stockholders in exchange for the 101.4 million shares of cbs radio common stock that we owned. immediately following the exchange offer, each share of cbs radio common stock was converted into one share of entercom communications corp. ("entercom") class a common stock upon completion of the merger of cbs radio and entercom. cbs radio has been presented as a discontinued operation in the consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.
ii-19
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the following table sets forth details of net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2017. net earnings from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 was not material to our consolidated financial statements.
year ended december 31, 2017                                              cbs radio                other               total revenues                                                          $1,018                    $-                    $1,018
costs and expenses:
operating                                                            364                     -                       364
selling, general and administrative                                  444                    (8   )                   436
market value adjustment                                              980        (a)          -                       980
restructuring charges                                                  7                     -
total costs and expenses                                           1,795                    (8   )                 1,787
operating income (loss)                                             (777    )                                       (769   )
interest expense                                                     (70    )                -                       (70   )
other items, net                                                      (2    )                -                        (2   )
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                        (849    )                8                      (841   )
income tax benefit (provision)                                       (55    )               43       (b)             (12   )
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax            (904    )               51                      (853   )
net gain (loss) on disposal                                         (109    )               13                       (96   )
income tax benefit (provision)                                         4                    (2   )                     2
net gain (loss) on disposal, net of tax                             (105    )               11       (c)             (94   )
net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax     $(1,009    )              $62                     $(947   )
(a) during 2017, prior to the split-off, cbs radio was measured each reporting period at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. the value of the transaction with entercom was determined based on entercom's stock price at the closing of the transaction and therefore, we recorded a market value adjustment of $980 million in 2017 to adjust the carrying value of cbs radio to the value indicated by the stock valuation of entercom.
(b) primarily reflects a tax benefit from the resolution of a tax matter in a foreign jurisdiction relating to a previously disposed business that was accounted for as a discontinued operation.
(c) reflects adjustments to the loss on disposal of our outdoor advertising businesses, primarily from a decrease to the guarantee liability associated with the 2013 disposal of our outdoor advertising business in europe.
net earnings attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps attributable to viacomcbs increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                           2018   2017                $                       %
net earnings attributable to viacomcbs      $3,455              $2,321       $1,134            49          %
diluted eps attributable to viacomcbs        $5.56               $3.59       $1.97             55          %
ii-20
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
segments we operate in the following four segments:
tv entertainment:  our tv entertainment segment creates and acquires programming for distribution and viewing on multiple media platforms, including our broadcast network, through multichannel video programming distributors ("mvpds") and virtual mvpds, and our streaming services, as well as for licensing to third parties both domestically and internationally. tv entertainment consists of the cbs television network, cbs television studios, cbs television distribution, cbs interactive, cbs sports network, cbs television stations and cbs-branded streaming services cbs all access and cbsn, among others.  tv entertainment's revenues are generated primarily from advertising sales, the licensing and distribution of its content, and affiliate revenues.
cable networks:  our cable networks segment creates and acquires programming for distribution and viewing on multiple media platforms, including our cable networks, through mvpds and virtual mvpds, and our streaming services, as well as for licensing to third parties both domestically and internationally. cable networks consists of our premium subscription cable networks showtime, the movie channel and flix, and a subscription streaming offering of showtime; our basic cable networks nickelodeon, mtv, bet, comedy central, paramount network, nick jr., vh1, tv land, cmt, pop tv and smithsonian channel, among others, as well as the international extensions of these brands operated by viacomcbs networks international; international broadcast networks, network 10, channel 5 and telefe; and pluto tv, a leading free streaming tv platform in the united states. cable networks' revenues are generated primarily from affiliate revenues, advertising sales and the licensing of its content and brands.
filmed entertainment:  our filmed entertainment segment develops, produces, finances, acquires and distributes films, television programming and other entertainment content in various markets and media worldwide primarily through paramount pictures, paramount players, paramount animation and paramount television studios. filmed entertainment's revenues are generated primarily from the release and/or distribution of films theatrically, the release and/or distribution of film and television product through home entertainment, the licensing of film and television product to television and digital platforms and other ancillary activities.
publishing:  our publishing segment publishes and distributes simon & schuster consumer books domestically and internationally and includes imprints such as simon & schuster, scribner, atria books and gallery books. publishing generates revenues from the publishing and distribution of consumer books in print, digital and audio formats.
we present operating income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, costs for restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges and gain on sale of assets, each where applicable ("adjusted oibda"), as the primary measure of profit and loss for our operating segments in accordance with fasb guidance for segment reporting. we began presenting adjusted oibda as our segment profit measure in the fourth quarter of 2019 in order to align with the primary method used by our management beginning after the merger to evaluate segment performance and to make decisions regarding the allocation of resources to our segments. we believe the presentation of adjusted oibda is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view segment performance in a manner similar to the primary method used by our management and enhances their ability to understand our operating performance. stock-based compensation is excluded from our segment measure of profit and loss because it is set and approved by our board of directors in consultation with corporate executive management. stock-based compensation is included as a component of our consolidated adjusted oibda. the reconciliation of adjusted oibda to our consolidated net earnings is presented in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
ii-21
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
segment results of operations - 2019 vs. 2018
% of total                              % of total                    increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2019            revenues                2018            revenues                          $           %
revenues:
tv entertainment            $11,924            43    %              $11,061            41    %                $863                 8     %
cable networks               12,449                                  12,683                                   (234     )          (2     )
filmed entertainment          2,990                                   2,956                           34                           1
publishing                      814             3                       825             3                      (11     )          (1     )
corporate/eliminations         (365   )        (1    )                 (275   )        (1    )                 (90     )         (33     )
total revenues              $27,812           100    %              $27,250           100    %                $562                 2     %
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                              2019                2018                           $           %
adjusted oibda:
tv entertainment                               $2,443              $2,466                $(23     )          (1   )%
cable networks                                  3,515               4,341                (826     )         (19   )
filmed entertainment                               80                 (33   )             113               n/m publishing                                        143                 153                 (10     )          (7   )
corporate/eliminations                           (449   )            (433   )             (16     )          (4   )
stock-based compensation                         (201   )            (205   )               4         2
total adjusted oibda                            5,531               6,289                (758     )         (12   )
depreciation and amortization                    (443   )            (433   )             (10     )          (2   )
restructuring and other corporate matters        (775   )            (490   )            (285     )         n/m programming charges                              (589   )            (162   )            (427     )         n/m gain on sale of assets                            549                   -                 549               n/m total operating income                         $4,273              $5,204               $(931     )         (18   )%
n/m - not meaningful increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                      2019              2018                          $           %
depreciation and amortization:
tv entertainment                         $150              $160               $(10     )          (6    )%
cable networks                            219               194       25                   13
filmed entertainment                                                            (1     )          (3     )
publishing                                                                      (1     )         (17     )
corporate                                  32                35                 (3     )          (9     )
total depreciation and amortization      $443              $433                $10         2             %
tv entertainment (cbs television network, cbs television studios, cbs television distribution, cbs interactive, cbs sports network, cbs television stations and cbs-branded streaming services cbs all access and cbsn, among others)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2019                2018                           $           %
advertising                  $6,008              $5,751                $257                 4   %
affiliate                     2,550               2,082                 468                22
content licensing             3,157               3,006                 151                 5
other                           209                 222                 (13     )          (6   )
revenues                    $11,924             $11,061                $863                 8   %
adjusted oibda               $2,443              $2,466                $(23     )          (1   )%
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
revenues for 2019, the 8% increase in tv entertainment revenues reflects growth across each of the segment's main revenue streams.
advertising the 4% increase in advertising revenues was driven by 11% growth in cbs network advertising, principally reflecting cbs' broadcasts of super bowl liii and the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa tournament, partially offset by the timing of other sporting events. taken together these items contributed 9-percentage points of the growth in network advertising. advertising sales at our owned television stations decreased 11%, primarily reflecting record political advertising in 2018 from the midterm elections, partially offset by the benefit from cbs' broadcast of super bowl liii. the super bowl is broadcast on the cbs television network on a rotating basis with other networks through the 2022 season under the current contract with the nfl and the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament are broadcast on the cbs television network every other year through 2032 under the current agreement with the ncaa and turner.
affiliate affiliate revenues grew 22%, primarily as a result of a 20% increase in station affiliation fees and retransmission revenues as well as subscriber growth at cbs all access.
content licensing content licensing increased 5%, driven by higher revenues from the production of programming for third parties, including unbelievable and dead to me, and higher revenues from the licensing of library programming to svod providers.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 1% as a result of an increased investment in content and higher costs associated with the growth and expansion of our streaming services, partially offset by higher revenues.
comparability in 2020 will be negatively affected by the benefit in 2019 from cbs' broadcasts of super bowl liii and the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa tournament. results in 2020 will benefit from higher political advertising revenues, mainly in the second half of the year, associated with the u.s. presidential election.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
cable networks (showtime networks, nickelodeon, mtv, bet, comedy central, paramount network, nick jr., vh1, tv land, cmt, pop tv, smithsonian networks, viacomcbs networks international, network 10, channel 5, telefe and pluto tv)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2019   2018                   $                       %
advertising                  $5,129              $5,130          $(1         )           -     %
affiliate                     6,052               6,294          (242        )           (4    )
content licensing             1,268               1,259       9
revenues                    $12,449             $12,683          $(234       )           (2    )%
adjusted oibda               $3,515              $4,341          $(826       )           (19   )%
revenues for 2019, cable networks revenues decreased 2% from the prior year, reflecting an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rate changes of -percentage points. domestic revenues remained substantially flat compared with the prior year as higher advertising revenues were offset by a decline in affiliate revenues. international revenues decreased 9% mainly as a result of a 7-percentage point unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes.
advertising advertising revenues remained flat compared with the prior year and included an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes of 3-percentage points. domestic advertising revenues increased 6%, reflecting higher revenues from ams, which comprised approximately 19% of domestic advertising revenues in 2019, and includes pluto tv, which was acquired in march 2019. the domestic advertising growth also reflects higher pricing and the inclusion of the results of pop tv. we began consolidating pop tv in march 2019 when we acquired the 50% stake we did not own, which brought our ownership to 100%. these increases were partially offset by lower linear impressions. international advertising revenues decreased 13%, mainly reflecting the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes of 9-percentage points, as well as softness in the australian and uk markets, partially offset by increases in pricing and political advertising in argentina.
affiliate affiliate revenues decreased 4%, which included a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rate changes. domestic affiliate revenues decreased 4%, primarily driven by declines in traditional mvpd subscribers at our basic and premium cable networks. these declines were partially offset by growth from showtime ott, the inclusion of the results of pop tv, and contractual rate increases under carriage agreements. international affiliate revenues decreased 6%, reflecting a 6-percentage point unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes. as of december 31, 2019, showtime subscriptions, including showtime ott, totaled approximately 27 million.
content licensing the 1% increase in content licensing revenues, which includes the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes of 1-percentage point, was the result of increased revenues from the production of programming for third parties, including the real world and bellator mixed martial arts events. these increases were partially offset by lower secondary market revenue, driven by the renewal of a significant domestic licensing agreement for the showtime original series, dexter, in 2018.
ii-24
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 19%, driven by lower revenues as well as increased investment in content and higher advertising and promotion expenses.
filmed entertainment (paramount pictures, paramount players, paramount animation and paramount television studios)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2019                2018                           $           %
theatrical                     $547                $744               $(197     )         (26   )%
home entertainment              623                 617                   6                 1
licensing                     1,709               1,493                 216                14
other                           111                 102                   9                 9
revenues                     $2,990              $2,956                 $34                 1   %
adjusted oibda                  $80                $(33   )            $113               n/m n/m - not meaningful revenues for 2019, the 1% increase in filmed entertainment revenues reflects growth in licensing revenues, partially offset by lower theatrical revenues. foreign exchange rate changes had a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on the revenue comparison.
theatrical the 26% decrease in theatrical revenues principally reflects a difficult comparison to the prior year, as a result of the 2018 releases of mission: impossible - fallout and a quiet place. theatrical revenues in 2019 benefited from the releases of rocketman, gemini man and dora and the lost city of gold, as well as the continued success of the 2018 release, bumblebee. foreign exchange rate changes had a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on theatrical revenues.
home entertainment the 1% increase in home entertainment revenues was driven by the number and mix of titles in release. significant 2019 releases included bumblebee, rocketman, instant family, and pet sematary, while 2018 benefited from the releases of mission: impossible - fallout, daddy's home 2 and a quiet place. changes in foreign exchange rates resulted in a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on the revenue comparison.
licensing the 14% growth in licensing revenues was driven by increases in licensing of film catalog titles to svod providers and recent releases to pay television services. foreign exchange rate changes had a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on licensing revenues.
other the 9% increase in other revenues was driven by higher studio rental revenues.
ii-25
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda for 2019 increased to $80 million from a loss of $33 million for 2018, principally driven by higher profits from licensing of film library titles. this increase was partially offset by costs associated with future film releases and higher incentive compensation costs. fluctuations in results for the filmed entertainment segment may occur as a result of the timing of the recognition of print and advertising expenses, which are generally incurred before and throughout the theatrical release of a film, while the revenues for the respective film are recognized as earned through the film's theatrical exhibition and subsequent distribution windows.
publishing (simon & schuster)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,          2019   2018              $                       %
revenues                     $814              $825       $(11        )           (1    )%
adjusted oibda               $143              $153       $(10        )           (7    )%
revenues for 2019, the 1% decrease in revenues primarily reflects lower print book sales, partially offset by 15% growth in digital audio sales. bestselling titles for 2019 included howard stern comes again by howard stern, the institute by stephen king and the pioneers by david mccullough.
adjusted oibda the 7% decrease in adjusted oibda primarily reflects lower revenues and higher costs from the mix of titles.
segment results of operations - 2018 vs. 2017
% of total                              % of total                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2018            revenues                2017            revenues                           $           %
revenues:
tv entertainment            $11,061            41    %              $10,476            39    %                 $585                 6     %
cable networks               12,683                                  12,479                                     204                 2
filmed entertainment          2,956                                   3,075                                    (119     )          (4     )
publishing                      825             3                       830             3                        (5     )          (1     )
corporate/eliminations         (275   )        (1    )                 (325   )        (1    )                   50                15
total revenues              $27,250           100    %              $26,535           100    %                 $715                 3     %
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                              2018                2017                           $           %
adjusted oibda:
tv entertainment                               $2,466              $2,301                $165                 7   %
cable networks                                  4,341               4,442                (101     )          (2   )
filmed entertainment                              (33   )            (187   )             154                82
publishing                                        153                 146                   7                 5
corporate/eliminations                           (433   )            (442   )               9                 2
stock-based compensation                         (205   )            (220   )              15                 7
total adjusted oibda                            6,289               6,040                 249                 4
depreciation and amortization                    (433   )            (443   )              10                 2
restructuring and other corporate matters        (490   )            (258   )            (232     )         n/m programming charges                              (162   )            (144   )             (18     )         n/m gain on sale of assets                              -                 146                (146     )         n/m total operating income                         $5,204              $5,341               $(137     )          (3   )%
n/m - not meaningful ii-26
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                      2018              2017      $                               %
depreciation and amortization:
tv entertainment                         $160              $163          $(3         )            (2   )%
cable networks                            194               193       1                    1
filmed entertainment                       38                42          (4          )           (10   )
publishing                                  6                 6          -                         -
corporate                                  35                39          (4          )           (10   )
total depreciation and amortization      $433              $443          $(10        )            (2   )%
tv entertainment (cbs television network, cbs television studios, cbs television distribution, cbs interactive, cbs sports network, cbs television stations and cbs-branded streaming services cbs all access and cbsn, among others)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2018                2017                           $           %
advertising                  $5,751              $5,696                 $55                 1     %
affiliate                     2,082               1,674                 408                24
content licensing             3,006               2,880                 126                 4
other                           222                 226                  (4     )          (2     )
revenues                    $11,061             $10,476                $585                 6     %
adjusted oibda               $2,466              $2,301                $165                 7     %
revenues for 2018, the 6% increase in tv entertainment revenues reflects growth across each of the segment's main revenue streams.
advertising the 1% increase in advertising revenues was driven by record political advertising sales associated with the 2018 midterm elections, partially offset by the absence of thursday night football and the national semifinals and championship game of the ncaa tournament, which were broadcast by cbs in 2017. tv entertainment advertising revenues also benefited from the adoption of a new revenue recognition standard in the first quarter of 2018, under which revenues for certain distribution arrangements are recognized based on the gross amount of consideration ii-27
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
received from the customer, with an offsetting increase to participation expense. under previous accounting guidance, such revenues were recognized at the net amount retained by us after the payment of fees to the third party. this guidance was applied prospectively from the date of adoption and therefore, amounts for 2017 are reported under previous accounting guidance.
affiliate affiliate revenues grew 24% as a result of a 22% increase in station affiliation fees and retransmission revenues as well as subscriber growth at cbs all access.
content licensing content licensing increased 4%, primarily reflecting higher international licensing and the impact of the aforementioned adoption of a new revenue recognition standard in 2018, which resulted in higher revenues under certain distribution arrangements, with an offsetting increase to operating expenses. these increases were partially offset by lower domestic licensing, as 2017 included the licensing of ncis: new orleans, madam secretary and titles from the csi franchise.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda increased 7% as a result of higher revenues and lower programming costs associated with the absence of cbs's broadcast of thursday night football, partially offset by an increased investment in content and digital initiatives.
cable networks (showtime networks, nickelodeon, mtv, bet, comedy central, paramount network, nick jr., vh1, tv land, cmt, smithsonian networks, viacomcbs networks international, network 10, channel 5 and telefe)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2018   2017                                        $           %
advertising                  $5,130              $4,947                $183                 4   %
affiliate                     6,294               6,479                (185     )          (3   )
content licensing             1,259               1,053       206                          20
revenues                    $12,683             $12,479                $204                 2   %
adjusted oibda               $4,341              $4,442               $(101     )          (2   )%
revenues for 2018, the 2% increase in cable networks revenues was driven by 15% growth in international revenues, reflecting growth across each of the segment's revenue streams. domestic revenues decreased 2%, driven by lower affiliate revenues and advertising revenues, partially offset by increased content licensing revenues. international revenues included a 3-percentage point unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rate changes.
advertising advertising revenues increased 4%, driven by 26% higher international revenues as a result of the acquisition of network 10 in the fourth quarter of 2017, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rate changes of 5-percentage points. domestic advertising revenues decreased 4%, principally reflecting lower linear impressions, partially offset by higher pricing and growth in revenues from ams.
ii-28
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
affiliate the 3% decrease in affiliate revenues was the result of a 4% decrease in domestic revenues, reflecting the benefit to 2017 from showtime networks' distribution of the floyd mayweather/conor mcgregor pay-per-view boxing event and declines in traditional mvpd subscribers at our basic cable networks. growth from showtime ott and contractual rate increases partially offset the decline. as of december 31, 2018, showtime subscriptions, including showtime ott, totaled approximately 27 million. international affiliate revenues increased 6%, driven by the acquisition of network 10, as well as subscriber growth and new channel launches. international affiliate revenues included a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes.
content licensing content licensing revenues increased 20% reflecting higher revenues from the licensing of original programming from our basic cable networks and showtime, including the renewal of dexter, as well as the benefit to 2018 from spongebob squarepants: the broadway musical.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 2%, driven by an increased investment in content and growth initiatives, partially offset by the revenue growth and lower expenses resulting from cost transformation initiatives.
filmed entertainment (paramount pictures, paramount players, paramount animation and paramount television studios)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,            2018                2017      $                               %
theatrical                     $744                $716          $28                       4     %
home entertainment              617                 789          (172        )           (22     )
licensing                     1,493               1,468       25                           2
other                           102                 102          -                         -
revenues                     $2,956              $3,075          $(119       )            (4    )%
adjusted oibda                 $(33   )           $(187   )      $154                     82     %
revenues for 2018, filmed entertainment revenues decreased 4% reflecting lower home entertainment revenues, partially offset by increases in theatrical and licensing revenues.
theatrical theatrical revenues increased 4%, principally reflecting the 2018 release of mission: impossible - fallout. other significant 2018 releases included a quiet place and bumblebee. significant releases in 2017 included transformers: the last knight, xxx: return of xander cage, daddy's home 2 and baywatch. foreign exchange rate changes had a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on theatrical revenues.
home entertainment home entertainment revenues decreased 22% in 2018, primarily reflecting the number and mix of titles in release. significant 2018 releases included mission: impossible - fallout, daddy's home 2 and a quiet place compared to transformers: the last knight, jack reacher: never go back and arrival in 2017.
ii-29
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
licensing licensing revenues increased 2% in 2018, driven by higher revenues from the production of programming for third parties, including tom clancy's jack ryan, maniac, the haunting of hill house and the cloverfield paradox.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda for filmed entertainment was a loss of $33 million in 2018 compared with a loss of $187 million in 2017, an improvement of 82%, reflecting lower print and advertising expenses, primarily driven by the number and mix of theatrical releases and a charge resulting from the termination of a slate financing agreement in 2017. fluctuations in results for the filmed entertainment segment may occur as a result of the timing of the recognition of print and advertising expenses, which are generally incurred before and throughout the theatrical release of a film, while the revenues for the respective film are recognized as earned through the film's theatrical exhibition and subsequent distribution windows.
publishing (simon & schuster)
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,          2018   2017              $                       %
revenues                     $825              $830       $(5         )           (1    )%
adjusted oibda               $153              $146       $7                5           %
revenues for 2018, the 1% decrease in revenues primarily reflects lower sales of print and electronic books, partially offset by 20% growth in digital audio sales. bestselling titles for 2018 included fear: trump in the white house by bob woodward, the outsider by stephen king and whiskey in a teacup by reese witherspoon.
adjusted oibda the 5% increase in adjusted oibda mainly reflects lower production costs.
cash flows the changes in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were as follows:
increase/ (decrease)                                   increase/ (decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                                  2019                2018                      2019 vs. 2018                2017                      2018 vs. 2017
cash provided by operating activities from:
continuing operations                                                              $1,230              $3,463                  $(2,233      )                 $2,345                   $1,118
discontinued operations                                                                 -                   1                       (1      )                     94                      (93      )
cash provided by operating activities                                               1,230               3,464                   (2,234      )                  2,439                    1,025
cash (used for) provided by investing activities from:
continuing operations                                                                (153   )            (588   )                  435                           150                     (738      )
discontinued operations                                                                (2   )             (23   )                   21                           (24   )                    1
cash (used for) provided by investing activities                                     (155   )            (611   )                  456                           126                     (737      )
cash used for financing activities                                                 (1,216   )          (2,531   )                1,315                        (3,009   )                  478
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash          (1   )             (25   )                   24                            58                      (83      )
net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash               $(142   )            $297                    $(439      )                  $(386   )                 $683
ii-30
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
operating activities.  the decrease in cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for 2019 compared with 2018 was primarily driven by an increased investment in television and film programming, higher payments for income taxes and payments of $132 million associated with costs related to the merger. operating cash flow for 2019 and 2018 also included payments for restructuring activities of $234 million and $219 million, respectively.
the increase in cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily driven by lower cash payments for income taxes and growth in affiliate revenues, which were partially offset by an increased investment in television and film programming. operating cash flow for 2017 also included discretionary pension contributions of $600 million to prefund our qualified pension plans.
cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations primarily reflected the operating activities of cbs radio. operating activities from discontinued operations also included payments and refunds for tax matters in foreign jurisdictions related to previously disposed businesses that are accounted for as discontinued operations.
the increase in cash payments for income taxes for 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to a payment in 2019 as a result of guidance issued by the united states government in january 2019 relating to the transition tax on cumulative foreign earnings and profits that resulted from the enactment of federal tax legislation in december 2017. in addition, cash taxes for 2018 benefited from the application of a federal income tax overpayment carryforward from 2017.
the decrease in cash payments for income taxes for 2018 compared to 2017 reflects the benefit from a federal income tax overpayment, which included the impact from the retroactive renewal of a federal tax law.
investing activities year ended december 31,                                                                   2019              2018              2017
investments (a)                                                                      $(171   )         $(161   )         $(128   )
capital expenditures                                                                  (353   )          (352   )          (356   )
acquisitions, net of cash acquired (b)                                                (399   )          (118   )          (289   )
proceeds from dispositions (c)                                                         756                39               892
other investing activities from continuing operations                                   14                 4                31
cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities from continuing operations      (153   )          (588   )           150
cash flow used for investing activities from discontinued operations                    (2   )           (23   )           (24   )
cash flow (used for) provided by investing activities                                $(155   )         $(611   )          $126
(a) primarily includes our investment in the cw.
(b) 2019 primarily reflects the acquisition of pluto inc. and the remaining 50% interest in pop tv, a general entertainment cable network. 2018 primarily reflects the acquisitions of whosay inc., a leading influence marketing firm, pop culture media, a digital entertainment media company, and vidcon llc, a host of conferences dedicated to online video. 2017 primarily reflects the acquisition of network 10, one of three major commercial broadcast networks in australia, and the acquisition of a television library.
(c) 2019 primarily reflects the sale of cbs television city. 2017 primarily reflects the sale of our 49.76% interest in epix and the sale of broadcast spectrum in connection with the fcc's broadcast spectrum auction.
ii-31
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
financing activities year ended december 31,                                                  2019                2018                2017
proceeds from (repayments of) short-term debt borrowings, net         $25                 $(5   )            $229
proceeds from issuance of senior notes                                492                   -               3,157
repayment of notes and debentures                                    (910   )          (1,102   )          (4,729   )
dividends                                                            (595   )            (599   )            (616   )
repurchase of the company's class b common stock                      (57   )            (586   )          (1,111   )
payment of payroll taxes in lieu of issuing shares for                (56   )             (67   )            (103   )
stock-based compensation proceeds from exercise of stock options                                15                  29                 263
other financing activities                                           (130   )            (201   )             (99   )
cash flow used for financing activities                           $(1,216   )         $(2,531   )         $(3,009   )
free cash flow free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. free cash flow reflects our net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities before operating cash flow from discontinued operations, and less capital expenditures. our calculation of free cash flow includes capital expenditures because investment in capital expenditures is a use of cash that is directly related to our operations. our net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities is the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available to us to service debt, make strategic acquisitions and investments, maintain our capital assets, satisfy our tax obligations, and fund ongoing operations and working capital needs. as a result, free cash flow is a significant measure of our ability to generate long-term value. it is useful for investors to know whether this ability is being enhanced or degraded as a result of our operating performance. we believe the presentation of free cash flow is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to evaluate the cash generated from our underlying operations in a manner similar to the method used by management. free cash flow is among several components of incentive compensation targets for certain management personnel. in addition, free cash flow is a primary measure used externally by our investors, analysts and industry peers for purposes of valuation and comparison of our operating performance to other companies in our industry.
as free cash flow is not a measure calculated in accordance with gaap, free cash flow should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, either net cash flow provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity or net earnings (loss) as a measure of operating performance. free cash flow, as we calculate it, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. in addition, free cash flow as a measure of liquidity has certain limitations, does not necessarily represent funds available for discretionary use and is not necessarily a measure of our ability to fund our cash needs.
the following table presents a reconciliation of our net cash flow provided by operating activities to free cash flow.
year ended december 31,                                           2019                2018                2017
net cash flow provided by operating activities (gaap)       $1,230              $3,464              $2,439
capital expenditures                                          (353   )            (352   )            (356   )
less: operating cash flow from discontinued operations           -                   1                  94
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                     $877              $3,111              $1,989
ii-32
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
dividends on december 19, 2019, viacomcbs declared a quarterly cash dividend of $.24 per share on its class a and class b common stock, resulting in total dividends of $150 million, which were paid on january 10, 2020. prior to the merger, viacom and cbs each declared a quarterly cash dividend during each of the first three quarters of 2019 and during each of the four quarters of 2018 and 2017. during 2019, cbs declared total per share dividends of $.54, resulting in total dividends of $205 million. for each of the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, cbs declared total per share dividends of $.72, resulting in total annual dividends of $274 million and $289 million, respectively. during 2019, viacom declared total per share dividends of $.60, resulting in total dividends of $245 million. for each of the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, viacom declared total per share dividends of $.80, resulting in total annual dividends of $325 million and $323 million, respectively.
on february 12, 2020, viacomcbs declared a quarterly cash dividend of $.24 per share on its class a and class b common stock, payable on april 1, 2020.
share repurchase program during december 2019, we repurchased 1.2 million shares of viacomcbs class b common stock under our share repurchase program for $50 million, at an average cost of $40.78 per share. at december 31, 2019, $2.41 billion of authorization remained under the share repurchase program.
capital structure the following table sets forth our debt.
at december 31,                                         2019                2018
commercial paper                                    $699                $674
senior debt (2.30%-7.875% due 2019-2045)          16,690              17,086
junior debt (5.875%-6.250% due 2057)               1,286               1,284
obligations under finance leases                      44                  69
total debt (a)                                    18,719              19,113
less commercial paper                                699                 674
less current portion of long-term debt                18                 339
total long-term debt, net of current portion     $18,002             $18,100
(a)   at december 31, 2019 and 2018, the senior and junior subordinated debt balances included (i) a net unamortized discount of $412 million and $422 million, respectively, (ii) unamortized deferred financing costs of $92 million and $98 million, respectively, and (iii) a decrease in the carrying value of the debt relating to previously settled fair value hedges of $6 million and $5 million, respectively. the face value of our total debt was $19.23 billion at december 31, 2019 and $19.64 billion at december 31, 2018.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we issued $500 million of 4.20% senior notes due 2029. we used the net proceeds from this issuance in the redemption of our $600 million outstanding 2.30% senior notes due august 2019. during 2019, we also repaid the $220 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.625% senior notes due september 2019 and the $90 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.75% senior notes due december 2019.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we redeemed $1.13 billion of senior notes and debentures for a redemption price of $1.10 billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain on early extinguishment of debt of $18 million ($14 million, net of tax).
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we issued $3.10 billion of senior notes and junior subordinated debentures. also during 2017, we redeemed and repaid $4.67 billion of senior notes, of which $4.27 billion was ii-33
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
redeemed prior to maturity, resulting in a pre-tax loss on early extinguishment of debt of $38 million ($21 million, net of tax).
our 5.875% junior subordinated debentures due february 2057 and 6.25% junior subordinated debentures due february 2057 accrue interest at the stated fixed rates until february 28, 2022 and february 28, 2027, respectively, on which dates the rates will switch to floating rates based on three-month libor plus 3.895% and 3.899%, respectively, reset quarterly. these debentures can be called by us at any time after the expiration of the fixed-rate period.
the subordination, interest deferral option and extended term of the junior subordinated debentures provide significant credit protection measures for senior creditors and, as a result of these features, the debentures received a 50% equity credit by standard & poor's rating services and fitch ratings inc., and a 25% equity credit by moody's investors service, inc.
the interest rate payable on our 2.25% senior notes due february 2022 and 3.45% senior notes due october 2026, collectively the "senior notes", will be subject to adjustment from time to time if moody's investors services, inc. or s&p global ratings downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to the senior notes. the interest rate on these senior notes would increase by 0.25% upon each credit agency downgrade up to a maximum of 2.00%, and would similarly be decreased for subsequent upgrades. at december 31, 2019, the outstanding principal amount of our 2.25% senior notes due february 2022 and 3.45% senior notes due october 2026 was $50 million and $124 million, respectively.
some of our outstanding notes and debentures provide for certain covenant packages typical for an investment grade company. there is an acceleration trigger for the majority of the notes and debentures in the event of a change in control under specified circumstances coupled with ratings downgrades due to the change in control, as well as certain optional redemption provisions for our junior debentures.
we had outstanding commercial paper borrowings under our $2.50 billion commercial paper program of $699 million and $674 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, each with maturities of less than 90 days. the weighted average interest rate for these borrowings was 2.07% and 3.02% at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
in january 2020, our commercial paper program was increased to $3.50 billion in conjunction with the new $3.50 billion revolving credit facility described below.
credit facility at december 31, 2019, we had a $2.50 billion revolving credit facility held by cbs prior to the merger (the "cbs credit facility") with a maturity in june 2021 and a $2.50 billion revolving credit facility held by viacom prior to the merger (the "viacom credit facility"), with a maturity in february 2024. at december 31, 2019, we had no borrowings outstanding under the cbs credit facility or the viacom credit facility and the remaining availability, net of outstanding letters of credit, was $2.50 billion for each facility.
in january 2020, the cbs credit facility was terminated and the viacom credit facility was amended and restated to a $3.50 billion revolving credit facility with a maturity in january 2025 (the "credit facility"). the credit facility is used for general corporate purposes and to support commercial paper outstanding, if any. we may, at our option, also borrow in certain foreign currencies up to specified limits under the credit facility. borrowing rates under the credit facility are determined at our option at the time of each borrowing and are based generally on the prime rate in the u.s. or libor plus a margin based on our senior unsecured debt rating. the credit facility requires our consolidated total leverage ratio to be less than 4.5x (which we may elect to increase to 5.0x for up to four consecutive ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
quarters following a qualified acquisition) at the end of each quarter, to be applied retrospectively from december 31, 2019. the consolidated total leverage ratio reflects the ratio of our consolidated indebtedness at the end of a quarter, to our consolidated ebitda (each as defined in the amended credit agreement) for the trailing twelve-month period. we met this covenant as of december 31, 2019.
liquidity and capital resources we project anticipated cash requirements for our operating, investing and financing needs as well as cash flows generated from operating activities available to meet these needs. our operating needs include, among other items, commitments for sports programming rights, television and film programming, talent contracts, leases, interest payments, income taxes payments and pension funding obligations. our investing and financing spending includes capital expenditures, investments and acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness.
we believe that our operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, borrowing capacity under the $3.50 billion credit facility, and access to capital markets are sufficient to fund our operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months.
our funding for short-term and long-term obligations will come primarily from cash flows from operating activities. any additional cash funding requirements are financed with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and long-term debt. to the extent that commercial paper is not available to us, the credit facility provides sufficient capacity to satisfy short-term borrowing needs. we routinely assess our capital structure and opportunistically enter into transactions to lower our interest expense, which could result in a charge from the early extinguishment of debt.
funding for our long-term debt obligations due over the next five years of $5.90 billion is expected to come from our ability to refinance our debt and cash generated from operating activities.
our access to capital markets can be impacted by factors outside our control, including economic conditions; however, we believe that our strong cash flows and balance sheet, our credit facility and our credit rating will provide us with adequate access to funding for our expected cash needs. the cost of any new borrowings are affected by market conditions and short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to access capital markets on terms and conditions that will be favorable to us.
at december 31, 2019, we had $2.41 billion of remaining availability under our share repurchase program. share repurchases under the program are expected to be funded by cash flows from operations and, as appropriate, with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and/or the issuance of long-term debt.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019, payments due by period under our significant contractual obligations with remaining terms in excess of one year were as follows:
payments due by period and          2025 and total                2020             2021-2022             2023-2024              thereafter off-balance sheet arrangements programming and talent commitments (a)          $10,355              $3,003              $5,350                $1,159                    $843
purchase obligations (b)                          1,517                 609                 744                    82                      82
on-balance sheet arrangements operating leases (c)                              2,709                 371                 648                   456                   1,234
long-term debt obligations (d)                   18,486                   -               2,345                 3,557                  12,584
interest commitments on long-term debt (e)       13,046                 868               1,627                 1,418                   9,133
finance leases (including interest) (f)              47                  21                  23                     2                       1
other long-term contractual obligations (g)       2,076                   -               1,479                   412                     185
total                                           $48,236              $4,872             $12,216                $7,086                 $24,062
(a) our programming and talent commitments include $5.39 billion for sports programming rights, $3.80 billion relating to the production and licensing of television and film programming, and $1.17 billion for talent contracts.
(b) purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including open purchase orders.
(c) consists of operating lease commitments for office space, equipment, satellite transponders and studio facilities.
(d) long-term debt obligations are presented at face value, excluding finance leases.
(e) future interest based on scheduled debt maturities. interest payments on junior subordinated debentures subsequent to the expiration of their fixed-rate periods have been included based on their current fixed rates.
(f) includes finance lease obligations for satellite transponders and equipment.
(g) reflects long-term contractual obligations recorded on the consolidated balance sheet, including program liabilities; participations due to producers; residuals; and a tax liability resulting from the enactment of the tax reform act in december 2017. this tax liability reflects the remaining tax on our historical accumulated foreign earnings and profits, which is payable to the irs in 2024 and 2025.
the table above does not include payments relating to reserves for uncertain tax positions of $384 million, and related interest and penalties, interest under our credit facility and for commercial paper borrowings, redeemable noncontrolling interest of $254 million, our guarantee liability of $124 million relating to the sale of cbs television city; lease indemnification obligations of $86 million or potential future contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. the amount and timing of payments with respect to these items are subject to a number of uncertainties such that we are unable to make sufficiently reliable estimations of future payments.
in 2020, we expect to make contributions of approximately $70 million to our non-qualified pension plans to satisfy the benefit payments due under these plans. also in 2020, we expect to contribute approximately $43 million to our other postretirement benefit plans to satisfy our portion of benefit payments due under these plans.
guarantees letters of credit and surety bonds. we have indemnification obligations with respect to letters of credit and surety bonds primarily used as security against non-performance in the normal course of business. at december 31, 2019, the outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds approximated $136 million and were not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
cbs television city. during 2019, we completed the sale of cbs television city. we have guaranteed a specified level of cash flows to be generated by the business during the first five years following the completion of the sale. included on the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2019 is a liability of $124 million, reflecting the present value of the estimated amount payable under the guarantee obligation.
lease guarantees. as noted above, we have indemnification obligations of $86 million with respect to leases primarily associated with the previously discontinued operations of famous players inc.
film financing arrangements. from time to time we enter into film or television programming (collectively referred to as "film") financing arrangements that involve the sale of a partial copyright interest in a film to third-party investors. since the investors typically have the risks and rewards of ownership proportionate to their ownership in the film, we generally record the amounts received for the sale of copyright interest as a reduction of the cost of the film and related cash flows are reflected in net cash flow from operating activities. we also enter into collaborative arrangements with other studios to jointly finance and distribute films ("co-financing arrangements"), under which each partner is responsible for distribution of the film in specific territories or distribution windows. the partners' share in the profits and losses of the films under these arrangements are included within participations expense.
in the course of our business, we both provide and receive indemnities which are intended to allocate certain risks associated with business transactions. similarly, we may remain contingently liable for various obligations of a business that has been divested in the event that a third party does not live up to its obligations under an indemnification obligation. we record a liability for its indemnification obligations and other contingent liabilities when probable and reasonably estimable.
critical accounting policies the preparation of our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, which are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. the result of these evaluations forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions.
we consider the following accounting policies to be the most critical as they are important to our financial condition and results of operations, and require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. the risks and uncertainties involved in applying our critical accounting policies are provided below. unless otherwise noted, we applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods consistently in all material respects and for all periods presented, and have discussed such policies with our audit committee. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when control of a good or service is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. significant judgments used in the determination of the amount and timing of revenue recognition include the identification of distinct performance obligations in contracts containing bundled advertising sales and content licenses, and the allocation of consideration among individual performance obligations within these arrangements based on their relative standalone selling prices.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
advertising revenues-advertising revenues are recognized when the advertising spots are aired on television or displayed on digital platforms. if a contract includes a guarantee to deliver a targeted audience rating or number of impressions, the delivery of the advertising spots that achieve the guarantee represents the performance obligation to be satisfied over time and revenues are recognized based on the proportion of the audience rating or impressions delivered to the total guaranteed in the contract. to the extent the amounts billed exceed the amount of revenue recognized, such excess is deferred until the guaranteed audience ratings or impressions are delivered. for contracts that do not include impressions guarantees, the individual advertising spots are the performance obligation and consideration is allocated among the individual advertising spots based on relative standalone selling price.
content licensing revenues-for licenses of exhibition rights for internally-produced programming, each individual episode or film delivered represents a separate performance obligation and revenues are recognized when the episode or film is made available to the licensee for exhibition and the license period has begun. for license agreements that include delivery of content on one or more dates for a fixed fee, consideration is allocated based on the relative standalone selling price of each episode or film, which is based on licenses for comparable content within the marketplace. estimation of standalone selling prices requires judgment, which can impact the timing of recognizing revenues.
affiliate revenues-the performance obligation for our affiliate agreements is a license to our programming provided through the continuous delivery of live linear feeds and, for agreements with mvpds and subscribers to our digital streaming services, also includes a license to programming for video on demand viewing. affiliate revenues are recognized over the term of the agreement as we satisfy our performance obligation by continuously providing our customer with the right to use our programming. for agreements that provide for a variable fee, revenues are determined each month based on an agreed upon contractual rate applied to the number of subscribers to our customer's service. for agreements that provide for a fixed fee, revenues are recognized based on the relative fair value of the content provided over the term of the agreement. these agreements primarily include agreements with television stations affiliated with the cbs television network ("network affiliates") for which fair value is determined based on the fair value of the network affiliate's service and the value of our programming.
film and television production costs costs incurred to produce television programs and feature films are capitalized and amortized over the projected life of each television program or feature film based on the ratio of current period revenues to estimated remaining total revenues to be earned ("ultimate revenues"). management's judgment is required in estimating ultimate revenues and the costs to be incurred throughout the life of each television program or feature film. these estimates are used to determine the amortization of capitalized production costs, expensing of participation costs, and any necessary impairments to capitalized production costs.
for television programming, our estimates of ultimate revenue are initially limited to the amount of revenue contracted for each episode in the initial market and estimates of revenue from a secondary market where we can demonstrate a history of earning such revenue in that market. estimates for additional secondary market revenues such as domestic and foreign syndication and home entertainment are included in the estimates of ultimate revenues once it can be demonstrated that a program can be successfully licensed in such secondary market. for each television program, management bases these estimates on the performance in the initial markets, the existence of future firm commitments to sell and the past performance of similar television programs.
for feature films, our estimate of ultimate revenues includes revenues from all sources that are estimated to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial theatrical release. for acquired film libraries, our estimate of ultimate revenues is for a period within 20 years from the date of acquisition. prior to the release of feature films, we estimate ultimate revenues based on the historical performance of similar content and pre-release market research ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
(including test market screenings), as well as factors relating to the specific film, including the expected number of theaters and markets in which the original content will be released, the genre of the original content and the past box office performance of the lead actors and actresses. for films intended for theatrical release, we believe the performance during the theatrical exhibition is the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenues as subsequent markets have historically exhibited a high correlation to theatrical performance. upon a film's initial release, we update our estimate of ultimate revenues based on actual and expected future performance. our estimates of revenues from succeeding windows and markets are revised based on historical relationships to theatrical performance and an analysis of current market trends. we also review and revise estimates of ultimate revenue and participation costs as of each reporting date to reflect the most current available information. after their theatrical release the most sensitive factor affecting our estimates for feature films is the extent of home entertainment sales. in addition to theatrical performance, home entertainment sales vary based on a variety of factors including demand for our titles, the volume and quality of competing products, marketing and promotional strategies, as well as economic conditions.
estimates of ultimate revenues for internally-produced television programming are updated regularly based on information available as the television program progresses through its life cycle. if ultimate revenue estimates are revised, the difference between amortization expense determined using the new estimate and any amounts previously expensed during that year are reflected in our consolidated statement of operations in the quarter in which the estimates are revised. overestimating ultimate revenues for internally-produced programming could result in the understatement of the amortization of capitalized production costs and future net realizable value adjustments, as well as the misstatement of accruals for participation expense.
acquired program rights the costs incurred in acquiring television series and feature film programming rights, including advances, are capitalized when the program is accepted and available for airing at the commencement of the license period. the costs of programming rights licensed under multi-year sports programming agreements are capitalized if the rights payments are made before the related economic benefit has been received. these costs are expensed over the shorter of the license period or the period in which an economic benefit is expected to be derived. the economic benefit is determined based on management's estimates of revenues to be derived from the programming, the expected number of future airings, which may differ from the contracted number of airings, and the length of the license period. if initial airings are expected to generate higher revenues an accelerated method of amortization is used. management's judgment is required in determining the value of the future economic benefit and the timing of the expensing of these costs.
the estimated economic benefit for acquired programming, including revenue projections for multi-year sports programming, are periodically reviewed and updated based on information available throughout the contractual term. a failure to adjust for a downward revision in the estimated economic benefit to be generated from acquired programming could result in the understatement of programming costs or future net realizable value adjustments.
the net realizable value of acquired programming is regularly evaluated either by title or on a daypart basis, which is defined as an aggregation of programs broadcast during a particular time of day or an aggregation of programs of a similar type based on the specific demographic targeted by each respective program or program service. net realizable value is determined by estimating advertising revenues to be derived from the future airing of the programming within the daypart and allocating affiliate revenues to the programming, each as applicable. an impairment charge may be necessary if our estimates of future cash flows are below the carrying value of the programming or if programming is abandoned.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
goodwill and intangible assets impairment test we perform fair value-based impairment tests of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, comprised primarily of television fcc licenses in the u.s. and broadcast licenses in australia, on an annual basis and also between annual tests if an event occurs or if circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value.
television fcc licenses and international broadcast licenses-fcc licenses are tested for impairment at the geographic market level. we consider each geographic market, which is comprised of all of our television stations within that geographic market, to be a single unit of accounting because the fcc licenses at this level represent their highest and best use. at december 31, 2019, we had 14 television markets with fcc license book values. for broadcast licenses in australia, we consider all of our broadcast licenses within the country to be a single unit of accounting because this represents their highest and best use.
for our annual impairment test, we perform qualitative assessments for each u.s. television market that we estimate has an aggregate fair value of fcc licenses that significantly exceed their respective carrying values, and for our australian broadcast licenses when we estimate that the aggregate fair value significantly exceeds the carrying value. additionally, we consider the duration of time since a quantitative test was performed. for the 2019 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for all of our u.s. television markets. for each market, we weighed the relative impact of market-specific and macroeconomic factors. the market-specific factors considered include recent projections by geographic market from both independent and internal sources for revenue and operating costs, as well as market share and capital expenditures. we also considered the macroeconomic impact on discount rates and growth rates, as well as the impact from tax law changes that were enacted since the most recent quantitative tests were performed on these markets. based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of the fcc licenses in each of these television markets are less than their respective carrying values. therefore, performing the quantitative impairment test was unnecessary.
a quantitative impairment test of broadcast licenses calculates an estimated fair value using the greenfield discounted cash flow method, which values a hypothetical start-up station in the relevant market by adding discounted cash flows over a five-year build-up period to a residual value. the assumptions for the build-up period include industry projections of overall market revenues; the start-up station's operating costs and capital expenditures, which are based on both industry and internal data; and average market share. the discount rate is determined based on the industry and market-based risk of achieving the projected cash flows, and the residual value is calculated using a perpetual nominal growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation and industry projections.
for 2019, we performed a quantitative impairment test for our australian broadcast licenses. the discount rate and perpetual nominal growth rate were 11% and 0.5%, respectively. the impairment test indicated that the estimated fair value of the broadcast licenses was lower than the carrying value, which was the result of a sustained decline in the advertising marketplace in australia. accordingly, we recorded an impairment charge during the fourth quarter of 2019 of $20 million, which is included within "depreciation and amortization" on the consolidated statements of operations.
the estimated fair values of the fcc licenses and australian broadcast licenses are highly dependent on the assumptions of future economic conditions in the individual geographic markets in which we own and operate television stations. certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, or a decline in the local television advertising marketplace in the u.s. or further decline in the advertising marketplace in australia could result in a downward revision to our current assumptions and judgments. various factors may contribute to a future decline in an advertising marketplace including declines in economic conditions;
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
an other-than-temporary decrease in spending by advertisers in certain industries that have historically represented a significant portion of television advertising revenues in that market; a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms; changes in consumer behavior; and/or a change in population size. a downward revision to the present value of future cash flows could result in impairment and a noncash charge would be required.  such a charge could have a material effect on the consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
goodwill-goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is an operating segment, or one level below. at december 31, 2019, we had six reporting units with goodwill balances, which were determined based on the post-merger reporting structure. for the 2019 annual impairment test, the reporting units tested were those in place prior to the merger, which closed after the testing dates. we tested two reporting units for impairment as of august 31 and eight reporting units as of october 31.
for our annual impairment test, we perform a qualitative assessment for each reporting unit that management estimates has a fair value that significantly exceeds its respective carrying value. for the 2019 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for all of our reporting units. for each reporting unit, we weighed the relative impact of factors that are specific to the reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors. the reporting unit specific factors that were considered included financial performance and changes to the reporting units' carrying amounts since the most recent impairment tests. for each industry in which the reporting units operate, we considered growth projections from independent sources and significant developments or transactions within the industry. we also determined that the impact of macroeconomic factors on the discount rates and growth rates used for the most recent impairment tests would not significantly affect the fair value of the reporting units, and that the lower tax rate from tax law changes enacted since the most recent quantitative tests would positively impact the fair value of the reporting units. based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its respective carrying amount and therefore performing quantitative impairment tests was unnecessary.
as of the closing date of the merger on december 4, 2019, we performed qualitative assessments on the pre-merger reporting units that were to be combined as a result of the new reporting structure, as well as the post-merger reporting units that resulted from this combination. based on these assessments, we concluded that there were no changes to the conclusions reached in our annual impairment test.
a quantitative goodwill impairment test, when performed, requires estimating fair value of a reporting unit based on a discounted cash flow analysis. a discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various judgmental assumptions, including assumptions about the timing and amount of future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates.
certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in the advertising market, a decrease in audience acceptance of programming, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms; and/or changes in consumer behavior could result in changes to our assumptions and judgments used in the goodwill impairment tests. a downward revision of these assumptions could cause the fair values of the reporting units to fall below their respective carrying values and a noncash impairment charge would be required. such a charge could have a material effect on the consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
legal matters estimates of liabilities related to legal issues and discontinued businesses, including asbestos and environmental matters, require significant judgments by management.  we continually evaluate these estimates based on changes in the relevant facts and circumstances and events that may impact estimates.  it is difficult to predict future asbestos ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
liabilities as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our liabilities. while we believe that our liabilities for matters related to our predecessor operations, including environmental and asbestos, are adequate to cover our liabilities, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in future periods. our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability.
pensions pension benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs are calculated using many actuarial assumptions. two key assumptions used in accounting for pension liabilities and expenses are the discount rate and expected rate of return on plan assets. the discount rate is determined based on the yield on a portfolio of high quality bonds, constructed to provide cash flows necessary to meet our pension plans' expected future benefit payments, as determined for the projected benefit obligation. the expected return on plan assets assumption is derived using the current and expected asset allocation of the pension plan assets and considering historical as well as expected returns on various classes of plan assets. as of december 31, 2019, the unrecognized actuarial losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income increased from the prior year-end due primarily to a decrease in the discount rate, partially offset by the favorable performance of pension plan assets. a 25 basis point change in the discount rate would result in an estimated change to the projected benefit obligation of approximately $137 million and would not have a material impact on 2020 pension expense. a decrease in the expected rate of return on plan assets would increase pension expense. the estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of return on plan assets is a change of approximately $8 million to 2020 pension expense.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in both the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes and evaluating our income tax positions.  when recording an interim worldwide provision for income taxes, an estimated effective tax rate for the year is applied to interim operating results.  in the event there is a significant or unusual item recognized in the quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded in the same quarter. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax basis. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be reversed. we evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
a number of years may elapse before a tax return containing tax matters for which a reserve has been established is audited and finally resolved. for positions taken in a previously filed tax return or expected to be taken in a future tax return, we evaluate each position to determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is subject to a measurement assessment to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated statement of operations and the appropriate reserve to establish, if any. if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold a tax reserve is established and no benefit is recognized. we evaluate our uncertain tax positions quarterly based on many factors, including, changes in tax laws and interpretations, information received from tax authorities, and other changes in facts and circumstances. our income tax returns are routinely audited by u.s. federal and state as well as foreign tax authorities. while it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, we believe that the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $384 million at december 31, 2019 is properly recorded pursuant to the recognition and measurement provisions of fasb guidance for uncertainty in income taxes.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
legal matters general.    on an ongoing basis, we vigorously defend ourselves in numerous lawsuits and proceedings and respond to various investigations and inquiries from federal, state, local and international authorities (collectively, "litigation''). litigation may be brought against us without merit, is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. however, based on our understanding and evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, we believe that the below-described legal matters and other litigation to which we are a party are not likely, in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
litigation relating to the merger.  on september 27, 2019, bucks county employees retirement fund (the "bucks county fund"), a purported holder of cbs class b common stock, served us with a demand for inspection of books and records pursuant to 8 del. c. § 220 in connection with the merger (the "demand"). on october 10, 2019, we offered to produce certain categories of documents properly within the scope of a books and records demand under § 220. the bucks county fund rejected our offer and filed litigation in the court of chancery of the state of delaware on october 15, 2019, seeking to compel production of all documents requested in the demand (the "section 220 complaint"). a trial on the section 220 complaint took place on november 22, 2019, and the court ordered limited additional production on november 25, 2019. on december 2, 2019, we certified that we had completed production of all relevant documents. on february 20, 2020, the bucks county fund filed a putative derivative and class action complaint in the court of chancery of the state of delaware against shari redstone, nai, sumner m. redstone national amusements trust ("smr trust"), the cbs board of directors (comprised of candace k. beinecke, barbara m. byrne, gary l. countryman, brian goldner, linda m. griego, robert n. klieger, martha l. minow, susan schuman, frederick o. terrell and strauss zelnick), former cbs president and acting chief executive officer joseph ianniello and viacomcbs inc. the complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to cbs stockholders and waste in connection with the negotiation and approval of the merger agreement. the complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses as well as other relief. we believe that the claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. we are currently unable to determine a range of potential liability, if any. accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
on january 23, 2020, the court of chancery of the state of delaware consolidated four putative class action suits filed by purported viacom stockholders against nai, nai entertainment holdings llc, shari e. redstone, the members of the viacom special transaction committee of the viacom board of directors (comprised of thomas j. may, judith a. mchale, ronald l. nelson and nicole seligman) and our president and chief executive officer and director, robert m. bakish, in in re viacom inc. stockholders litigation. the four actions allege breaches of fiduciary duties to viacom stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of the merger agreement, and seek unspecified damages, costs and expenses. on february 6, 2020, the court appointed the california public employees' retirement system as the lead plaintiff in the consolidated action. we believe that the claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. we are currently unable to determine a range of potential liability, if any. accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
investigation-related matters. as announced on august 1, 2018, the cbs board of directors (the "cbs board") retained two law firms to conduct a full investigation of the allegations in press reports about cbs' former chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer, leslie moonves, cbs news and cultural issues at cbs. on december 17, 2018, the cbs board announced the completion of its investigation, certain findings of the investigation and the cbs board's determination, discussed below, with respect to the termination of mr. moonves' employment. we have received subpoenas from the new york county district attorney's office and the new york city commission on human rights regarding the subject matter of this investigation and related matters. the new york state attorney general's office and the united states securities and exchange commission have also requested information about these matters, including with respect to cbs' related public disclosures. we may continue to receive additional related regulatory and investigative inquiries from these and other entities in the future. we are cooperating with these inquiries.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
on august 27, 2018 and on october 1, 2018, each of gene samit and john lantz, respectively, filed putative class action suits in the united states district court for the southern district of new york, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, for claims that are similar to those alleged in the amended complaint described below. on november 6, 2018, the court entered an order consolidating the two actions. on november 30, 2018, the court appointed construction laborers pension trust for southern california as the lead plaintiff of the consolidated action. on february 11, 2019, the lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint against cbs, certain current and former senior executives and members of the cbs board. the consolidated action is stated to be on behalf of purchasers of cbs class a common stock and class b common stock between september 26, 2016 and december 4, 2018. this action seeks to recover damages arising during this time period allegedly caused by the defendants' purported violations of the federal securities laws, including by allegedly making materially false and misleading statements or failing to disclose material information, and seeks costs and expenses as well as remedies under sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the securities exchange act of 1934 and rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. on april 12, 2019, the defendants filed motions to dismiss this action, which the court granted in part and denied in part on january 15, 2020. with the exception of one statement made by mr. moonves at an industry event in november 2017, in which he allegedly was acting as the agent of cbs, all claims as to all other allegedly false and misleading statements were dismissed. we believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. we are currently unable to determine a range of potential liability, if any. accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
separation agreement. on september 9, 2018, cbs entered into a separation and settlement agreement and releases (the "separation agreement") with mr. moonves, pursuant to which mr. moonves resigned as a director and as chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer of cbs. in october 2018, we contributed $120 million to a grantor trust pursuant to the separation agreement. on december 17, 2018, the cbs board announced that, following its consideration of the findings of the investigation referred to above, it had determined that there were grounds to terminate mr. moonves' employment for cause under his employment agreement with cbs. any dispute related to the cbs board's determination is subject to binding arbitration as set forth in the separation agreement. on january 16, 2019, mr. moonves commenced a binding arbitration proceeding with respect to this matter and the related cbs board investigation, which proceeding is ongoing. the assets of the grantor trust will remain in the trust until a final determination in the arbitration. we are currently unable to determine the outcome of the arbitration and the amount, if any, that may be awarded thereunder and, accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
claims related to former businesses: asbestos. we are a defendant in lawsuits claiming various personal injuries related to asbestos and other materials, which allegedly occurred as a result of exposure caused by various products manufactured by westinghouse, a predecessor, generally prior to the early 1970s. westinghouse was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos. we are typically named as one of a large number of defendants in both state and federal cases. in the majority of asbestos lawsuits, the plaintiffs have not identified which of our products is the basis of a claim. claims against us in which a product has been identified most commonly relate to allegations of exposure to asbestos-containing insulating material used in conjunction with turbines and electrical equipment.
claims are frequently filed and/or settled in groups, which may make the amount and timing of settlements, and the number of pending claims, subject to significant fluctuation from period to period. we do not report as pending those claims on inactive, stayed, deferred or similar dockets that some jurisdictions have established for claimants who allege minimal or no impairment. as of december 31, 2019, we had pending approximately 30,950 asbestos claims, as compared with approximately 31,570 as of december 31, 2018 and 31,660 as of december 31, 2017. during 2019, we received approximately 3,460 new claims and closed or moved to an inactive docket approximately 4,080 claims. we report claims as closed when we become aware that a dismissal order has been entered by a court or when we have reached agreement with the claimants on the material terms of a settlement. settlement costs depend on the seriousness of the injuries that form the basis of the claims, the quality of evidence supporting the claims and other ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
factors. our total costs for the years 2019 and 2018 for settlement and defense of asbestos claims after insurance recoveries and net of tax were approximately $58 million and $45 million, respectively. our costs for settlement and defense of asbestos claims may vary year to year and insurance proceeds are not always recovered in the same period as the insured portion of the expenses.
filings include claims for individuals suffering from mesothelioma, a rare cancer, the risk of which is allegedly increased by exposure to asbestos; lung cancer, a cancer which may be caused by various factors, one of which is alleged to be asbestos exposure; other cancers, and conditions that are substantially less serious, including claims brought on behalf of individuals who are asymptomatic as to an allegedly asbestos-related disease. the predominant number of pending claims against us are non-cancer claims. it is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities, as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our asbestos liabilities, including, among others, the number and types of claims and average cost to resolve such claims. we record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. we believe that our accrual and insurance are adequate to cover our asbestos liabilities. our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability.
other. from time to time we receive claims from federal and state environmental regulatory agencies and other entities asserting that we are or may be liable for environmental cleanup costs and related damages principally relating to our historical and predecessor operations. in addition, from time to time we receive personal injury claims including toxic tort and product liability claims (other than asbestos) arising from our historical operations and predecessors.
market risk we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates and use derivative financial instruments to manage this exposure. in accordance with our policy, we do not use derivative instruments unless there is an underlying exposure and, therefore, we do not hold or enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.
foreign exchange risk we conduct business in various countries outside the u.s., resulting in exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates when translating from the foreign local currency to the u.s. dollar. in order to hedge anticipated cash flows in currencies such as the british pound, the euro, the canadian dollar and the australian dollar, foreign currency forward contracts, for periods generally up to 24 months, are used. additionally, we designate forward contracts used to hedge committed and forecasted foreign currency transactions, including future production costs and programming obligations, as cash flow hedges. gains or losses on the effective portion of designated cash flow hedges are initially recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to the statement of operations when the hedged item is recognized. additionally, we enter into non-designated forward contracts to hedge non-u.s. dollar denominated cash flows. the change in fair value of the non-designated contracts is included in "other items, net" in the consolidated statements of operations. we manage the use of foreign exchange derivatives centrally.
at december 31, 2019 and 2018, the notional amount of all foreign currency contracts was $1.44 billion and $995 million, respectively. for 2019, $833 million related to future production costs and $606 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows. for 2018, $481 million related to future production costs and $514 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows.
ii-
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
interest risk interest on commercial paper borrowings is exposed to risk related to movements in short-term interest rates. a 100 basis point change to the weighted average interest rate on commercial paper borrowings in 2019 would increase or decrease interest expense by approximately $7 million. in addition, interest rates on future long-term debt issuances are exposed to risk related to movements in long-term interest rates. interest rate hedges may be used to modify both of these exposures at our discretion. there were no interest rate hedges outstanding at december 31, 2019 or 2018 but in the future we may use derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rates.
at december 31, 2019, the carrying value of our outstanding notes and debentures was $17.98 billion and the estimated fair value was $20.6 billion. a 1% increase or decrease in interest rates would decrease or increase the fair value of our notes and debentures by approximately $1.22 billion and $2.68 billion, respectively.
credit risk we continually monitor our positions with, and credit quality of, the financial institutions that are counterparties to our financial instruments. we are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. however, we do not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.
our receivables do not represent significant concentrations of credit risk at december 31, 2019 or 2018, due to the wide variety of customers, markets and geographic areas to which our products and services are sold.
related parties for a discussion of related parties, see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
recently adopted accounting pronouncements and accounting pronouncements not yet adopted see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
