item 1a.  risk factors in addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in the description of these operations contained elsewhere in this report, set forth below are risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results.  unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the following risks and uncertainties apply to pinnacle west and its subsidiaries, including aps.
regulatory risks our financial condition depends upon aps's ability to recover costs in a timely manner from customers through regulated rates and otherwise execute its business strategy.
aps is subject to comprehensive regulation by several federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence its business, liquidity and results of operations and its ability to fully recover costs from utility customers in a timely manner.  the acc regulates aps's retail electric rates and ferc regulates rates for wholesale power sales and transmission services.  the profitability of aps is affected by the rates it may charge and the timeliness of recovering costs incurred through its rates.  consequently, our financial condition and results of operations are dependent upon the satisfactory resolution of any aps rate proceedings and ancillary matters which may come before the acc and ferc, including in some cases how court challenges to these regulatory decisions are resolved. arizona, like certain other states, has a statute that allows the acc to reopen prior decisions and modify otherwise final orders under certain circumstances.
the acc must also approve aps's issuance of equity and debt securities and any significant transfer or encumbrance of aps property used to provide retail electric service, and must approve or receive prior notification of certain transactions between us, aps and our respective affiliates, including the infusion of equity into aps.  decisions made by the acc or ferc could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
aps's ability to conduct its business operations and avoid fines and penalties depends upon compliance with federal, state and local statutes, regulations and acc requirements, and obtaining and maintaining certain regulatory permits, approvals and certificates.
aps must comply in good faith with all applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, and orders of agencies that regulate aps's business, including ferc, nrc, epa, the acc, and state and local governmental agencies.  these agencies regulate many aspects of aps's utility operations, including safety and performance, emissions, siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that aps can charge retail and wholesale customers.  failure to comply can subject aps to, among other things, fines and penalties.  for example, under the energy policy act of 2005, ferc can impose penalties (approximately $1.2 million dollars per day per violation) for failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards.  aps is also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from these agencies.  aps believes the necessary permits, approvals and certificates have been obtained for its existing operations and that aps's business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws in all material respects.  however, changes in regulations or the imposition of new or revised laws or regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.  we are also unable to predict the impact on our business and operating results from pending or future regulatory activities of any of these agencies.
the operation of aps's nuclear power plant exposes it to substantial regulatory oversight and potentially significant liabilities and capital expenditures.
the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose safety-related, security-related and other licensing requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities.  events at nuclear facilities of other operators or impacting the industry generally may lead the nrc to impose additional requirements and regulations on all nuclear generating facilities, including palo verde.  in the event of noncompliance with its requirements, the nrc has the authority to impose a progressively increased inspection regime that could ultimately result in the shut-down of a unit or civil penalties, or both, depending upon the nrc's assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.  the increased costs resulting from penalties, a heightened level of scrutiny and implementation of plans to achieve compliance with nrc requirements may adversely affect aps's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
aps is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, and changes in, or liabilities under, existing or new laws or regulations may increase aps's cost of operations or impact its business plans.
aps is, or may become, subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of its present and future operations, including air emissions of conventional pollutants and greenhouse gases, water quality, discharges of wastewater and waste streams originating from fly ash and bottom ash handling facilities, solid waste, hazardous waste, and coal combustion products, which consist of bottom ash, fly ash, and air pollution control wastes.  these laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating, and other costs, particularly with regard to enforcement efforts focused on power plant emissions obligations.  these laws and regulations generally require aps to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, and other approvals.  if there is a delay or failure to obtain any required environmental regulatory approval, or if aps fails to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be suspended or subject to additional expenses.  in addition, failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil liability as a result of government enforcement actions or private claims or criminal penalties.  both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce applicable environmental laws and regulations.  aps cannot predict the outcome (financial or operational) of any related litigation that may arise.
environmental clean up.  aps has been named as a prp for a superfund site in phoenix, arizona, and it could be named a prp in the future for other environmental clean-up at sites identified by a regulatory body. aps cannot predict with certainty the amount and timing of all future expenditures related to environmental matters because of the difficulty of estimating clean-up costs.  there is also uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all prps.
coal ash.  in december 2014, epa issued final regulations governing the handling and disposal of ccr, which are generated as a result of burning coal and consist of, among other things, fly ash and bottom ash. the rule regulates ccr as a non-hazardous waste. aps currently disposes of ccr in ash ponds and dry storage areas at cholla and four corners and in a dry landfill storage area at the navajo plant. to the extent the rule requires the closure or modification of these ccr units or the construction of new ccr units beyond what we currently anticipate, aps would incur significant additional costs for ccr disposal. in addition, the rule may also require corrective action to address releases from ccr disposal units or the presence of ccr constituents within groundwater near ccr disposal units above certain regulatory thresholds.
ozone national ambient air quality standards.  in 2015, epa finalized revisions to the national ambient air quality standards for nitrogen oxides, which set new, more stringent standards intended to protect human health and human welfare. depending on the final attainment designations for the new standards and the state implementation requirements, aps may be required to invest in new pollution control technologies and to generate emission offsets for new projects or facility expansions located in ozone nonattainment areas.
aps cannot assure that existing environmental regulations will not be revised or that new regulations seeking to protect the environment will not be adopted or become applicable to it.  revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs incurred by aps are not fully recoverable from aps's customers, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  due to current or potential future regulations or legislation coupled with trends in natural gas and coal prices, or other clean energy rules or initiatives, the economics or feasibility of continuing to own certain resources, particularly coal facilities, may deteriorate, warranting early retirement of those plants, which may result in asset impairments.  aps would seek recovery in rates for the book value of any remaining investments in the plants as well as other costs related to early retirement, but cannot predict whether it would obtain such recovery.
aps faces potential financial risks resulting from climate change litigation and legislative and regulatory efforts to limit ghg emissions, as well as physical and operational risks related to climate effects.
concern over climate change has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit co2, which is a major byproduct of the combustion of fossil fuel, and other ghg emissions.
potential financial risks - greenhouse gas regulation, the clean power plan and potential litigation. in 2015, epa finalized a rule to limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants, the cpp. the implementation of this rule within the jurisdictions where aps operates could result in a shift in in-state generation from coal to natural gas and renewable generation. such a substantial change in aps's generation portfolio could require additional capital investments and increased operating costs, and thus have a significant financial impact on the company. epa took action in october 2017 to repeal these regulations and in july 2019, epa published final regulations, the ace rule, to replace the cpp with a new set of regulations. epa's action in 2019 to repeal the cpp and replace it with the ace regulations is currently subject to pending judicial review in the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia.
depending on the final outcome of a pending judicial review of ace and repeal of the cpp, along with related regulatory activity to implement the ace regulations, the utility industry may face alternative efforts from private parties seeking to establish alternative ghg emission limitations from power plants. alternative ghg emission limitations may arise from litigation under either federal or state common laws or citizen suit provisions of federal environmental statutes that attempt to force federal agency rulemaking or imposing direct facility emission limitations. such lawsuits may also seek damages from harm alleged to have resulted from power plant ghg emissions.
physical and operational risks. weather extremes such as drought and high temperature variations are common occurrences in the southwest united states' desert area, and these are risks that aps considers in the normal course of business in the engineering and construction of its electric system. large increases in ambient temperatures could require evaluation of certain materials used within its system and may represent a greater challenge. as part of conducting its business, aps recognizes that the southwestern united states is particularly susceptible to the risks posed by climate change, which over time is projected to exacerbate high temperature extremes and prolong drought in the area where aps conducts its business.
co-owners of our jointly owned generation facilities may have unaligned goals and positions due to the effects of legislation, regulations, economic conditions or changes in our industry, which could have a significant impact on our ability to continue operations of such facilities.
aps owns certain of our power plants jointly with other owners with varying ownership interests in such facilities. changes in the nature of our industry and the economic viability of certain plants, including impacts resulting from types and availability of other resources, fuel costs, legislation and regulation, together with timing considerations related to expiration of leases or other agreements for such facilities, could result in unaligned positions among co-owners. such differences in the co-owners' willingness or ability to continue their participation could ultimately lead to disagreements among the parties as to how and whether to continue operation of such plants, which could lead to eventual shut down of units or facilities and uncertainty related to the resulting cost recovery of such assets. see note 4 for a discussion of the navajo plant and cholla retirement and the related risks associated with aps's continued recovery of its remaining investment in the plant.
deregulation or restructuring of the electric industry may result in increased competition, which could have a significant adverse impact on aps's business and its results of operations.
in 1999, the acc approved rules for the introduction of retail electric competition in arizona.  retail competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on aps due to an impairment of assets, a loss of retail customers, lower profit margins or increased costs of capital.  although some very limited retail competition existed in aps's service area in 1999 and 2000, there are currently no active retail competitors offering unbundled energy or other utility services to aps's customers.  this is in large part due to a 2004 arizona court of appeals decision that found critical components of the acc's rules to be violative of the arizona constitution. the ruling also voided the operating authority of all the competitive providers previously authorized by the acc. on may 9, 2013, the acc voted to re-examine the facilitation of a deregulated retail electric market in arizona.  the acc subsequently opened a docket for this matter and received comments from a number of interested parties on the considerations involved in establishing retail electric deregulation in the state.  one of these considerations is whether various aspects of a deregulated market, including setting utility rates on a "market" basis, would be consistent with the requirements of the arizona constitution.  on september 11, 2013, after receiving legal advice from the acc staff, the acc voted 4-1 to close the current docket and await full arizona constitutional authority before any further examination of this matter.  the motion approved by the acc also included opening one or more new dockets in the future to explore options to offer more rate choices to customers and innovative changes within the existing cost-of-service regulatory model that could include elements of competition.
one of these options would be a continuation or expansion of aps's existing ag (alternative generation)-x program, which essentially allows up to 200 mw of cumulative load to be served via a buy-through arrangement with competitive suppliers of generation.  the ag-x program was approved by the acc as part of the 2017 settlement agreement.
in november 2018, the acc voted to again re-examine retail competition. in addition, proposals to enable or support retail electric competition may be made from time to time through ballot initiatives, legislative action or other forums in arizona. the acc has scheduled a workshop for february 25-26, 2020 for further consideration and discussion of the retail electric competition rules. aps cannot predict whether these efforts will result in any changes and, if changes to the rules results, what impact these rules would have on aps.
proposals to change policy in arizona or other states made through ballot initiatives or referenda may increase the company's cost of operations or impact its business plans.
in arizona and other states, a person or organization may file a ballot initiative or referendum with the arizona secretary of state or other applicable state agency and, if a sufficient number of verifiable signatures are presented, the initiative or referendum may be placed on the ballot for the public to vote on the matter. ballot initiatives and referenda may relate to any matter, including policy and regulation related to the electric industry, and may change statutes or the state constitution in ways that could impact arizona utility customers, the arizona economy and the company. some ballot initiatives and referenda are drafted in an unclear manner and their potential industry and economic impact can be subject to varied and conflicting interpretations. we may oppose certain initiatives or referenda (including those that could result in negative impacts to our customers, the state or the company) via the electoral process, litigation, traditional legislative mechanisms, agency rulemaking or otherwise, which could result in significant costs to the company. the passage of certain initiatives or referenda could result in laws and regulations that impact our business plans and have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
operational risks aps's results of operations can be adversely affected by various factors impacting demand for electricity.
weather conditions.  weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and affect the price of energy commodities.  electric power demand is generally a seasonal business.  in arizona, demand for power peaks during the hot summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time.  as a result, aps's overall operating results fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.  in addition, aps has historically sold less power, and consequently earned less income, when weather conditions are milder.  as a result, unusually mild weather could diminish aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
apart from the impact upon electricity demand, weather conditions related to prolonged high temperatures or extreme heat events present operational challenges. in the southwestern united states, where aps conducts its business, the effects of climate change are projected to increase the overall average temperature, lead to more extreme temperature events, and exacerbate prolonged drought conditions leading to the declining availability of water resources. extreme heat events and rising temperatures are projected to reduce the generation capacity of thermal-power plants and decrease the efficiency of the transmission grid. these operational risks related to rising temperatures and extreme heat events could affect aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
higher temperatures may decrease the snowpack, which might result in lowered soil moisture and an increased threat of forest fires.  forest fires could threaten aps's communities and electric transmission lines and facilities.  any damage caused as a result of forest fires could negatively impact aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, the decrease in snowpack can also lead to reduced water supplies in the areas where aps relies upon non-renewable water resources to supply cooling and process water for electricity generation. prolonged and extreme drought conditions can also affect aps's long-term ability to access the water resources necessary for thermal electricity generation operations. reductions in the availability of water for power plant cooling could negatively impact aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
effects of energy conservation measures and distributed energy resources.  the acc has enacted rules regarding energy efficiency that mandate a 22% cumulative annual energy savings requirement by 2020.  this will likely increase participation by aps customers in energy efficiency and conservation programs and other demand-side management efforts, which in turn will impact the demand for electricity.  the rules also include a requirement for the acc to review and address financial disincentives, recovery of fixed costs and the recovery of net lost revenue that would result from lower sales due to increased energy efficiency requirements.  to that end, the lfcr is designed to address these matters.
aps must also meet certain distributed energy requirements.  a portion of aps's total renewable energy requirement must be met with an increasing percentage of distributed energy resources (generally, small scale renewable technologies located on customers' properties).  the distributed energy requirement is 30% of the applicable res requirement for 2012 and subsequent years.  customer participation in distributed energy programs would result in lower demand, since customers would be meeting some of their own energy needs.
in addition to these rules and requirements, energy efficiency technologies and distributed energy resources continue to evolve, which may have similar impacts on demand for electricity. reduced demand due to these energy efficiency requirements, distributed energy requirements and other emerging technologies, unless substantially offset through ratemaking mechanisms, could have a material adverse impact on aps's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
actual and projected customer and sales growth.  retail customers in aps's service territory increased 2.0% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior year. for the three years 2017 through 2019, aps's retail customer growth averaged 1.8% per year.  we currently project annual customer growth to be 1.5 - 2.5% for 2020 and for 2020 through 2022 based on our assessment of improving economic conditions in arizona.
retail electricity sales in kwh, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations, increased 0.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior year.  improving economic conditions and customer growth were offset by energy savings driven by customer conservation, energy efficiency, and distributed renewable generation initiatives.  for the three years 2017 through 2019, annual retail electricity sales were about flat, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations.  we currently project that annual retail electricity sales in kwh will increase in the range of 1.0 - 2.0% for 2020 and increase on average in the range of 1.0 - 2.0% during 2020 through 2022, including the effects of customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives, but excluding the effects of weather variations and excluding the impacts of several new large data centers opening operations in metro phoenix.  the impact of new large data centers could raise the range of expected sales annual growth rate over the 2020 to 2022 period, but demand from these customers remains uncertain at this point. slower than expected growth of the arizona economy or acceleration of the expected effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency or distributed renewable generation initiatives could further impact these estimates.
actual customer and sales growth may differ from our projections as a result of numerous factors, such as economic conditions, customer growth, usage patterns and energy conservation, impacts of energy efficiency programs and growth in distributed renewable generation, and responses to retail price changes. additionally, recovery of a substantial portion of our fixed costs of providing service is based upon the volumetric amount of our sales.  if our customer growth rate does not continue to improve as projected, or if we experience acceleration of expected effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency or distributed renewable generation initiatives, we may be unable to reach our estimated sales projections, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the operation of power generation facilities and transmission systems involves risks that could result in reduced output or unscheduled outages, which could materially affect aps's results of operations.
the operation of power generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves certain risks, including the risk of breakdown or failure of equipment, fuel interruption, and performance below expected levels of output or efficiency.  unscheduled outages, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other complications, occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of aps's business.  because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the larger transmission power grid, and the operation or failure of our facilities could adversely affect the operations of others.  concerns over physical security of these assets could include damage to certain of our facilities due to vandalism or other deliberate acts that could lead to outages or other adverse effects. if aps's facilities operate below expectations, especially during its peak seasons, it may lose revenue or incur additional expenses, including increased purchased power expenses.
the impact of wildfires could negatively affect aps's results of operations.
wildfires have the potential to affect the communities that aps serves and aps's vast network of electric transmission and distribution lines and facilities. the potential likelihood of wildfires has increased due to many of the same weather impacts existing in arizona as those that led to the catastrophic wildfires in northern california. while we proactively take steps to mitigate wildfire risk in the areas of our electrical assets, wildfire risk is always present due to aps's expansive service territory. aps could be held liable for damages incurred as a result of wildfires that were caused by or enhanced due to aps's negligence. the arizona liability standard is different from that of california, which generally imposes liability for resulting damages without regard to fault. any damage caused to our assets, loss of service to our customers, or liability imposed as a result of wildfires could negatively impact aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the inability to successfully develop or acquire generation resources to meet reliability requirements and other new or evolving standards or regulations could adversely impact our business.
potential changes in regulatory standards, impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, and the need to obtain various regulatory approvals create uncertainty surrounding our generation portfolio.  the current abundance of low, stably priced natural gas, together with environmental and other concerns surrounding coal-fired generation resources, create strategic challenges as to the appropriate generation portfolio and fuel diversification mix.  in addition, aps is required by the acc to meet certain energy resource portfolio requirements, including those related to renewables development and energy efficiency measures.  the development of any generation facility is subject to many risks, including those related to financing, siting, permitting, new and evolving technology, and the construction of sufficient transmission capacity to support these facilities.  aps's inability to adequately develop or acquire the necessary generation resources could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
in expressing concerns about the environmental and climate-related impacts from continued extraction, transportation, delivery and combustion of fossil fuels, environmental advocacy groups and other third parties have in recent years undertaken greater efforts to oppose the permitting and construction of fossil fuel infrastructure projects. these efforts may increase in scope and frequency depending on a number of variables, including the future course of federal environmental regulation and the increasing financial resources devoted to these opposition activities. aps cannot predict the effect that any such opposition may have on our ability to develop and construct fossil fuel infrastructure projects in the future.
the lack of access to sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on aps's business and results of operations.
assured supplies of water are important for aps's generating plants.  water in the southwestern united states is limited, and various parties have made conflicting claims regarding the right to access and use such limited supply of water.  both groundwater and surface water in areas important to aps's generating plants have been and are the subject of inquiries, claims and legal proceedings.  in addition, the region in which aps's power plants are located is prone to drought conditions, which could potentially affect the plants' water supplies.  climate change is also projected to exacerbate prolonged drought conditions. aps's inability to access sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we are subject to cybersecurity risks and risks of unauthorized access to our systems that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. in the regular course of our business, we handle a range of sensitive security, customer and business systems information. there appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, that seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric utility industry and wish to disrupt the u.s. bulk power, transmission and distribution system. our information technology systems, generation (including our palo verde nuclear facility), transmission and distribution facilities, and other infrastructure facilities and systems and physical assets could be targets of unauthorized access and are critical areas of cyber protection for us.
we rely extensively on it systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms. some of these systems are managed, hosted, provided, or used for third parties to assist in conducting our business. as more third parties are involved in the operation of our business, there is a risk the confidentiality, integrity, privacy or security of data held by, or accessible to, third parties may be compromised.
if a significant cybersecurity event or breach were to occur, we may not be able to fulfill critical business functions and we could (i) experience property damage, disruptions to our business, theft of or unauthorized access to customer, employee, financial or system operation information or other information; (ii) experience loss of revenue or incur significant costs for repair, remediation and breach notification, and increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security measures; and (iii) be subject to increased regulation, litigation and reputational damage. if such disruptions or breaches are not detected quickly, their effect could be compounded or could delay our response or the effectiveness of our response and ability to limit our exposure to potential liability. these types of events could also require significant management attention and resources, and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cybersecurity incidents which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. these systems and processes may be insufficient to mitigate the possibility of information and cybersecurity incidents, malicious social engineering, fraudulent or other malicious activities, and human error or malfeasance in the safeguarding of our data.
we are subject to laws and rules issued by multiple government agencies concerning safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of our security, customer and business information. one of these agencies, nerc, has issued comprehensive regulations and standards surrounding the security of bulk power systems, and is continually in the process of developing updated and additional requirements with which the utility industry must comply. the nrc also has issued regulations and standards related to the protection of critical digital assets at commercial nuclear power plants. the increasing promulgation of nerc and nrc rules and standards will increase our compliance costs and our exposure to the potential risk of violations of the standards. experiencing a cybersecurity incident could cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations, such as those promulgated by nerc and the nrc, or contracts that require us to securely maintain confidential data, causing us to incur costs related to legal claims or proceedings and regulatory fines or penalties.
the risk of these system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify. we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, threats and attempted intrusions to our information technology systems and we could experience such threats and attempted intrusions to our operational control systems. to date we do not believe we have experienced a material breach or disruption to our network or information systems or our service operations. we will not be able to anticipate all cyberattacks or information security breaches, and our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices may not be effective against all threat actors. as such attacks continue to increase in sophistication and frequency, we may be unable to prevent all such attacks from being successful in the future.
we maintain cyber insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach of our information technology systems, but such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may not cover the total loss or damage caused by a breach. the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events may evolve as the industry matures. in the future, adequate insurance may not be available at rates that we believe are reasonable, and the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident may not be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates.
the ownership and operation of power generation and transmission facilities on indian lands could result in uncertainty related to continued leases, easements and rights-of-way, which could have a significant impact on our business.
four corners and portions of certain aps transmission lines are located on indian lands pursuant to leases, easements or other rights-of-way that are effective for specified periods.  aps is unable to predict the final outcomes of pending and future approvals by the applicable sovereign governing bodies with respect to renewals of these leases, easements and rights-of-way.
there are inherent risks in the ownership and operation of nuclear facilities, such as environmental, health, fuel supply, spent fuel disposal, regulatory and financial risks and the risk of terrorist attack that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
aps has an ownership interest in and operates, on behalf of a group of participants, palo verde, which is the largest nuclear electric generating facility in the united states.  palo verde constitutes approximately 18% of our owned and leased generation capacity.  palo verde is subject to environmental, health and financial risks, such as the ability to obtain adequate supplies of nuclear fuel; the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel; the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning; potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities; the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks; and unscheduled outages due to equipment and other problems.  aps maintains nuclear decommissioning trust funds and external insurance coverage to minimize its financial exposure to some of these risks; however, it is possible that damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage.  in addition, aps may be required under federal law to pay up to $120.1 million (but not more than $17.9 million per year) of liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident occurring not only at palo verde, but at any other nuclear power reactor in the united states. although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at palo verde, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit and to promulgate new regulations that could require significant capital expenditures and/or increase operating costs.
the use of derivative contracts in the normal course of our business could result in financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.
aps's operations include managing market risks related to commodity prices.  aps is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the price and transportation costs of electricity, natural gas and coal to the extent that unhedged positions exist.  we have established procedures to manage risks associated with these market fluctuations by utilizing various commodity derivatives, including exchange traded futures and over-the-counter forwards, options, and swaps.  as part of our overall risk management program, we enter into derivative transactions to hedge purchases and sales of electricity and fuels.  the changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to price changes in the hedged commodity.  to the extent that commodity markets are illiquid, we may not be able to execute our risk management strategies, which could result in greater unhedged positions than we would prefer at a given time and financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act") contains measures aimed at increasing the transparency and stability of the over-the counter ("otc") derivative markets and preventing excessive speculation. the dodd-frank act could restrict, among other things, trading positions in the energy futures markets, require different collateral or settlement positions, or increase regulatory reporting over derivative positions. based on the provisions included in the dodd-frank act and the implementation of regulations, these changes could, among other things, impact our ability to hedge commodity price and interest rate risk or increase the costs associated with our hedging programs.
we are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counterparties.  we use a risk management process to assess and monitor the financial exposure of all counterparties.  despite the fact that the majority of aps's trading counterparties are rated as investment grade by the rating agencies, there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default, which could result in a material adverse impact on our earnings for a given period.
changes in technology could create challenges for aps's existing business.
alternative energy technologies that produce power or reduce power consumption or emissions are being developed and commercialized, including renewable technologies such as photovoltaic (solar) cells, customer-sited generation, energy storage (batteries) and efficiency technologies.  advances in technology and equipment/appliance efficiency could reduce the demand for supply from conventional generation, including carbon-free nuclear generation, and increase the complexity of managing aps's information technology and power system operations, which could adversely affect aps's business.
customer-sited alternative energy technologies present challenges to aps's operations due to misalignment with aps's existing operational needs. when these resources lack "dispatchability" and other elements of utility-side control, they are considered "unmanaged" resources. the cumulative effect of such unmanaged resources results in added complexity for aps's system management.
aps continues to pursue and implement advanced grid technologies, including transmission and distribution system technologies and digital meters enabling two-way communications between the utility and its customers.  many of the products and processes resulting from these and other alternative technologies, including energy storage technologies, have not yet been widely used or tested on a long-term basis, and their use on large-scale systems is not as established or mature as aps's existing technologies and equipment.  the implementation of new and additional technologies adds complexity to our information technology and operational technology systems, which could require additional infrastructure and resources. widespread installation and acceptance of new technologies could also enable the entry of new market participants, such as technology companies, into the interface between aps and its customers and could have other unpredictable effects on aps's traditional business model.
deployment of renewable energy technologies is expected to continue across the western states and result in a larger portion of the overall energy production coming from these sources. these trends, which have benefited from historical and continuing government support for certain technologies, have the potential to put downward pressure on wholesale power prices throughout the western states which could make aps's existing generating facilities less economical and impact their operational patterns and long-term viability.
we are subject to employee workforce factors that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
like many companies in the electric utility industry, our workforce is maturing, with approximately 35% of employees eligible to retire by the end of 2024.  although we have undertaken efforts to recruit, train and develop new employees, we face increased competition for talent.  we are subject to other employee workforce factors, such as the availability and retention of qualified personnel and the need to negotiate collective bargaining agreements with union employees.  these or other employee workforce factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
financial risks financial market disruptions or new rules or regulations may increase our financing costs or limit our access to various financial markets, which may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to implement our financial strategy.
pinnacle west and aps rely on access to credit markets as a significant source of liquidity and the capital markets for capital requirements not satisfied by cash flow from our operations.  we believe that we will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets.  however, certain market disruptions or rules or regulations may cause our cost of borrowing to increase generally, and/or otherwise adversely affect our ability to access these financial markets.
in addition, the credit commitments of our lenders under our bank facilities may not be satisfied or continued beyond current commitment periods for a variety of reasons, including new rules and regulations, periods of financial distress or liquidity issues affecting our lenders or financial markets, which could materially adversely affect the adequacy of our liquidity sources and the cost of maintaining these sources.
changes in economic conditions, monetary policy, financial regulation or other factors could result in higher interest rates, which would increase interest expense on our existing variable rate debt and new debt we expect to issue in the future, and thus reduce funds available to us for our current plans.
additionally, an increase in our leverage, whether as a result of these factors or otherwise, could adversely affect us by:
•   causing a downgrade of our credit ratings;
•   increasing the cost of future debt financing and refinancing;
•   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; and
•   requiring us to dedicate an increased portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce funds available to us for operations, future investment in our business or other purposes.
a downgrade of our credit ratings could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our current ratings are set forth in "liquidity and capital resources - credit ratings" in item 7.  we cannot be sure that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant.  any downgrade or withdrawal could adversely affect the market price of pinnacle west's and aps's securities, limit our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which would adversely impact our financial results.  we could be required to pay a higher interest rate for future financings, and our potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease.  in addition, borrowing costs under our existing credit facilities depend on our credit ratings.  a downgrade could also require us to provide additional support in the form of letters of credit or cash or other collateral to various counterparties.  if our short-term ratings were to be lowered, it could severely limit access to the commercial paper market.  we note that the ratings from rating agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
investment performance, changing interest rates and other economic, social and political factors could decrease the value of our benefit plan assets, nuclear decommissioning trust funds and other special use funds or increase the valuation of our related obligations, resulting in significant additional funding requirements.  we are also subject to risks related to the provision of employee healthcare benefits and healthcare reform legislation.  any inability to fully recover these costs in our utility rates would negatively impact our financial condition.
we have significant pension plan and other postretirement benefits plan obligations to our employees and retirees, and legal obligations to fund our pension trust and nuclear decommissioning trusts for palo verde.  we hold and invest substantial assets in these trusts that are designed to provide funds to pay for certain of these obligations as they arise.  declines in market values of the fixed income and equity securities held in these trusts may increase our funding requirements into the related trusts.  additionally, the valuation of liabilities related to our pension plan and other postretirement benefit plans are impacted by a discount rate, which is the interest rate used to discount future pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.  declining interest rates decrease the discount rate, increase the valuation of the plan liabilities and may result in increases in pension and other postretirement benefit costs, cash contributions, regulatory assets, and charges to oci.  changes in demographics, including increased number of retirements or changes in life expectancy and changes in other actuarial assumptions, may also result in similar impacts.  the minimum contributions required under these plans are impacted by federal legislation and related regulations.  increasing liabilities or otherwise increasing funding requirements under these plans, resulting from adverse changes in legislation or otherwise, could result in significant cash funding obligations that could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
we recover most of the pension costs and other postretirement benefit costs and all of the currently estimated nuclear decommissioning costs in our regulated rates.  any inability to fully recover these costs in a timely manner would have a material negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
while most of the patient protection and affordable care act provisions have been implemented, changes to or repeal of that act and pending or future federal or state legislative or regulatory activity or court proceedings could increase costs of providing medical insurance for our employees and retirees. any potential changes and resulting cost impacts cannot be determined with certainty at this time.
our cash flow depends on the performance of aps and its ability to make distributions.
we derive essentially all of our revenues and earnings from our wholly-owned subsidiary, aps.  accordingly, our cash flow and our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is dependent upon the earnings and cash flows of aps and its distributions to us.  aps is a separate and distinct legal entity and has no obligation to make distributions to us.
aps's financing agreements may restrict its ability to pay dividends, make distributions or otherwise transfer funds to us.  in addition, an acc financing order requires aps to maintain a common equity ratio of at least 40% and does not allow aps to pay common dividends if the payment would reduce its common equity below that threshold.  the common equity ratio, as defined in the acc order, is total shareholder equity divided by the sum of total shareholder equity and long-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt.
pinnacle west's ability to meet its debt service obligations could be adversely affected because its debt securities are structurally subordinated to the debt securities and other obligations of its subsidiaries.
because pinnacle west is structured as a holding company, all existing and future debt and other liabilities of its subsidiaries will be effectively senior in right of payment to its own debt securities.  the assets and cash flows of our subsidiaries will be available, in the first instance, to service their own debt and other obligations.  our ability to have the benefit of their cash flows, particularly in the case of any insolvency or financial distress affecting our subsidiaries, would arise only through our equity ownership interests in our subsidiaries and only after their creditors have been satisfied.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control:
•   variations in our quarterly operating results;
•   operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors;
•   changes in expectations as to future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
•   developments generally affecting industries in which we operate;
•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments;
•   announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us;
•   favorable or adverse regulatory or legislative developments;
•   our dividend policy;
•   future sales by the company of equity or equity-linked securities; and
•   general domestic and international economic conditions.
in addition, the stock market in general has experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company.  these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws and of arizona law make it difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our board and may discourage takeover attempts.
these provisions, which could preclude our shareholders from receiving a change of control premium, include the following:
•   restrictions on our ability to engage in a wide range of "business combination" transactions with an "interested shareholder" (generally, any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of our outstanding voting power, or any of our affiliates or associates who beneficially owned 10% or more of our outstanding voting power at any time during the prior three years) or any affiliate or associate of an interested shareholder, unless specific conditions are met;
•   anti-greenmail provisions of arizona law and our bylaws that prohibit us from purchasing shares of our voting stock from beneficial owners of more than 5% of our outstanding shares unless specified conditions are satisfied;
•   the ability of the board of directors to increase the size of and fill vacancies on the board of directors, whether resulting from such increase, or from death, resignation, disqualification or otherwise;
•   the ability of our board of directors to issue additional shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and, with respect to preferred stock, the other terms, including preferences and voting rights, of those shares without shareholder approval;
•   restrictions that limit the rights of our shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders; and
•   restrictions regarding the rights of our shareholders to nominate directors or to submit proposals to be considered at shareholder meetings.
while these provisions may have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate with our board of directors, they could enable the board of directors to hinder or frustrate a transaction that some, or a majority, of our shareholders might believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction the following discussion should be read in conjunction with pinnacle west's consolidated financial statements and aps's consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear in item 8 of this report. this discussion provides a comparison of the 2019 results with 2018 results. a comparison of the 2018 results with 2017 results can be found in the annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018.  for information on factors that may cause our actual future results to differ from those we currently seek or anticipate, see "forward-looking statements" at the front of this report and "risk factors" in item 1a.
overview business overview pinnacle west is an investor-owned electric utility holding company based in phoenix, arizona with consolidated assets of about $18 billion. for over 130 years, pinnacle west and our affiliates have provided energy and energy-related products to people and businesses throughout arizona.
pinnacle west derives essentially all of our revenues and earnings from our principal subsidiary, aps. aps is arizona's largest and longest-serving electric company that generates safe, affordable and reliable electricity for approximately 1.3 million retail customers in 11 of arizona's 15 counties. aps is also the operator and co-owner of palo verde - a primary source of electricity for the southwest united states and the largest nuclear power plant in the united states.
strategic overview our strategy is to deliver shareholder value by creating a sustainable energy future for arizona with a clean, affordable, reliable and customer-focused plan.
clean energy commitment we are committed to doing our part to make the future clean and carbon-free. our vision for aps and arizona presents an opportunity to engage with customers to achieve clean energy goals. guided by science, our approach is intended to encourage market-based and innovative solutions to drive towards a low-carbon economy. we believe clean energy can power a robust economy.
aps's new clean energy goals consist of three parts:
•an aspirational 2050 goal to provide 100% clean, carbon-free electricity;
•   a 2030 target of achieving a resource mix that is 65% clean energy, with 45% of the portfolio coming from renewable energy; and
•a commitment to end aps's use of coal-fired generation by 2031.
aps's ability to successfully execute its clean energy commitment is dependent upon a number of important external factors, some of which include a supportive regulatory environment, sales and customer growth, development of clean energy technologies and continued access to capital markets.
2050 aspirational goal: 100% clean, carbon-free electricity. achieving a fully clean, carbon-free energy mix by 2050 is our aspiration. the 2050 goal will involve new thinking and depends on improved and new technologies.
2030 goal: 65% clean electricity. aps has an energy mix that is already 50% clean with existing plans to add more renewables and energy storage before 2025. those plans are intended to allow us to attain an energy mix that is 65% clean by 2030, with 45% of aps's portfolio coming from renewable energy. this target will serve as a checkpoint for our resource planning, investment strategy, and customer affordability efforts as aps moves toward 100% clean, carbon-free by 2050.
2031 goal: end aps's use of coal-fired generation. the commitment to end aps's use of coal-fired generation by 2031 will require aps to cease buying coal-generation from four corners. aps has permanently retired more than 1,000 mw of coal-fired electric generating capacity. these closures and other measures taken by aps have resulted in a total reduction of carbon emissions of 28% since 2005. in addition, aps has committed to end the use of coal at its remaining cholla units by 2025.
renewables.  aps intends to strengthen its already diverse energy mix by increasing its investments in carbon-free resources. its near-term actions include competitive solicitations to procure clean energy resources such as solar, wind, energy storage, demand response and dsm resources, including energy efficiency resources that enable renewable additions and lead to a cleaner grid.
palo verde. palo verde is the nation's largest producer of electricity and the largest source of carbon-free energy. the plant supplies nearly 70% of our clean energy and provides the foundation for the reliable and affordable service for aps customers. palo verde is not just the cornerstone of our current clean energy mix, it also is a significant provider of clean energy to the southwest united states. the plant's continued operation is important to a carbon-free and clean energy future for arizona and the region, as a reliable, continuous, affordable resource and as a large contributor to the local economy.
affordable we believe it is aps's responsibility to deliver electric services to customers in the most cost-effective manner. since january 2018, the average residential bill decreased by 7.8% or $11.68, due primarily to savings from lower operating costs in areas such as fuel and purchased power and federal tax reform that have been passed on to customers.
building upon existing cost management efforts, aps launched a customer affordability initiative in 2019. the initiative was implemented company-wide to thoughtfully and deliberately assess our business processes and organizational approaches to completing high-value work and eliminating waste. through the initiative and existing cost management practices, aps identified $20 million in possible cost savings for 2020.
participation in the eim continues to be an effective tool for creating savings for our customers from the real-time, voluntary market. over the past three years, the eim has delivered approximately $140 million in gross benefits to aps customers. aps is in discussions with the eim operator, caiso, and other eim participants about the feasibility of creating a voluntary day-ahead market to achieve more cost savings and use the region's renewable resources more efficiently.
reliable while our energy mix evolves, the obligation to deliver reliable service to our customers remains. excluding voluntary outages and proactive fire mitigation efforts, aps finished 2019 with its best score for frequency of customer power outages.
planned investments will support operating and maintaining the grid, updating technology, accommodating customer growth and enabling more renewable energy resources. our advanced management system allows operators to locate outages, control line devices remotely and helps them coordinate more closely with field crews to safely maintain an increasingly dynamic grid. the system also integrates a new meter data management system that increases grid visibility and gives customers access to more of their energy usage data. (see "liquidity and capital resources - capital expenditures" below for additional details on capital expenditures.)
wildfire safety remains a critical focus for aps and other utilities. we increased investment in fire mitigation efforts to clear defensible space around our infrastructure, build partnerships with government entities and first responders and educate customers and communities. these programs contribute to customer reliability, responsible forest management and safe communities.
the new units at our modernized ocotillo power plant provide cleaner-running and more efficient units. they support reliability by responding quickly to the variability of solar generation, and delivering energy in the late afternoon and early evening, when solar production declines as the sun sets and customer demand peaks.
customer-focused customers are at the core of what aps does every day and aps is committed to providing options that make it easier for its customers to do business with them. in 2019, aps launched its redesigned aps.com website and mobile app, giving customers upgraded access to their energy usage data and billing information. aps's customer care team is using speech analytics to enrich advisors' interactions with customers over the telephone, and customers can also communicate with aps through an online chat.
aps expanded financial help for its most vulnerable customers in 2019, allocating $2.75 million in crisis bill assistance and increasing the individual benefit for qualifying customers from $400 to $800 per year. the aps solar communities program has allowed more than 600 limited- and moderate-income customers to support clean energy and save money by hosting aps-owned solar systems on their residences in exchange for a monthly bill credit.
aps continues to develop and deploy innovative programs that connect customers with advanced technologies to help them manage their bills and encourage energy use during midday, when solar power is most abundant. three energy storage programs incorporating smart thermostats, connected water heaters and batteries are helping customers shift energy use to times when they can take advantage of low-cost, abundant energy and reduce peak demand on aps's system.
in 2020, aps is convening an advisory panel of customers to gain a deeper understanding of the customer experience through their individual perspectives. a group of customer service advisors, in conjunction with local human services agencies, will provide in-person customer support in communities aps serves.
emerging technologies energy storage aps deploys a number of advanced technologies on its system, including energy storage. storage can provide capacity, improve power quality, be utilized for system regulation, integrate renewable generation, and in certain circumstances, be used to defer certain traditional infrastructure investments. energy storage can also aid in integrating higher levels of renewables by storing excess energy when system demand is low and renewable production is high and then releasing the stored energy during peak demand hours later in the day and after sunset. aps is utilizing grid-scale energy storage projects to benefit customers, to increase renewable utilization, and to further our understanding of how storage works with other advanced technologies and the grid. we are preparing for additional energy storage in the future.
in early 2018, aps entered into a 15-year power purchase agreement for a 65 mw solar facility that charges a 50 mw solar-fueled battery. service under this agreement is scheduled to begin in 2021. in 2018, aps issued a request for proposal for approximately 106 mw of energy storage to be located at up to five of its az sun sites. based upon our evaluation of the rfp responses, aps decided to expand the initial phase of battery deployment to 141 mw by adding a sixth az sun site. in february 2019, we contracted for the 141 mw and originally anticipated such facilities could be in service by mid-2020. in april 2019, a battery module in aps's mcmicken battery energy storage facility experienced an equipment failure, which prompted an internal investigation to determine the cause. the results of the investigation will inform the timing of our utilization and implementation of batteries on our system. due to the april 2019 event, aps is working with the counterparty for the az sun sites to determine appropriate timing and path forward for such facilities. additionally, in february 2019, aps signed two 20-year power purchase agreements for energy storage totaling 150 mw. service under these power purchase agreements is also dependent on the results of the mcmicken battery incident investigation and requires approval from the acc to allow for recovery of these agreements through the psa.
we currently plan to install at least 850 mw of energy storage by 2025, including the 150 mw of energy storage projects under power purchase agreements described above.  the additional 700 mw of aps-owned energy storage is expected to be made up of the retrofits associated with our az sun sites as described above, along with current and future rfps for energy storage and solar plus energy storage projects. given the april 2019 event, we continue to evaluate the appropriate timing and path forward to support the overall capacity goals for our system and associated energy storage requirements. currently, aps is pursuing an rfp for battery-ready solar resources up to 150 mw with results expected in the first half of 2020.
electric vehicles aps plans to make electric vehicle charging more accessible for its customers and help arizona businesses, schools and governments electrify their fleets. in 2019, aps implemented its take charge az pilot program. the program provides charging equipment, installation, and maintenance to business customers, government agencies, and multifamily housing communities. rates are designed to encourage charging overnight and during daytime off-peak hours when solar energy is abundant.
hydrogen production palo verde, in partnership with idaho national laboratory and two other utilities, has been chosen by the doe's office of nuclear energy to participate in a hydrogen production project with the goal to improve the long-term economic competitiveness of the nuclear power industry. the project, planned for 2020 through 2022, will look at how hydrogen from palo verde may be used as energy storage for use in reverse-operable electrolysis or peaking gas turbines during times of the day when photovoltaic solar energy sources are unavailable and energy reserves in the southwest united states are low. it could also be used to support a rapidly increasing hydrogen transportation fuel market.
experience from the pilot project will offer insights into methods for flexible transitions between electricity and hydrogen generation missions in solar-dominated electricity markets, and demonstrate how hydrogen may be used as energy storage to provide electricity during operating periods when solar is not available.
carbon capture carbon capture technologies can isolate atmospheric co2 and either sequester it permanently in geologic formations or convert it for use in products. currently, almost all existing fossil fuel generators do not control carbon emissions the way they control emissions of other air pollutants such as sulfur dioxide or oxides of nitrogen. at the same time, these generators are dispatchable: they can supply energy quickly as needed for reliability. carbon capture technologies offer the potential to keep in operation existing generators that otherwise would need to be retired. there are a number of demonstration projects that show promise but are still being tested in real-world conditions. aps will continue to monitor this emerging technology.
regulatory overview on october 31, 2019, aps filed an application with the acc for an annual increase in retail base rates of $69 million. this amount includes recovery of the deferral and rate base effects of the four corners scr project that is currently the subject of a separate proceeding (see "scr cost recovery" in note 4). it also reflects a net credit to base rates of approximately $115 million primarily due to the prospective inclusion of rate refunds currently provided through the team. the proposed total revenue increase in aps's application is $184 million. the average annual customer bill impact of aps's request is an increase of 5.6% (the average annual bill impact for a typical aps residential customer is 5.4%).
the principal provisions of aps's application are:
•   a test year comprised of twelve months ended june 30, 2019, adjusted as described below;
•   an original cost rate base of $8.87 billion, which approximates the acc-jurisdictional portion of the book value of utility assets, net of accumulated depreciation and other credits;
•   the following proposed capital structure and costs of capital:
capital structure        cost of capital long-term debt                                          45.3   %               4.10   %
common stock equity                                     54.7   %              10.15   %
weighted-average cost of capital                               7.41                   %
•   a 1% return on the increment of fair value rate base above aps's original cost rate base, as provided for by arizona law;
•   authorization to defer until aps's next general rate case the increase or decrease in its arizona property taxes attributable to tax rate changes after the date the rate application is adjudicated;
•   a number of proposed rate and program changes for residential customers, including:
▪   a super off-peak period during the winter months for aps's time-of-use with demand rates;
▪   additional $1.25 million in funding for limited-income crisis bill program; and
▪   a flat bill/subscription rate pilot program;
•   proposed rate design changes for commercial customers, including an experimental program designed to provide access to market pricing for up to 200 mw of medium and large commercial customers;
•   recovery of the deferral and rate base effects of the construction and operating costs of the ocotillo modernization project (see note 4 discussion of the 2017 settlement agreement); and
•   continued recovery of the remaining investment and other costs related to the retirement and closure of the navajo plant (see note 4 for details related to the resulting regulatory asset).
aps requested that the increase become effective december 1, 2020.  aps cannot predict the outcome of its request.
see note 4 for information regarding additional regulatory matters.
financial strength and flexibility pinnacle west and aps currently have ample borrowing capacity under their respective credit facilities, and may readily access these facilities ensuring adequate liquidity for each company.  capital expenditures will be funded with internally generated cash and external financings, which may include issuances of long-term debt and pinnacle west common stock.
other subsidiaries bright canyon energy. on july 31, 2014, pinnacle west announced its creation of a wholly-owned subsidiary, bce.  bce's focus is on new growth opportunities that leverage the company's core expertise in the electric energy industry.  bce's first initiative is a 50/50 joint venture with bhe u.s. transmission llc, a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway energy company.  the joint venture, named transcanyon, is pursuing independent transmission opportunities within the eleven states that comprise the western electricity coordinating council, excluding opportunities related to transmission service that would otherwise be provided under the tariffs of the retail service territories of the venture partners' utility affiliates.
on december 20, 2019, bce acquired minority ownership positions in two wind farms developed by tenaska, the 242 mw clear creek wind farm in missouri and the 250 mw nobles 2 wind farm in minnesota. the clear creek project is expected to achieve commercial operation in 2020 and deliver power under a long-term power purchase agreement. the nobles 2 project is also expected to achieve commercial operation in 2020 and deliver power under a long-term power purchase agreement. bce indirectly owns 9.9% of the clear creek project and 5.1% of the nobles 2 project.
el dorado. el dorado is a wholly-owned subsidiary of pinnacle west. el dorado owns debt investments and minority interests in several energy-related investments and arizona community-based ventures.  el dorado committed to a $25 million investment in the energy impact partners fund, which is an organization that focuses on fostering innovation and supporting the transformation of the utility industry. the investment will be made by el dorado as investments are selected by the energy impact partners fund.
key financial drivers in addition to the continuing impact of the matters described above, many factors influence our financial results and our future financial outlook, including those listed below.  we closely monitor these factors to plan for the company's current needs, and to adjust our expectations, financial budgets and forecasts appropriately.
operating revenues.  for the years 2017 through 2019, retail electric revenues comprised approximately 95% of our total operating revenues.  our electric operating revenues are affected by customer growth or decline, variations in weather from period to period, customer mix, average usage per customer and the impacts of energy efficiency programs, distributed energy additions, electricity rates and tariffs, the recovery of psa deferrals and the operation of other recovery mechanisms.  these revenue transactions are affected by the availability of excess generation or other energy resources and wholesale market conditions, including competition, demand and prices.
actual and projected customer and sales growth.  retail customers in aps's service territory increased 2.0% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior year.  for the three years 2017 through 2019, aps's customer growth averaged 1.8% per year.  we currently project annual customer growth to be 1.5 - 2.5% for 2020 and for 2020 through 2022 based on our assessment of steady economic growth in arizona.
retail electricity sales in kwh, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations, increased 0.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior year.  steady economic growth and customer growth were offset by energy savings driven by customer conservation, energy efficiency, and distributed renewable generation initiatives.  for the three years 2017 through 2019, annual retail electricity sales were about flat, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations.  we currently project that annual retail electricity sales in kwh will increase in the range of 1.0 - 2.0% for 2020 and increase on average in the range of 1.0 - 2.0% during 2020 through 2022, including the effects of customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives, but excluding the effects of weather variations and excluding the impacts of several new large data centers opening operations in metro phoenix.  the impact of new large data centers could raise the range of expected sales annual growth rate over the 2020 to 2022 period, but demand from these customers remains uncertain at this point. slower than expected growth of the arizona economy or acceleration of the expected effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency or distributed renewable generation initiatives could further impact these estimates.
actual sales growth, excluding weather-related variations, may differ from our projections as a result of numerous factors, such as economic conditions, customer growth, usage patterns and energy conservation, impacts of energy efficiency programs and growth in distributed generation, and responses to retail price changes.  based on past experience, a reasonable range of variation in our kwh sales projections attributable to such economic factors under normal business conditions can result in increases or decreases in annual net income of up to approximately $15 million.
weather.  in forecasting the retail sales growth numbers provided above, we assume normal weather patterns based on historical data.  historically, extreme weather variations have resulted in annual variations in net income in excess of $25 million.  however, our experience indicates that the more typical variations from normal weather can result in increases or decreases in annual net income of up to $15 million.
fuel and purchased power costs.  fuel and purchased power costs included on our consolidated statements of income are impacted by our electricity sales volumes, existing contracts for purchased power and generation fuel, our power plant performance, transmission availability or constraints, prevailing market prices, new generating plants being placed in service in our market areas, changes in our generation resource allocation, our hedging program for managing such costs and psa deferrals and the related amortization.
operations and maintenance expenses.  operations and maintenance expenses are impacted by customer and sales growth, power plant operations, maintenance of utility plant (including generation, transmission, and distribution facilities), inflation, unplanned outages, planned outages (typically scheduled in the spring and fall), renewable energy and demand side management related expenses (which are offset by the same amount of operating revenues) and other factors.
depreciation and amortization expenses.  depreciation and amortization expenses are impacted by net additions to utility plant and other property (such as new generation, transmission, and distribution facilities), and changes in depreciation and amortization rates.  see "liquidity and capital resources" below for information regarding the planned additions to our facilities and income tax impacts related to bonus depreciation.
pension and other postretirement non-service credits, net.  pension and other postretirement non-service credits can be impacted by changes in our actuarial assumptions. the most relevant actuarial assumptions are the discount rate used to measure our net periodic costs/credit, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to estimate earnings on invested funds over the long-term, the mortality assumptions and the assumed healthcare cost trend rates. we review these assumptions on an annual basis and adjust them as necessary.
property taxes.  taxes other than income taxes consist primarily of property taxes, which are affected by the value of property in-service and under construction, assessment ratios, and tax rates.  the average property tax rate in arizona for aps, which owns essentially all of our property, was 10.9% of the assessed value for 2019, 11.0% for 2018 and 11.2% for 2017. we expect property taxes to increase as we add new generating units and continue with improvements and expansions to our existing generating units and transmission and distribution facilities.
income taxes.  income taxes are affected by the amount of pretax book income, income tax rates, certain deductions and non-taxable items, such as afudc.  in addition, income taxes may also be affected by the settlement of issues with taxing authorities. on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") was enacted and was generally effective on january 1, 2018. changes impacting the company include a reduction in the corporate tax rate to 21%, revisions to the rules related to tax bonus depreciation, limitations on interest deductibility and an associated exception for certain public utilities, and requirements that certain excess deferred tax amounts of regulated utilities be normalized. (see note 5 for details of the impacts on the company as of december 31, 2019.) in aps's 2017 rate case decision, the acc approved the team which is being used to pass through the income tax effects to retail customers of the tax act. (see note 4 for details of the team.)
interest expense.  interest expense is affected by the amount of debt outstanding and the interest rates on that debt (see note 7).  the primary factors affecting borrowing levels are expected to be our capital expenditures, long-term debt maturities, equity issuances and internally generated cash flow.  an allowance for borrowed funds used during construction offsets a portion of interest expense while capital projects are under construction.  we stop accruing afudc on a project when it is placed in commercial operation.
results of operations pinnacle west's only reportable business segment is our regulated electricity segment, which consists of traditional regulated retail and wholesale electricity businesses (primarily sales supplied under traditional cost-based rate regulation) and related activities and includes electricity generation, transmission and distribution.
operating results - 2019 compared with 2018.
our consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $538 million, compared with $511 million for the prior year.  the results reflect an increase of approximately $30 million for the regulated electricity segment primarily due to lower operations and maintenance costs and tax expense due to amortization of excess deferred taxes as a result of the tax act, partially offset by lower revenue due to the refunds provided to customers resulting from the tax act, and milder weather and lower pension and other postretirement non-service credits.
the following table presents net income attributable to common shareholders by business segment compared with the prior year:
year endeddecember 31,
2019                                                                                                                2018            net change
(dollars in millions)
regulated electricity segment:
operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses                           $2,425                  $2,590                 $(165     )
operations and maintenance                                                            (939     )            (1,025     )              86
depreciation and amortization                                                         (591     )              (581     )             (10     )
taxes other than income taxes                                                         (219     )              (212     )              (7     )
pension and other postretirement non-service credits - net                              23                      50                   (27     )
all other income and expenses, net                                                      61                      59                     2
interest charges, net of allowance for borrowed funds used during construction        (217     )              (218     )               1
income taxes (note 5)                                                                   16                    (134     )             150
less income related to noncontrolling interests (note 19)                              (19     )               (19     )               -
regulated electricity segment income                                                   540                     510                    30
all other                                                                               (2     )                 1                    (3     )
net income attributable to common shareholders                                        $538                    $511                   $27
59
operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses.  regulated electricity segment operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses were $165 million lower for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior year.  the following table summarizes the major components of this change:
increase (decrease)
operatingrevenues       fuel andpurchasedpower expenses                 net change
(dollars in millions)
refunds due to lower federal corporate income tax rate (note 4)                                                                                                                    $(146       )       $-                                             $(146     )
effects of weather                                                                                                                                                                   (32       )       (8                        )                      (24     )
lower renewable energy regulatory surcharges and higher purchased power, offset by operations and maintenance costs                                                                  (15       )                             2                          (17     )
change in residential rate design (a)                                                                                                                                                 13               -                                                 13
lost fixed cost recovery                                                                                                                                                               8               -                                                  8
higher retail revenue due to higher customer growth, partially offset by the impacts of energy efficiency, distributed generation and changes in customer usage patterns              10                                     5                            5
changes in net fuel and purchased power costs, including off-system sales margins and related deferrals                                                                              (60       )       (61                       )                        1
miscellaneous items, net                                                                                                                                                               5                                    10                           (5     )
total                                                                                                                                                                              $(217       )       $(52                      )                    $(165     )
(a) as part of the 2017 settlement agreement, rate design changes were implemented that moved some revenue responsibility from summer to non-summer months. the change was made to better align revenue collections with costs of service.
operations and maintenance.  operations and maintenance expenses decreased $86 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior-year period primarily because of:
•   a decrease of $42 million related to public outreach costs at the parent company primarily associated with the ballot initiative in 2018;
•   a decrease of $28 million in fossil generation costs primarily due to lower planned outages and operating costs, including $4 million of navajo plant costs which were offset in depreciation and amortization;
•   a decrease of $19 million related to employee benefit costs;
•   a decrease of $18 million related to costs for renewable energy and similar regulatory programs, which are offset in operating revenues and purchased power;
•   an increase of $12 million for costs related to information technology;
•   an increase of $12 million related to consulting costs; and
•   a decrease of $3 million for other miscellaneous factors.
depreciation and amortization.  depreciation and amortization expenses were $10 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior-year period primarily due to increased plant in service of $33 million, partially offset by the regulatory deferrals for the four corners scr and ocotillo modernization project of $19 million and the deferral of navajo plant costs of $4 million which is offset in operations and maintenance.
taxes other than income taxes.  taxes other than income taxes were $7 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior-year period primarily due to higher property values.
pension and other postretirement non-service credits, net. pension and other postretirement non-service credits, net were $27 million lower for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the prior-year period primarily due to lower market returns in 2018.
income taxes.  income taxes were $150 million lower for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared with the prior-year period primarily due to amortization of excess deferred taxes and lower pretax income in the current year period (see note 5).
liquidity and capital resources overview pinnacle west's primary cash needs are for dividends to our shareholders and principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.  the level of our common stock dividends and future dividend growth will be dependent on declaration by our board of directors and based on a number of factors, including our financial condition, payout ratio, free cash flow and other factors.
our primary sources of cash are dividends from aps and external debt and equity issuances.  an acc order requires aps to maintain a common equity ratio of at least 40%.  as defined in the related acc order, the common equity ratio is defined as total shareholder equity divided by the sum of total shareholder equity and long-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt.  at december 31, 2019, aps's common equity ratio, as defined, was 52%.  its total shareholder equity was approximately $5.9 billion, and total capitalization was approximately $11.2 billion.  under this order, aps would be prohibited from paying dividends if such payment would reduce its total shareholder equity below approximately $4.5 billion, assuming aps's total capitalization remains the same.  this restriction does not materially affect pinnacle west's ability to meet its ongoing cash needs or ability to pay dividends to shareholders.
aps's capital requirements consist primarily of capital expenditures and maturities of long-term debt.  aps funds its capital requirements with cash from operations and, to the extent necessary, external debt financings and equity infusions from pinnacle west.
summary of cash flows the following tables present net cash provided by (used for) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 (dollars in millions):
pinnacle west consolidated
2019                                                                        2018
net cash flow provided by operating activities                   $957              $1,277
net cash flow used for investing activities                    (1,131   )          (1,193   )
net cash flow provided by (used for) financing activities         179                 (92   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents               $5                 $(8   )
arizona public service company
2019                                                                        2018
net cash flow provided by operating activities                 $1,007              $1,255
net cash flow used for investing activities                    (1,136   )          (1,187   )
net cash flow provided by (used for) financing activities         133                 (76   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents               $4                 $(8   )
operating cash flows
2019 compared with 2018. pinnacle west's consolidated net cash provided by operating activities was $957 million in 2019 compared to $1,277 million in 2018. the decrease of $320 million in net cash provided is primarily due to lower cash receipts from electric revenues, higher payments for operations and maintenance, fuel and purchased power costs, property taxes, interest and higher pension contributions. the difference between aps and pinnacle west's net cash provided by operating activities primarily relates to pinnacle west's income tax cash payments to aps, offset by lower operations and maintenance expense at the parent.
retirement plans and other postretirement benefits. pinnacle west sponsors a qualified defined benefit pension plan and a non-qualified supplemental excess benefit retirement plan for the employees of pinnacle west and our subsidiaries.  the requirements of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa") require us to contribute a minimum amount to the qualified plan.  we contribute at least the minimum amount required under erisa regulations, but no more than the maximum tax-deductible amount.  the minimum required funding takes into consideration the value of plan assets and our pension benefit obligations.  under erisa, the qualified pension plan was 117% funded as of january 1, 2020 and 112% as of january 1, 2019.  under gaap, the qualified pension plan was 97% funded as of january 1, 2020 and 90% funded as of january 1, 2019. see note 8 for additional details. the assets in the plan are comprised of fixed-income, equity, real estate, and short-term investments.  future year contribution amounts are dependent on plan asset performance and plan actuarial assumptions.  we made contributions to our pension plan totaling $150 million in 2019 and $50 million in 2018.  the minimum required contributions for the pension plan are zero for the next three years.  we expect to make voluntary contributions up to $100 million per year during the 2020-2022 period.  with regard to contributions to our other postretirement benefit plan, we did not make a contribution in 2019 and 2018.  we do not expect to make any contributions over the next three years to our other postretirement benefit plans. the company was reimbursed $30 million in 2019 and $72 million in 2018 for prior years' retiree medical claims from the other postretirement benefit plan trust assets.
62
investing cash flows
2019 compared with 2018. pinnacle west's consolidated net cash used for investing activities was $1,131 million in 2019 compared to $1,193 million in 2018. the decrease of $62 million in net cash used primarily related to decreased capital expenditures and active union employee medical claim reimbursements (see note 20). the difference between aps and pinnacle west's net cash used for investing activities primarily relates to pinnacle west's investing cash activity related to 4ca.
capital expenditures.  the following table summarizes the estimated capital expenditures for the next three years:
capital expenditures
(dollars in millions)
estimated for the year endeddecember 31,
2020                                                                                   2021                    2022
aps generation:
clean:
nuclear generation                                       $131                    $123                    $123
renewables and energy storage systems ("ess") (a)         121                     490                     671
environmental                                              44                      53                      44
other generation                                          139                     154                     121
distribution                                              554                     444                     446
transmission                                              182                     203                     208
other (b)                                                 160                     183                     112
total aps                                              $1,331                  $1,650                  $1,725
(a)   aps solar communities program, energy storage, renewable projects and other clean energy projects
(b)   primarily information systems and facilities projects generation capital expenditures are comprised of various additions and improvements to aps's clean resources, including nuclear plants, renewables and ess. generation capital expenditures also include improvements to existing fossil plants. examples of the types of projects included in the forecast of generation capital expenditures are additions of renewables and energy storage, and upgrades and capital replacements of various nuclear and fossil power plant equipment, such as turbines, boilers and environmental equipment.  we are monitoring the status of environmental matters, which, depending on their final outcome, could require modification to our planned environmental expenditures.
distribution and transmission capital expenditures are comprised of infrastructure additions and upgrades, capital replacements, and new customer construction.  examples of the types of projects included in the forecast include power lines, substations, and line extensions to new residential and commercial developments.
capital expenditures will be funded with internally generated cash and external financings, which may include issuances of long-term debt and pinnacle west common stock.
financing cash flows and liquidity
2019 compared with 2018.  pinnacle west's consolidated net cash provided by financing activities was $179 million in 2019 compared to $92 million of net cash used in 2018, an increase of $271 million in net cash provided.  the increase in net cash provided by financing activities includes $647 million in higher issuances of long-term debt partially offset by higher long-term debt repayments of $418 million, a net increase in short term borrowings of $57 million and higher dividend payments of $21 million.
aps's consolidated net cash provided by financing activities was $133 million in 2019 compared to $76 million of net cash used in 2018, an increase of $209 million in net cash provided.  the increase in net cash provided by financing activities includes $797 million in higher issuances of long-term debt partially offset by higher long-term debt repayments of $418 million, lower equity infusion of $150 million and higher dividend payments of $20 million.
significant financing activities.  on december 18, 2019, the pinnacle west board of directors declared a dividend of $0.7825 per share of common stock, payable on march 2, 2020 to shareholders of record on february 3, 2020. during 2019, pinnacle west increased its indicated annual dividend from $2.95 per share to $3.13 per share. for the year ended december 31, 2019, pinnacle west's total dividends paid per share of common stock were $3.00 per share, which resulted in dividend payments of $329 million.
on february 26, 2019, aps entered into a $200 million term loan agreement that matures august 26, 2020. aps used the proceeds to repay existing indebtedness. borrowings under the agreement bear interest at london inter-bank offered rate ("libor") plus 0.50% per annum.
on february 28, 2019, aps issued $300 million of 4.25% unsecured senior notes that mature on march 1, 2049. the net proceeds from the sale, together with funds made available from the term loan described above, were used to repay existing indebtedness.
on march 1, 2019, aps repaid at maturity $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 8.75% senior notes.
on august 19, 2019, aps issued $300 million of 2.6% unsecured senior notes that mature on august 15, 2029. the net proceeds from the sale were used to repay short-term indebtedness, consisting of commercial paper borrowings, and to replenish cash used to fund capital expenditures.
on november 20, 2019, aps issued $300 million of 3.5% unsecured senior notes that mature on december 1, 2049. the net proceeds from the sale were used to repay short-term indebtedness, consisting of commercial paper borrowings, to replenish cash used to fund capital expenditures, and to redeem, on december 30, 2019, $100 million of the $250 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.2% notes due january 15, 2020.
on january 15, 2020, aps repaid at maturity the remaining $150 million of the $250 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.2% senior notes mentioned above.
available credit facilities. pinnacle west and aps maintain committed revolving credit facilities in order to enhance liquidity and provide credit support for their commercial paper.
on may 9, 2019, pinnacle west entered into a $50 million term loan agreement that matures may 7, 2020. pinnacle west used the proceeds to refinance indebtedness under and terminate a prior $150 million revolving credit facility. borrowings under the agreement bear interest at libor plus 0.55% per annum. at december 31, 2019, pinnacle west had $38 million in outstanding borrowings under the agreement.
at december 31, 2019, pinnacle west had a $200 million revolving credit facility that matures in july 2023. pinnacle west has the option to increase the amount of the facility up to a maximum of $300 million upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and with the consent of the lenders. interest rates are based on pinnacle west's senior unsecured debt credit ratings. the facility is available to support pinnacle west's $200 million commercial paper program, for bank borrowings or for issuances of letters of credits. at december 31, 2019, pinnacle west had no outstanding borrowings under its credit facility, no letters of credit outstanding and $77 million of commercial paper borrowings.
at december 31, 2019, aps had two revolving credit facilities totaling $1 billion, including a $500 million credit facility that matures in june 2022 and a $500 million facility that matures in july 2023. aps may increase the amount of each facility up to a maximum of $700 million, for a total of $1.4 billion, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and with the consent of the lenders.  interest rates are based on aps's senior unsecured debt credit ratings. these facilities are available to support aps's $500 million commercial paper program, for bank borrowings or for issuances of letters of credit.  at december 31, 2019, aps had no commercial paper outstanding and no outstanding borrowings or letters of credit under its revolving credit facilities. see "financial assurances" in note 11 for a discussion of aps's other outstanding letters of credit.
other financing matters.  see note 17 for information related to the change in our margin and collateral accounts.
debt provisions pinnacle west's and aps's debt covenants related to their respective bank financing arrangements include maximum debt to capitalization ratios.  pinnacle west and aps comply with these covenants.  for both pinnacle west and aps, these covenants require that the ratio of consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization not exceed 65%.  at december 31, 2019, the ratio was approximately 52% for pinnacle west and 47% for aps.  failure to comply with such covenant levels would result in an event of default which, generally speaking, would require the immediate repayment of the debt subject to the covenants and could "cross-default" other debt.  see further discussion of "cross-default" provisions below.
neither pinnacle west's nor aps's financing agreements contain "rating triggers" that would result in an acceleration of the required interest and principal payments in the event of a rating downgrade.  however, our bank credit agreements contain a pricing grid in which the interest rates we pay for borrowings thereunder are determined by our current credit ratings.
all of pinnacle west's loan agreements contain "cross-default" provisions that would result in defaults and the potential acceleration of payment under these loan agreements if pinnacle west or aps were to default under certain other material agreements.  all of aps's bank agreements contain "cross-default" provisions that would result in defaults and the potential acceleration of payment under these bank agreements if aps were to default under certain other material agreements.  pinnacle west and aps do not have a material adverse change restriction for credit facility borrowings.
see note 7 for further discussions of liquidity matters.
credit ratings the ratings of securities of pinnacle west and aps as of february 14, 2020 are shown below.  we are disclosing these credit ratings to enhance understanding of our cost of short-term and long-term capital and our ability to access the markets for liquidity and long-term debt.  the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies, from which an explanation of the significance of their ratings may be obtained.  there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time.  the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant.  any downward revision or withdrawal may adversely affect the market price of pinnacle west's or aps's securities and/or result in an increase in the cost of, or limit access to, capital.  such revisions may also result in substantial additional cash or other collateral requirements related to certain derivative instruments, insurance policies, natural gas transportation, fuel supply, and other energy-related contracts.  at this time, we believe we have sufficient available liquidity resources to respond to a downward revision to our credit ratings.
moody's    standard &amp; poor's   fitch pinnacle west corporate credit rating   a3         a-                      a-
senior unsecured          a3         bbb+                    a-
commercial paper          p-2        a-2                     f2
outlook                   negative   stable                  negative aps corporate credit rating   a2         a-                      a-
senior unsecured          a2         a-                      a commercial paper          p-1        a-2                     f2
outlook                   negative   stable                  negative off-balance sheet arrangements see note 19 for a discussion of the impacts on our financial statements of consolidating certain vies.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes pinnacle west's consolidated contractual requirements as of december 31, 2019 (dollars in millions):
2020                                                                            2021-               2023-            thereafter               total
2022                2024
long-term debt payments, including interest: (a)
aps                                                      $554                $398                $757              $7,405                $9,114
pinnacle west                                             460                   -                   -                   -                   460
total long-term debt payments, including interest       1,014                 398                 757               7,405                 9,574
short-term debt payments, including interest (b)          115                   -                   -                   -                   115
fuel and purchased power commitments (c)                  569               1,217               1,176               5,318                 8,280
renewable energy credits (d)                               36                  66                  58                 133                   293
purchase obligations (e)                                   21                                                         196                   258
coal reclamation                                           17                  33                  37                  88                   175
nuclear decommissioning funding requirements                2                   4                   4                  50                    60
noncontrolling interests (f)                               23                  46                  39                 143                   251
operating lease payments (g)                               15                  20                  10                  39                    84
total contractual commitments                          $1,812              $1,804              $2,102             $13,372               $19,090
(a)   the long-term debt matures at various dates through 2049 and bears interest principally at fixed rates. interest on variable-rate long-term debt is determined by using average rates at december 31, 2019 (see note 7).
(b)   see note 6 for further details.
(c)   our fuel and purchased power commitments include purchases of coal, electricity, natural gas, renewable energy, nuclear fuel, and natural gas transportation (see notes 4 and 11).
(d)   contracts to purchase renewable energy credits in compliance with the res (see note 4).
(e)   these contractual obligations include commitments for capital expenditures and other obligations.
(f)   payments to the noncontrolling interests relate to the palo verde sale leaseback (see note 19).
(g)   commitments relating to purchased power lease contracts are included within the fuel and purchased power commitments line above (see note 9).
this table excludes $43 million in unrecognized tax benefits because the timing of the future cash outflows is uncertain.  estimated minimum required pension contributions are zero for 2020, 2021 and 2022 (see note 8).
critical accounting policies in preparing the financial statements in accordance with gaap, management must often make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures at the date of the financial statements and during the reporting period.  some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and actual results could differ from those estimates.  we consider the following accounting policies to be our most critical because of the uncertainties, judgments and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved.
67
regulatory accounting regulatory accounting allows for the actions of regulators, such as the acc and ferc, to be reflected in our financial statements.  their actions may cause us to capitalize costs that would otherwise be included as an expense in the current period by unregulated companies.  regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because they are probable of future recovery in customer rates.  regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and are refundable to customers. management judgments include continually assessing the likelihood of future recovery of regulatory assets and/or a disallowance of part of the cost of recently completed plant, by considering factors such as applicable regulatory environment changes and recent rate orders to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction.  this determination reflects the current political and regulatory climate in arizona and is subject to change in the future.  if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the assets would be written off as a charge in current period earnings, except for pension benefits, which would be charged to oci and result in lower future earnings.  management judgments also include assessing the impact of potential acc or ferc commission-ordered refunds to customers on regulatory liabilities. we had $1,507 million of regulatory assets and $2,503 million of regulatory liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2019.
see notes 1 and 4 for more information.
pensions and other postretirement benefit accounting changes in our actuarial assumptions used in calculating our pension and other postretirement benefit liability and expense can have a significant impact on our earnings and financial position.  the most relevant actuarial assumptions are the discount rate used to measure our liability and net periodic cost, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to estimate earnings on invested funds over the long-term, the mortality assumptions, and the assumed healthcare cost trend rates.  we review these assumptions on an annual basis and adjust them as necessary.
the following chart reflects the sensitivities that a change in certain actuarial assumptions would have had on the december 31, 2019 reported pension liability on the consolidated balance sheets and our 2019 reported pension expense, after consideration of amounts capitalized or billed to electric plant participants, on pinnacle west's consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
increase (decrease)
actuarial assumption (a)                                impact onpensionliability                 impact onpensionexpense discount rate:
increase 1%                                             $(388                 )                            $(11   )
decrease 1%                                         471                                                      14
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets:
increase 1%                                             -                                                   (22   )
decrease 1%                                             -                                                    22
(a)   each fluctuation assumes that the other assumptions of the calculation are held constant while the rates are changed by one percentage point.
68
the following chart reflects the sensitivities that a change in certain actuarial assumptions would have had on the december 31, 2019 other postretirement benefit obligation and our 2019 reported other postretirement benefit expense, after consideration of amounts capitalized or billed to electric plant participants, on pinnacle west's consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
increase (decrease)
actuarial assumption (a)                                         impact on otherpostretirement benefitobligation                impact on otherpostretirementbenefit expense discount rate:
increase 1%                                                      $(104                               )                                                  $(1                )
decrease 1%                                                                                    134                                                        5
healthcare cost trend rate (b):
increase 1%                                                                                    124                                                        9
decrease 1%                                                      (98                                 )                                                   (4                )
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets - pretax:
increase 1%                                                      -                                                                                       (4                )
decrease 1%                                                      -                                                                                        4
(a)   each fluctuation assumes that the other assumptions of the calculation are held constant while the rates are changed by one percentage point.
(b)   this assumes a 1% change in the initial and ultimate healthcare cost trend rate.
see note 8 for further details about our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
fair value measurements we account for derivative instruments, investments held in our nuclear decommissioning trust fund, investments held in our other special use funds, certain cash equivalents, and plan assets held in our retirement and other benefit plans at fair value on a recurring basis.  fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  we use inputs, or assumptions that market participants would use, to determine fair market value. we utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  the significance of a particular input determines how the instrument is classified in a fair value hierarchy.  the determination of fair value sometimes requires subjective and complex judgment.  our assessment of the inputs and the significance of a particular input to fair value measurement may affect the valuation of the instruments and their placement within a fair value hierarchy.  actual results could differ from our estimates of fair value.  see note 1 for a discussion of accounting policies and note 14 for fair value measurement disclosures.
asset retirement obligations we recognize an aro for the future decommissioning or retirement of our tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists. the aro liability represents an estimate of the fair value of the current obligation related to decommissioning and the retirement of those assets. aro measurements inherently involve uncertainty in the amount and timing of settlement of the liability. we use an expected cash flow approach to measure the amount we recognize as an aro. this approach applies probability weighting to discounted future cash flow scenarios that reflect a range of possible outcomes. the scenarios consider settlement of the aro at the expiration of the asset's current license or lease term and expected decommissioning dates. the fair value of an aro is recognized in the period in which it is incurred. the associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying value of the long-lived asset and are depreciated over the life of the related assets. in addition, we accrete the aro liability to reflect the passage of time. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the amount of the recorded aro for these assets. in accordance with gaap accounting, aps accrues removal costs for its regulated utility assets, even if there is no legal obligation for removal.
aros as of december 31, 2019 are described further in note 12.
other accounting matters on january 1, 2019, we adopted new lease accounting guidance, asu 2016-02, and related amendments. on july 1, 2019, we early adopted asu 2018-15, relating to accounting for cloud computing implementation costs. on january 1, 2020, we adopted asu 2016-13 and related amendments, relating to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. see note 3 for additional information related to new accounting standards.
market and credit risks market risks our operations include managing market risks related to changes in interest rates, commodity prices and investments held by our nuclear decommissioning trust, other special use funds and benefit plan assets.
interest rate and equity risk we have exposure to changing interest rates.  changing interest rates will affect interest paid on variable-rate debt and the market value of fixed income securities held by our nuclear decommissioning trust, other special use funds (see note 14 and note 20), and benefit plan assets.  the nuclear decommissioning trust, other special use funds and benefit plan assets also have risks associated with the changing market value of their equity and other non-fixed income investments.  nuclear decommissioning and benefit plan costs are recovered in regulated electricity prices.
the tables below present contractual balances of our consolidated long-term and short-term debt at the expected maturity dates, as well as the fair value of those instruments on december 31, 2019 and 2018.  the interest rates presented in the tables below represent the weighted-average interest rates as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 (dollars in millions):
pinnacle west - consolidated short-termdebt                         variable-ratelong-term debt                    fixed-ratelong-term debt interest                               interest                                       interest
2019        rates              amount              rates                amount                    rates                amount
2020   2.06        %           $115                2.16   %             $350                      2.23   %             $450
2021        -                  -                   -                    -                         -                    -
2022        -                  -                   -                    -                         -                    -
2023        -                  -                   -                    -                         -                    -
2024        -                  -                   -                    -                         3.78   %      365
years thereafter        -                  -                   1.54   %      36                               4.12   %             4,475
total                           $115                                     $386                                           $5,290
fair value                           $115                                     $386                                           $5,808
short-termdebt                         variable-ratelong-term debt                    fixed-ratelong-term debt interest                               interest                                       interest
2018        rates              amount              rates                amount                    rates                amount
2019   2.99        %           $76                 -                    $-                        8.75   %             $500
2020        -                  -                   3.02   %                     150               2.23   %      550
2021        -                  -                   -                    -                         -                    -
2022        -                  -                   -                    -                         -                    -
2023        -                  -                   -                    -                         -                    -
years thereafter        -                  -                   1.76   %                      36               4.25   %             3,940
total                           $76                                      $186                                           $4,990
fair value                           $76                                      $186                                           $5,048
71
the tables below present contractual balances of aps's long-term and short-term debt at the expected maturity dates, as well as the fair value of those instruments on december 31, 2019 and 2018.  the interest rates presented in the tables below represent the weighted-average interest rates as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 (dollars in millions):
aps - consolidated variable-ratelong-term debt                    fixed-ratelong-term debt interest                                       interest
2019        rates                amount                    rates                amount
2020        2.12   %             $200                      2.20   %             $150
2021        -                    -                         -                    -
2022        -                    -                         -                    -
2023        -                    -                         -                    -
2024        -                    -                         3.78   %      365
years thereafter        1.54   %      36                               4.12   %             4,475
total                             $236                                           $4,990
fair value                             $236                                           $5,508
variable-ratelong-term debt                    fixed-ratelong-term debt interest                                       interest
2018        rates                amount                    rates                amount
2019        -                    $-                        8.75   %             $500
2020        -                    -                         2.20   %      250
2021        -                    -                         -                    -
2022        -                    -                         -                    -
2023        -                    -                         -                    -
years thereafter   1.76        %      36                               4.25   %             3,940
total                             $36                                            $4,690
fair value                             $36                                            $4,754
commodity price risk we are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the commodity price and transportation costs of electricity and natural gas.  our risk management committee, consisting of officers and key management personnel, oversees company-wide energy risk management activities to ensure compliance with our stated energy risk management policies.  we manage risks associated with these market fluctuations by utilizing various commodity instruments that may qualify as derivatives, including futures, forwards, options and swaps.  as part of our risk management program, we use such instruments to hedge purchases and sales of electricity and fuels.  the changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to price changes in the hedged commodities.
72
the following table shows the net pretax changes in mark-to-market of our derivative positions in 2019 and 2018 (dollars in millions):
2019                                                                            2018
mark-to-market of net positions at beginning of year   $(58      )       $(91      )
decrease (increase) in regulatory asset                (15       )            31
recognized in oci:
mark-to-market losses realized during the period       2                       2
change in valuation techniques                         -                 -
mark-to-market of net positions at end of year         $(71      )       $(58      )
the table below shows the fair value of maturities of our derivative contracts (dollars in millions) at december 31, 2019 by maturities and by the type of valuation that is performed to calculate the fair values, classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  see note 1, "derivative accounting" and "fair value measurements," for more discussion of our valuation methods.
source of fair value                                   2020              2021              2022              2023            2024            total fair value observable prices provided by other external sources       $(36      )       $(17      )       $(10      )       $(4     )       $-          $(67            )
prices based on unobservable inputs                        (2        )       -                 -                 -               (2      )   (4              )
total by maturity                                          $(38      )       $(17      )       $(10      )       $(4     )       $(2     )   $(71            )
the table below shows the impact that hypothetical price movements of 10% would have on the market value of our risk management assets and liabilities included on pinnacle west's consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2019 and 2018 (dollars in millions):
december 31, 2019gain (loss)                                          december 31, 2018gain (loss)
price up 10%                price down 10%                price up 10%          price down 10%
mark-to-market changes reported in:
regulatory asset (liability) (a)
electricity                           $-                          $-                               $1                 $(1           )
natural gas                           55                          (55           )      44                             (44           )
total                                 $55                         $(55          )                 $45                 $(45          )
(a)   these contracts are economic hedges of our forecasted purchases of natural gas and electricity. the impact of these hypothetical price movements would substantially offset the impact that these same price movements would have on the physical exposures being hedged. to the extent the amounts are eligible for inclusion in the psa, the amounts are recorded as either a regulatory asset or liability.
credit risk we are exposed to losses in the event of non-performance or non-payment by counterparties.  see note 17 for a discussion of our credit valuation adjustment policy.
