item 1a.  risk factors cautionary statement for purposes of the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report contains forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. our forward-looking statements express our current expectations or forecasts of possible future results or events, including projections of earnings and other financial performance measures, statements of management's expectations regarding our plans and objectives and industry, general economic and other forecasts of trends, future dividend payments, share repurchases and other matters. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this filing, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur. you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historic or current facts and often use words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "believe," "will likely result," "outlook," "project," "may," "can," "plan," "target," "potential," "should" and other words and expressions of similar meaning.
no assurance can be given that the expected results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved, and actual results may differ materially due to one or more factors. for these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act.
risk factors certain factors that may affect our business and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement include the following:
the demand for our swimming pool, irrigation, landscape and related outdoor living products may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions.
consumer discretionary spending affects our sales and is impacted by factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions, the residential housing market, unemployment rates and wage levels, interest rate fluctuations, inflation, disposable income levels, consumer confidence and access to credit. in economic downturns, the demand for swimming pool, irrigation, landscape and related outdoor living products may decline, often corresponding with declines in discretionary consumer spending, the growth rate of pool eligible households and swimming pool construction. maintenance and repair products and certain replacement and refurbishment products are required to maintain existing swimming pools, and each currently account for approximately 60% and 25% of net sales related to our swimming pool business; however, the growth in this portion of our business depends on the expansion of the installed pool base and could also be adversely affected by decreases in construction activities, similar to the trends between late 2006 and early 2010. a weak economy may also cause consumers to defer discretionary replacement and refurbishment activity. even in generally favorable economic conditions, severe and/or prolonged downturns in the housing market could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance. such downturns expose us to certain additional risks, including but not limited to the risk of customer closures or bankruptcies, which could shrink our potential customer base and inhibit our ability to collect on those customers' receivables.
we believe that homeowners' access to consumer credit is a critical factor enabling the purchase of new pools, irrigation systems and outdoor living products. between late 2006 and early 2010, the unfavorable economic conditions and downturn in the housing market resulted in significant tightening of credit markets, which limited the ability of consumers to access financing for new swimming pools and irrigation systems. although we have seen improvement since 2010, tightening consumer credit could prevent consumers from obtaining financing for pool, irrigation and related outdoor projects, which could negatively impact our sales of construction-related products.
we are susceptible to adverse weather conditions.
given the nature of our business, weather is one of the principal external factors affecting our business and the effect of seasonality has a significant impact on our results. in 2019, we generated approximately 63% of our net sales and 81% of our operating income in the second and third quarters of the year. these quarters represent the peak months of swimming pool use, pool and irrigation installation and remodeling and repair activities. unseasonably late warming trends in the spring or early cooling trends in the fall can shorten the length of the pool season. also, unseasonably cool weather or extraordinary rainfall during the peak season can have an adverse impact on demand due to decreased swimming pool use, installation and maintenance, as well as decreased irrigation installations. while warmer weather conditions favorably impact our sales, global warming trends and other significant climate changes can create more variability in the short term or lead to other unfavorable weather conditions that could adversely impact our sales or operations. drought conditions or water management initiatives may lead to municipal ordinances related to water use restrictions. such restrictions could result in decreased pool and irrigation system installations which could negatively impact our sales.
certain extreme weather events, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, may impact our ability to deliver our services or cause damage to our facilities. as a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
for a discussion regarding seasonality and weather, see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - seasonality and quarterly fluctuations," of this form 10-k.
our distribution business is highly dependent on our ability to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers.
as a distribution company, maintaining favorable relationships with our suppliers is critical to our success. we believe that we add considerable value to the swimming pool and irrigation supply chains by purchasing products from a large number of manufacturers and distributing the products to a highly fragmented customer base on conditions that are more favorable than these customers could obtain on their own. we believe that we currently enjoy good relationships with our suppliers, who generally offer us competitive pricing, return policies and promotional allowances. however, any failure to maintain favorable relationships with our suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business.
our largest suppliers are pentair plc, hayward pool products, inc. and zodiac pool systems, inc., which accounted for approximately 20%, 9% and 8%, respectively, of the costs of products we sold in 2019. a decision by our largest suppliers, acting individually or in concert, to sell their products directly to retailers or other end users of their products, bypassing distribution companies like ours, would have an adverse effect on our business. additionally, if our suppliers experience difficulties or disruptions in their operations or if we lose a single significant supplier due to financial failure or a decision to sell exclusively to retailers or end-use consumers, we may experience increased supply costs or may experience delays in establishing replacement supply sources that meet our quality and control standards.
we depend on a global network of suppliers to source our products, including our own branded products and products we have exclusive distribution rights to. product quality, warranty claims or safety concerns could negatively impact our sales and expose us to litigation.
we rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with the products we distribute. as we increase the number of pool corporation and pool systems pty. ltd. branded products we distribute, our exposure to potential liability claims may increase. product and service quality issues could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our business. if our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns, including health-related concerns, could expose us to litigation, as well as government enforcement actions, and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities.
we face intense competition both from within our industry and from other leisure product alternatives.
within our industry, we directly compete against various regional and local distributors as they compete against our customers for the business of pool owners and other end-use customers. we indirectly compete against mass market retailers and large pool or irrigation supply retailers as they purchase the great majority of their needs directly from manufacturers, and to a lesser extent with internet retailers, as they purchase the majority of their needs from distributors. outside of our industry, we compete indirectly with alternative suppliers of big ticket consumer discretionary products, such as boat and motor home distributors, and with other companies who rely on discretionary homeowner expenditures, such as home remodelers. new competitors may emerge as there are low barriers to entry in our industry, which has led to highly competitive markets consisting of various-sized entities, ranging from small or local operators to large regional businesses. given the density and demand for pool products, some geographic markets that we serve also tend to have a higher concentration of competitors than others, particularly california, texas, florida and arizona. these states encompass our four largest markets and represented approximately 52% of our net sales in 2019.
more aggressive competition by store- and internet-based mass merchants and large pool or irrigation supply retailers could adversely affect our sales.
mass market retailers today carry a limited range of, and devote a limited amount of shelf space to, merchandise and products targeted to our industry. historically, mass market retailers have generally expanded by adding new stores and product breadth, but their product offering of pool and irrigation related products has remained relatively constant. should store‐ and internet-based mass market retailers increase their focus on the pool or irrigation industries, or increase the breadth of their pool and irrigation and related product offerings, they may become a more significant competitor for our direct customers and end-use consumers, which could have an adverse impact on our business. we may face additional competitive pressures if large pool or irrigation supply retailers look to expand their customer base to compete more directly within the distribution channel.
we depend on our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel.
we consider our employees to be the foundation for our growth and success. as such, our future success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. this includes succession planning related to our executive officers and key management personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our operating results could be adversely affected.
past growth may not be indicative of future growth.
historically, we have experienced substantial sales growth through organic market share gains, new sales center openings and acquisitions that have increased our size, scope and geographic distribution. our various business strategies and initiatives, including our growth initiatives, are subject to business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. while we contemplate continued growth through internal expansion and acquisitions, no assurance can be made as to our ability to:
•penetrate new markets;
•generate sufficient cash flows to support expansion plans and general operating activities;
•obtain financing;
•identify appropriate acquisition candidates and successfully integrate acquired businesses;
•maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships; and
•identify and divest assets which do not continue to create value consistent with our objectives.
if we do not manage these potential difficulties successfully, our operating results could be adversely affected.
the nature of our business subjects us to compliance with employment, environmental, health, transportation, safety and other governmental regulations.
we are subject to regulation under federal, state, local and international employment, environmental, health, transportation and safety requirements, which govern such things as packaging, labeling, handling, transportation, storage and sale of chemicals and fertilizers. for example, we sell algaecides and pest control products that are regulated as pesticides under the federal insecticide, fungicide and rodenticide act and various state pesticide laws. these laws primarily relate to labeling, annual registration and licensing.
management has processes in place to facilitate and support our compliance with these requirements. however, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in investigations, the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal fines, damages, seizures, disgorgements, penalties or the imposition of injunctive relief. moreover, compliance with such laws and regulations in the future could prove to be costly. although we presently do not expect to incur any capital or other expenditures relating to regulatory matters in amounts that may be material to us, we may be required to make such expenditures in the future. these laws and regulations have changed substantially and rapidly over the last 25 years and we anticipate that there will be continuing changes.
the clear trend in environmental, health, transportation and safety regulations is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that impact the environment, such as the use and handling of chemicals. increasingly, strict restrictions and limitations have resulted in higher operating costs for us and it is possible that the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations will continue to increase. our attempts to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and our plans to remain in compliance with changing regulations and to minimize the costs of such compliance may not be as effective as we anticipate.
we store chemicals, fertilizers and other combustible materials that involve fire, safety and casualty risks.
we store chemicals and fertilizers, including certain combustibles and oxidizing compounds, at our sales centers. a fire, explosion or flood affecting one of our facilities could give rise to fire, safety and casualty losses and related liability claims. we maintain what we believe is prudent insurance protection. however, we cannot guarantee that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover future claims that may arise or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider reasonable. successful claims for which we are not fully insured may adversely affect our working capital and profitability. in addition, changes in the insurance industry have generally led to higher insurance costs and decreased availability of coverage.
we conduct business internationally, which exposes us to additional risks.
our ability to successfully conduct operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our u.s. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. our international operations, which accounted for 9% of our total net sales in 2019, expose us to certain additional risks, including:
•difficulty in staffing international subsidiary operations;
•different political economic and regulatory conditions;
•local laws and customs;
•currency fluctuations;
•adverse tax consequences; and
•dependence on other economies.
for foreign-sourced products, we may be subject to certain trade restrictions that would prevent us from obtaining products. there is also a greater risk that we may not be able to access products in a timely and efficient manner. fluctuations in other factors relating to international trade, such as tariffs, transportation costs and inflation are additional risks for our international operations.
changes in tax laws and accounting standards related to tax matters have caused, and may in the future cause, fluctuations in our effective tax rate.
taxation and tax policy changes, tax rate changes, new tax laws, revised tax law interpretations and changes in accounting standards and guidance related to tax matters may cause fluctuations in our effective tax rate. our effective tax rate may also be impacted by changes in the geographic mix of our earnings.
in the first quarter of 2017, we adopted accounting standards update (asu) 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, on a prospective basis. our projections of financial statement impacts related to asu 2016-09 are subject to several assumptions which can vary significantly, including our estimated share price and the period that our employees will exercise vested stock options. excess tax benefits or deficiencies recognized under asu 2016-09 vary from quarter to quarter and past results may not be indicative of future results.
we rely on information technology systems to support our business operations. a significant disturbance or breach of our technological infrastructure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, failure to maintain the security of confidential information could damage our reputation and expose us to litigation.
information technology supports several aspects of our business, including among others, product sourcing, pricing, customer service, transaction processing, financial reporting, collections and cost management.  our ability to operate effectively on a day-to-day basis and accurately report our results depends on a solid technological infrastructure, which is inherently susceptible to internal and external threats. we are vulnerable to interruption by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunication failures, internet failures, security breaches and other catastrophic events. exposure to various types of cyber-attacks such as malware, computer viruses, worms or other malicious acts, as well as human error, could also potentially disrupt our operations or result in a significant interruption in the delivery of our goods and services.
advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology and other discoveries increase the complexity of our technological environment, including how each interact with our various software platforms. such advances could delay or hinder our ability to process transactions or could compromise the integrity of our data, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. we also may experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our information systems unavailable or slow to respond, including the interaction of our information systems with those of third parties. a lack of sophistication or reliability of our information systems could adversely impact our operations and customer service and could require major repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs and foregone revenue.
our numerous procedures and protocols designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks (including processes to timely notify appropriate personnel for assessment and resolution and company-wide training programs), our investments in information technology security and our updates to our business continuity plan may not prevent or effectively mitigate adverse consequences from cybersecurity risks. the failure to maintain security over and prevent unauthorized access to our data, our customers' personal information, including credit card information, or data belonging to our suppliers, could put us at a competitive disadvantage. such a breach could result in damage to our reputation and subject us to potential litigation, liability, fines and penalties, resulting in a possible material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may be adversely affected by changes in libor reporting practices or the method in which libor is determined.
borrowings under our unsecured syndicated senior credit facility, term facility, accounts receivable securitization facility and our derivatives instruments are indexed to the london inter-bank offering rate ("libor"). in july 2017, the financial conduct authority (the regulatory authority over libor) stated they will plan for a phase out of regulatory oversight of libor after 2021 to allow for an orderly transition to an alternative reference rate. although the full impact of the transition away from libor, including the discontinuance of libor publication and the adoption of a replacement rate for libor, remains unclear, these changes may have an adverse impact on our financing costs and any floating rate indebtedness we may incur.
a terrorist attack or the threat of a terrorist attack could have a material adverse effect on our business.
discretionary spending on leisure product offerings such as ours is generally adversely affected during times of economic or political uncertainty. the potential for terrorist attacks, the national and international responses to terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility could create these types of uncertainties and negatively impact our business for the short or long term in ways that cannot presently be predicted.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a discussion of our base business calculations, see the results of operations section below.
2019 financial overview financial results we achieved favorable results in 2019 despite inclement weather throughout much of the first half of the year. our focus on market share gains and capacity creation allowed us to capitalize on our competitive advantages and deliver solid results.
net sales increased 7% to a record high of $3.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to $3.0 billion in 2018. base business sales increased 5%, driven by our continued expansion in commercial and building material products as well as healthy demand for discretionary products, such as construction materials and products used in the remodel and replacement of in-ground pools.
gross profit reached a record $924.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, a 6% increase over gross profit of $870.2 million in 2018. gross margin was relatively flat year-over-year at 28.9% in 2019 compared to 29.0% in 2018, with base business gross margin at 29.0% in both years.
selling and administrative expenses (operating expenses) increased 5% to $583.7 million in 2019, up from $556.3 million in 2018, with base business operating expenses up 3% over 2018. the increase in base business operating expenses was primarily attributable to higher growth-driven labor and freight expenses, as well as greater facility-related costs.
operating income for the year increased 9% to $341.2 million, up from $313.9 million in 2018. operating margin increased to 10.7% in 2019 compared to 10.5% in 2018, while base business operating margin improved 40 basis points to 10.9% in 2019.
we recorded a $23.5 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, benefit from accounting standards update (asu) 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to a benefit of $15.3 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, realized in 2018.
net income increased 12% to a record $261.6 million in 2019 compared to $234.5 million in 2018. earnings per share increased 14% to a record $6.40 per diluted share compared to $5.62 per diluted share in 2018. excluding the impact from asu 2016-09 in both periods, earnings per diluted share increased 11% to $5.83 in 2019 compared to $5.26 in 2018.
financial position and liquidity cash provided by operations was $298.8 million in 2019, which helped fund the following initiatives:
•quarterly cash dividend payments to shareholders, totaling $83.8 million for the year;
•net capital expenditures of $33.4 million;
•share repurchases, totaling $23.2 million for the year;
•growth in net working capital of $14.2 million; and
•payments of $8.9 million for acquisitions.
total net receivables, including pledged receivables, increased 9% compared to december 31, 2018, reflective of december sales growth. our allowance for doubtful accounts was $5.5 million at december 31, 2019 and $6.2 million at december 31, 2018. our days sales outstanding ratio, as calculated on a trailing four quarters basis, was 29.0 days at december 31, 2019 and 30.1 days at december 31, 2018.
inventory levels grew 4% to $702.3 million at december 31, 2019 compared to $672.6 million at december 31, 2018, reflecting normal business growth and inventory from acquired businesses of $10.3 million. our reserve for inventory obsolescence was $9.0 million at december 31, 2019 compared to $7.7 million at december 31, 2018. our inventory turns, as calculated on a trailing four quarters basis, were 3.2 times at both december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018.
total debt outstanding of $511.4 million at december 31, 2019 decreased $155.4 million, or 23%, compared to december 31, 2018.
current trends and outlook market conditions were generally favorable in 2019 tempered by unfavorable weather, which weighed on our results in the first half of 2019. we expect similar favorable market conditions to persist into 2020 and beyond, buoyed by a number of factors.
the post-recession market environment from 2010 to 2019 has been characterized by steady economic expansion, the cautious recovery of consumer spending, modest housing recovery and low inflation. however, in terms of homeowners investing in their existing homes, discretionary expenditures, including backyard renovations, have flourished over this time period with steady increases in home values and lack of affordable new homes prompting homeowners to stay in their homes longer and upgrade their home environments, including their backyard. we expect that new pool and irrigation construction levels will continue to grow incrementally, constrained by availability of construction labor, but we believe that consumer investments in outdoor living spaces beyond the swimming pool will generate continued growth over the next several years.
although some constraints exist around residential construction activities, we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of both the market expansion and the inherent long term growth opportunities in our industry. additionally, recent regulation passed by the u.s. department of energy mandates all new and replacement motors and pumps for swimming pools must be variable speed by july 2021. this mandate, coupled with additional product developments and technological advancements, offers further growth opportunities over the next few years.
while we estimate that new pool construction was approximately 80,000 new units in 2019, construction levels are still down approximately 65% compared to peak historical levels and down approximately 50% from what we consider normal levels. favorable weather plays a role in industry growth by accelerating growth in any given year, expanding the number of available construction days, extending the pool season and pool usage and positively impacting demand for discretionary products. conversely, unfavorable weather impedes growth. wetter and cooler-than-normal temperatures throughout the first half of 2019 delayed pool openings and led to lower construction and remodeling activity, although the latter half of the year benefited from relatively normalized weather patterns. in establishing our outlook each year, we base our growth assumptions on normal weather conditions and do not incorporate alternative weather predictions into our guidance.
we established our initial outlook for 2020 based on reasonable expectations of organic market share growth, ongoing leverage of existing investments in our business and continuous process improvements. for 2020, we expect the macroeconomic environment in the united states will be quite similar to 2019. we expect to continue to gain market share through our comprehensive service and product offerings, which we continually diversify through internal sourcing initiatives and expansion into new markets. we also plan to broaden our geographic presence by opening 8 to 10 new sales centers in 2020 and by making selective acquisitions when appropriate opportunities arise.
the following summarizes our outlook for 2020:
•we expect sales growth of 6% to 8%, impacted by the following factors and assumptions:
◦normal weather patterns for 2020, which would result in greater sales growth in the first half of the year than in the second half;
◦continued growth from replacement, remodeling and construction activity and market expansion through newer product and service offerings such as hardscapes and commercial pools;
◦inflationary product cost increases of approximately 1% to 2%; and
◦market share gains.
•we expect relatively neutral gross margin trends for the full year with lower gross margin growth in the first half of 2020 compared to 2019, which benefited from strategic inventory purchases we made in the latter half of 2018, and modestly positive gross margin growth in the second half of the year.
•we expect operating expenses will grow at approximately 60% of the rate of our gross profit growth, reflecting inflationary increases and incremental costs to support our sales growth expectations, with greater growth in the first half of the year and more modest growth in the back half. the main challenges in achieving this metric include managing people and facility costs in tight labor and real estate markets. however, we continue to see significant opportunity to leverage our existing infrastructure to achieve this goal.
in 2020, we expect our effective tax rate will approximate 25.5%, excluding the impact of asu 2016-09. our effective tax rate is dependent upon our results of operations and may change if actual results are different from our current expectation. due to asu 2016-09 requirements, we expect our effective tax rate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, particularly in periods when employees elect to exercise their vested stock options or when restrictions on share-based awards lapse. based on our december 31, 2019 stock price, we estimate that we have approximately $2.3 million in unrealized excess tax benefits related to stock options that expire and restricted awards that will vest in the first quarter of 2020. we may recognize additional tax benefits related to stock option exercises in 2020 from grants that expire in years after 2020, for which we have not included any expected benefits in our guidance. the estimated impact related to asu 2016-09 is subject to several assumptions which can vary significantly, including our estimated share price and the period that our employees will exercise vested stock options. we recorded a $23.5 million benefit in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019 related to asu 2016-09.
we project that 2020 earnings will be in the range of $6.47 to $6.77 per diluted share, including an estimated $0.06 benefit from asu 2016-09 during the first quarter of 2020. we expect cash provided by operations will approximate net income for fiscal 2020, and we anticipate that we will use $150.0 million to $200.0 million in cash for share repurchases.
the forward-looking statements in this current trends and outlook section are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the sensitivity of our business to weather conditions, changes in the economy and the housing market, our ability to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers and manufacturers, competition from other leisure product alternatives and mass merchants and other risks detailed in item 1a of this form 10-k. also see "cautionary statement for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995" prior to the heading "risk factors" in item 1a.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management identifies critical accounting estimates as:
•those that require the use of assumptions about matters that are inherently and highly uncertain at the time the estimates are made; and
•those for which changes in the estimates or assumptions, or the use of different estimates and assumptions, could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board. we believe the following critical accounting estimates require us to make the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments.
allowance for doubtful accounts we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts based on an estimate of the losses we will incur if our customers do not make required payments. we perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers and typically do not require collateral. consistent with industry practices, we generally require payment from our north american customers within 30 days, except for sales under early buy programs for which we provide extended payment terms to qualified customers. the extended terms usually require payments in equal installments in april, may and june or may and june, depending on geographic location. credit losses have generally been within or better than our expectations.
similar to our business, our customers' businesses are seasonal. sales are lowest in the winter months and our past due accounts receivable balance as a percentage of total receivables generally increases during this time. we provide reserves for uncollectible accounts based on our accounts receivable aging. these reserves range from 0.05% for amounts currently due to up to 100% for specific accounts more than 60 days past due.
at the end of each quarter, we perform a reserve analysis of all accounts with balances greater than $20,000 and more than 60 days past due. additionally, we perform a separate reserve analysis on the balance of our accounts receivables with emphasis on past due accounts. as we review these past due accounts, we evaluate collectability based on a combination of factors, including:
•aging statistics and trends;
•customer payment history;
•independent credit reports; and
•discussions with customers.
during the year, we write off account balances when we have exhausted reasonable collection efforts and determined that the likelihood of collection is remote. these write-offs are charged against our allowance for doubtful accounts. in the past five years, write-offs have averaged approximately 0.07% of net sales annually.  write-offs as a percentage of net sales approximated 0.12% in 2019, 0.07% in 2018 and 0.05% in 2017. we expect that write-offs will range from 0.05% to 0.10% of net sales in 2020.
at the end of each fiscal year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing the prior year-end allowance for doubtful accounts balance to (i) current year write-offs and (ii) any significantly aged outstanding receivable balances. based on our hindsight analysis, we concluded that the prior year allowance was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if the balance of the accounts receivable reserve increased or decreased by 20% at december 31, 2019, pretax income would change by approximately $1.1 million and earnings per share would change by approximately $0.02 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended december 31, 2019).
inventory obsolescence product inventories represent the largest asset on our balance sheet. our goal is to manage our inventory such that we minimize stock-outs to provide the highest level of service to our customers. to do this, we maintain at each sales center an adequate inventory of stock keeping units (skus) with the highest sales volumes. at the same time, we continuously strive to better manage our slower moving classes of inventory, which are not as critical to our customers and thus, inherently turn at slower rates.
we classify products into 13 classes at the sales center level based on sales at each location over the expected sellable period, which is the previous 12 months for most products. all inventory is included in these classes, except for special order non-stock items that lack a sku in our system and products with less than 12 months of usage. the table below presents a description of these inventory classes:
class 0              new products with less than 12 months usage classes 1-4          highest sales value items, which represent approximately 80% of net sales at the sales center classes 5-12         lower sales value items, which we keep in stock to provide a high level of customer service class 13             products with no sales for the past 12 months at the local sales center level, excluding special order products not yet delivered to the customer null class           non-stock special order items there is little risk of obsolescence for products in classes 1-4 because products in these classes generally turn quickly. we establish our reserve for inventory obsolescence based on inventory classes 5-13, which we believe represent some exposure to inventory obsolescence, with particular emphasis on skus with the least sales over the previous 12 months. the reserve is intended to reflect the value of inventory at net realizable value. we provide a reserve of 5% for inventory in classes 5-13 and non-stock inventory as determined at the sales center level. we also provide an additional 5% reserve for excess inventory in classes 5-12 and an additional 45% reserve for excess inventory in class 13. we determine excess inventory, which is defined as the amount of inventory on hand in excess of the previous 12 months' usage, on a company-wide basis.  we also evaluate whether the calculated reserve provides sufficient coverage of the total class 13 inventory.
in evaluating the adequacy of our reserve for inventory obsolescence, we consider a combination of factors, including:
•the level of inventory in relation to historical sales by product, including inventory usage by class based on product sales at both the sales center level and on a company-wide basis;
•changes in customer preferences or regulatory requirements;
•seasonal fluctuations in inventory levels;
•geographic location; and
•superseded products and new product offerings.
we periodically adjust our reserve for inventory obsolescence as changes occur in the above-identified factors. at the end of each fiscal year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing the prior year-end obsolescence reserve balance to (i) current year inventory write-offs and (ii) the value of products with no sales for the past 12 months that remain in inventory. based on our hindsight analysis, we concluded that our prior year reserve was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if the balance of our inventory reserve increased or decreased by 20% at december 31, 2019, pretax income would change by approximately $1.8 million and earnings per share would change by approximately $0.03 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended december 31, 2019).
vendor programs many of our vendor arrangements provide for us to receive specified amounts of consideration when we achieve any of a number of measures.  these measures generally relate to the volume level of purchases from our vendors, or our net cost of products sold, and may include negotiated pricing arrangements.  we account for vendor programs as a reduction of the prices of the vendor's products and therefore a reduction of inventory until we sell the product, at which time we recognize such consideration as a reduction of cost of sales in our income statement.
throughout the year, we estimate the amount earned based on our expectation of total purchases for the fiscal year relative to the purchase levels that mark our progress toward the attainment of various levels within certain vendor programs. we accrue vendor program benefits on a monthly basis using these estimates provided that we determine they are probable and reasonably estimable. our estimates for annual purchases, future inventory levels and sales of qualifying products are driven by our sales projections, which can be significantly impacted by a number of external factors including changes in economic conditions and weather.  changes in our purchasing mix also impact our estimates, as certain program rates can vary depending on our volume of purchases from specific vendors.
we continually revise these estimates throughout the year to reflect actual purchase levels and identifiable trends. as a result, our estimated quarterly vendor program benefits accrual may include cumulative catch-up adjustments to reflect any changes in our estimates between reporting periods. these adjustments tend to have a greater impact on gross margin in the fourth quarter since it is our seasonally slowest quarter and because the majority of our vendor arrangements are based on calendar year periods. we update our estimates for these arrangements at year end to reflect actual annual purchase levels. in the first quarter of the subsequent year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing actual vendor credits received to the prior year vendor receivable balances. based on our hindsight analysis, we concluded that our vendor program estimates were within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if market conditions were to change, vendors may change the terms of some or all of these programs. although such changes would not affect the amounts we have recorded related to products already purchased, they may lower or raise our cost for products purchased and sold in future periods.
income taxes we record deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted rates and laws that will be in effect when we expect the differences to reverse.  due to changing tax laws and state income tax rates, significant judgment is required to estimate the effective tax rate expected to apply to tax differences that are expected to reverse in the future.
in december 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the tjca or the act) enactment significantly changed u.s. tax law. the act reduced the overall corporate income tax rate to 21%, created a territorial tax system (with a one-time mandatory transition tax on previously deferred foreign earnings), broadened the tax base and allowed for the immediate capital expensing of certain qualified property. due to the complexities presented by the act, particularly for companies with multi-national operations, the securities and exchange commission issued staff accounting bulletin (sab) 118 (sab 118) to provide guidance to allow companies to record provisional amounts based on reasonable estimates. as a result of this guidance, we recorded a provisional net benefit to our income tax provision in the fourth quarter of 2017. as of december 31, 2018, we completed our accounting for the tax effects of the act, which did not result in a material adjustment to our provisional amount. for the global intangible low tax income (gilti) provisions of the act, we have elected an accounting policy to record gilti as period costs if and when incurred.
as of december 31, 2019, u.s. income taxes were not provided on the earnings or cash balances of our foreign subsidiaries, outside of the provisions of the transition tax from u.s. tax reform. as we have historically invested or expect to invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely to fund current cash flow needs in the countries where held, additional income tax provisions may be required. determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings and cash balances is not practicable due to the complexity of tax laws and regulations and the varying circumstances, tax treatments and timing of any future repatriation. we determined not to change our indefinite reinvestment assertion in light of u.s. tax reform.
we operate in 39 states, 1 united states territory and 11 foreign countries. we are subject to regular audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to adjustment by the applicable tax authorities.  we recognize a benefit from an uncertain tax position only after determining it is more likely than not that the tax position will withstand examination by the applicable taxing authority. our estimate for the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is highly judgmental. we regularly evaluate our tax positions and incorporate these expectations into our reserve estimates. we believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters.  however, our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire.  these adjustments may include changes in valuation allowances that we have established.  as a result of these uncertainties, our total income tax provision may fluctuate on a quarterly basis.
each year, we prepare a return to provision analysis upon filing our income tax returns. based on this hindsight analysis, we concluded that our prior year income tax provision was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our provision calculation methodology is appropriate. differences between our effective income tax rate and federal and state statutory tax rates are primarily due to valuation allowances recorded for certain of our international subsidiaries with tax losses.
performance-based compensation accrual the compensation committee of our board (compensation committee) annually reviews our compensation structure to oversee management's implementation of maintaining a program that attracts, retains, develops and motivates employees without leading to unnecessary risk taking. our compensation packages include bonus plans that are specific to each group of eligible participants and their levels and areas of responsibility. the majority of our bonus plans have annual cash payments that are based primarily on objective performance criteria. we calculate bonuses based on the achievement of certain key measurable financial and operational results, including operating income and diluted earnings per share (eps).
we use an annual cash performance award (annual bonus) to focus corporate behavior on short-term goals for growth, financial performance and other specific financial and business improvement metrics. management sets the company's annual bonus objectives at the beginning of the bonus plan year using both historical information and forecasted results of operations for the current plan year. management also establishes specific business improvement objectives for both our operating units and corporate employees. the compensation committee approves objectives for annual bonus plans involving executive management.
we also utilize our medium-term (three-year) strategic plan incentive program (spip) to provide senior management with an additional cash-based, pay-for-performance award based on the achievement of specified earnings growth objectives. payouts through the spip are based on three-year compound annual growth rates (cagrs) of our diluted eps.
we record annual performance-based compensation accruals based on operating income achieved in a quarter as a percentage of total expected operating income for the year. we estimate total expected operating income for the current plan year using management's estimate of the total overall incentives earned per the stated bonus plan objectives. starting in june, and continuing each quarter through our fiscal year end, we adjust our estimated performance-based compensation accrual based on our detailed analysis of each bonus plan, the participants' progress toward achievement of their specific objectives and management's estimates related to the discretionary components of the bonus plans, if any.
we record spip accruals based on our total expected eps for the current fiscal year and earnings growth estimates for the succeeding two years. we base our current fiscal year estimates on the same assumptions used for our annual bonus calculation and we base our forward-looking estimates on historical growth trends and our projections for the remainder of the three-year performance periods.
our quarterly performance-based compensation expense and accrual balances may vary relative to actual annual bonus expense and payouts due to the following:
•differences between estimated and actual performance;
•our projections related to achievement of multiple-year performance objectives for our spip; and
•the discretionary components of the bonus plans.
we generally make bonus payments at the end of february following the most recently completed fiscal year. each year, we compare the actual bonus payouts to amounts accrued at the previous year's end to determine the accuracy of our performance-based compensation estimates. based on our hindsight analysis, we concluded that our performance-based compensation accrual balances were within a reasonable range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodologies are appropriate.
impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill is our largest intangible asset. at december 31, 2019, our goodwill balance was $188.6 million, representing approximately 13% of total assets. goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire a company over the estimated fair value of tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed.
we perform a goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year or on a more frequent basis if events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate potential impairment.  if the estimated fair value of any of our reporting units falls below its carrying value, we compare the estimated fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill to its carrying value. if the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value, we perform a calculation to measure impairment, which includes valuing the tangible and intangible assets. we recognize any impairment loss in operating income.
since we define an operating segment as an individual sales center and we do not have operations below the sales center level, we define a reporting unit as an individual sales center.  as of october 1, 2019, we had 223 reporting units with allocated goodwill balances. the most significant goodwill balance for a reporting unit was $5.7 million and the average goodwill balance was $0.8 million.
in october of 2019, 2018 and 2017, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test and did not recognize any goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level.
we estimate the fair value of our reporting units based on an income approach that incorporates our assumptions for determining the present value of future cash flows.  we project future cash flows using management's assumptions for sales growth rates, operating margins, discount rates and multiples. these estimates can significantly affect the outcome of our impairment test. we also review for potential impairment indicators at the reporting unit level based on an evaluation of recent historical operating trends, current and projected local market conditions and other relevant factors as appropriate.
to test the reasonableness of our fair value estimates, we compared our aggregate estimated fair values to our market capitalization as of the date of our annual impairment test. we expect that a reasonable fair value estimate would reflect a moderate acquisition premium. our aggregate estimated fair values fell in line with our market capitalization, which we consider to be reasonable for the purpose of our goodwill impairment test. to facilitate a sensitivity analysis, we reduced our consolidated fair value estimate to reflect more conservative discounted cash flow assumptions, the sensitivity of a 50 basis point increase in our estimated weighted average cost of capital or a 50 basis point decrease in the estimated perpetuity growth rate. our sensitivity analysis generated a fair value estimate below our market capitalization and resulted in the identification of no additional at-risk locations.
based on our 2019 goodwill impairment analysis, we consider our reporting units in australia as most at risk for goodwill impairment. we entered australia in july 2014 with the acquisition of a controlling interest in pool systems pty. ltd (psl). the previous owner of psl provided executive oversight until our purchase of the non-controlling interest in june 2017. since 2014, we have continued to expand our operations in australia via one sales center opening and the acquisitions of newline pool products in july 2017 and pool power in january 2018. the most sensitive assumptions related to our fair values for these locations relate to future projected operating results and management's ability to effectively leverage our operating structure and manage costs as we expand our presence. as of december 31, 2019, our aggregate goodwill balance for our five reporting units in australia was $4.0 million.
if our assumptions or estimates in our fair value calculations change or if operating results are less than forecasted, we could incur impairment charges in future periods, especially related to the reporting units discussed above.  impairment charges would decrease operating income, negatively impact diluted eps and result in lower asset values on our balance sheet.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k for details.
results of operations the table below summarizes information derived from our consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of net sales for the past three fiscal years:
year ended december 31,
2019                    2018                    2017
net sales                                                         100.0   %               100.0   %               100.0   %
cost of sales                                                      71.1                    71.0                    71.1
gross profit                                                       28.9                    29.0                    28.9
operating expenses                                                 18.2                    18.6                    18.7
operating income                                                   10.7                    10.5                    10.2
interest and other non-operating expenses, net                      0.7                     0.7                     0.5
income before income taxes and equity earnings                      9.9   %                 9.8   %                 9.7   %
note: due to rounding, percentages may not add to operating income or income before income taxes and equity earnings.
our discussion of consolidated operating results includes the operating results from acquisitions in 2019, 2018 and 2017.  we have included the results of operations in our consolidated results since the respective acquisition dates.
fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018
the following table breaks out our consolidated results into the base business component and the excluded components (sales centers excluded from base business):
(unaudited)                                                                      base business                                                                          excluded                                total
(in thousands)                                                                      year ended                                                                        year ended                                year ended december 31,                                                                      december 31,                                december 31,
2019                            2018                     2019                     2018                            2019                         2018
net sales                                       $3,152,253                      $2,987,937                  $47,264                  $10,160                      $3,199,517                   $2,998,097
gross profit                                       912,680                         867,980                   12,245                    2,193                         924,925                      870,173
gross margin                                          29.0   %                        29.0   %                 25.9   %                 21.6   %                        28.9   %                     29.0   %
operating expenses                                 569,458                         552,841                   14,221                    3,443                         583,679                      556,284
expenses as a % of net sales                          18.1   %                        18.5   %                 30.1   %                 33.9   %                        18.2   %                     18.6   %
operating income (loss)                            343,222                         315,139                  (1,976)                  (1,250)                         341,246                      313,889
operating margin                                      10.9   %                        10.5   %                (4.2)   %               (12.3)   %                        10.7   %                     10.5   %
we have excluded the following acquisitions from base business for the periods identified:
acquired                               acquisitiondate                                 net   periodsexcluded sales centers acquired w.w. adcock, inc. (1)                  january 2019                               4          january - december 2019
turf &amp; garden, inc. (1)            november 2018                              4          january - december 2019 and november - december 2018
tore pty. ltd. (pool power) (1)        january 2018                               1          january - april 2019 and january - april 2018
chem quip, inc. (1)                    december 2017                              5          january - march 2019 and january - march 2018
intermark                              december 2017                              1          january - february 2019 and january - february 2018
(1)we acquired certain distribution assets of each of these companies.
when calculating our base business results, we exclude sales centers that are acquired, closed or opened in new markets for a period of 15 months. we also exclude consolidated sales centers when we do not expect to maintain the majority of the existing business and existing sales centers that are consolidated with acquired sales centers.
we generally allocate corporate overhead expenses to excluded sales centers on the basis of their net sales as a percentage of total net sales.  after 15 months of operations, we include acquired, consolidated and new market sales centers in the base business calculation including the comparative prior year period.
the table below summarizes the changes in our sales centers during 2019:
december 31, 2018                     364
acquired locations                      4
new locations                           9
closed/consolidated locations         (4)
december 31, 2019                     373
for information about our recent acquisitions, see note 2 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
net sales
(in millions)                                            year ended december 31,
2019                        2018                              change net sales                        $3,199.5                          $2,998.1        $201.4                  7%
net sales increased 7% compared to 2018, with 5% of this increase resulting from base business sales growth. unfavorable weather impacts throughout much of the first half of 2019, including record rainfall in may, led to delayed pool openings and lower construction and remodeling activity. despite some weather events in the third quarter, including hurricane dorian in florida and tropical storm imelda in southeast texas, above average temperatures and below average precipitation throughout most of the country benefited overall swimming pool industry growth and allowed us to serve the pent-up demand from earlier in the year. favorable weather conditions continued in the fourth quarter of 2019, as much of the southern and southeastern united states, particularly florida, experienced above average temperatures, although some of our seasonal markets experienced weather challenges early in the quarter. these conditions supported our 2019 sales growth and are contrasted from the fourth quarter of 2018, when most of the united states experienced cooler than normal temperatures and higher than average precipitation. despite the negative impacts resulting from the inclement weather in the first half of the year, with disciplined execution by our teams and improved weather conditions in the latter half of the year, we produced 7% sales growth in 2019 on top of sales growth of 8% in 2018.
the following factors benefited our sales growth (listed in order of estimated magnitude):
•continued improvement in consumer discretionary expenditures, including continued growth in remodeling and replacement activity (see discussion below);
•market share growth, particularly in building materials and commercial product categories (see discussion below);
•4% sales growth in chemicals, our largest product category at 12% of total net sales for 2019, compared to 2018;
•inflation driven (estimated at approximately 2% above our historical average of 1% to 2%) product selling price increases; and
•2% sales growth from recent acquisitions.
we believe that sales growth rates for certain product offerings, such as building materials and equipment, evidence increased spending in traditionally discretionary areas including pool construction and pool remodeling, as well as equipment upgrades. in 2019, sales for equipment, such as swimming pool heaters, pumps, lights and filters, increased 7% compared to 2018, and collectively represented approximately 27% of net sales. this increase reflects both the growth of replacement activity and continued demand for higher-priced, more energy-efficient products. sales of building materials, which includes tile, grew 9% compared to 2018 and represented approximately 12% of net sales in 2019.
sales to customers who service large commercial installations such as hotels, universities and community recreational facilities are included in the appropriate existing product categories, and growth in this area is reflected in the numbers above. sales to these customers increased 8% in 2019 on top of sales growth of 11% in 2018 and represented approximately 5% of net sales in 2019.
2019 quarterly sales performance compared to 2018 quarterly sales performance
•net sales increased 2% in the first quarter of 2019, while base business sales grew 1%. sales in the first quarter were largely impacted by cool, wet weather, particularly in the western united states, and by a later easter holiday than in 2018.
•favorable weather conditions in the southeastern united states led to net sales growth of 6% and base business sales growth of 4% in the second quarter of 2019. sales in the second quarter were hindered by record rainfall and cooler temperatures in three of our four largest markets, california, texas and arizona.
•in the third quarter of 2019, net sales increased 11%, while base business sales increased 9%. sales in the third quarter benefited from favorable weather conditions and strong demand throughout our industry.
•for our seasonally slowest fourth quarter, both net sales and base business sales increased 7% in 2019 as weather challenges early in the quarter brought an abrupt end to business in some of our seasonal markets.
in addition to the sales discussion above, see further details of significant weather impacts under the subheading seasonality and quarterly fluctuations below.
gross profit
(in millions)                                        year ended december 31,
2019                            2018   change gross profit                     $924.9                          $870.2        $54.7                 6%
gross margin                       28.9    %                       29.0    %
gross margin was relatively flat year-over-year at 28.9% in 2019 compared to 29.0% in 2018, with base business gross margin at 29.0% in both years.
operating expenses
(in millions)                                                                         year ended december 31,
2019                            2018   change operating expenses                                                $583.7                          $556.3        $27.4                 5%
operating expenses as a percentage of net sales                     18.2    %                       18.6    %
operating expenses increased 5% to $583.7 million in 2019, up from $556.3 million in 2018, while base business operating expenses grew 3%. in addition to incremental costs incurred related to recent acquisitions and sales center openings, the increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable to higher growth-driven labor and freight expenses, as well as greater facility-related costs. operating expenses as a percentage of net sales declined 40 basis points, contributing to the 20 basis point expansion in our operating margin for the year and 40 points of base business operating margin expansion.
interest and other non-operating expenses, net interest and other non-operating expenses, net increased $2.9 million compared to 2018. the increase reflects higher average debt levels and higher average interest rates between periods. average outstanding debt was $599.6 million in 2019 versus $579.1 million in 2018. our 2019 average outstanding debt balance reflects greater borrowings made in the first half of the year, primarily to fund working capital growth, although debt levels declined later in the year and finished at 77% of our 2018 balance at december 31, 2019. our weighted average effective interest rate increased to 3.4% in 2019 compared to 3.3% in 2018.
income taxes our effective income tax rate was 17.7% at december 31, 2019 and 20.1% at december 31, 2018. we recorded a $23.5 million benefit from asu 2016-09 for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to a benefit of $15.3 million realized in the same period in 2018. excluding the benefits from asu 2016-09, our effective tax rate was 25.1% and 25.3% for the years ended 2019 and 2018, respectively.
net income and earnings per share net income attributable to pool corporation increased 12% to $261.6 million in 2019 compared to $234.5 million in 2018. earnings per share increased 14% to $6.40 per diluted share compared to $5.62 per diluted share in 2018. excluding the $0.57 per diluted share impact of asu 2016-09 in 2019 and $0.36 in 2018, diluted earnings per share increased 11% over last year.
fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017
for a detailed discussion of the results of operations in fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017, see the results of operations section of management's discussion and analysis included in part ii, item 7 of our 2018 annual report on form 10-k.
seasonality and quarterly fluctuations for discussion regarding the effects seasonality and weather have on our business, see item 1, "business," of this form 10-k.
the following table presents certain unaudited quarterly data for 2019 and 2018. we have included income statement and balance sheet data for the most recent eight quarters to allow for a meaningful comparison of the seasonal fluctuations in these amounts. in our opinion, this information reflects all normal and recurring adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of this data. due to the seasonal nature of our industry, the results of any one or more quarters are not necessarily a good indication of results for an entire fiscal year or of continuing trends.
(unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    quarter
(in thousands)                                                                                                                                                    2019                                                                                                                                                                  2018
first                        second                      third                      fourth                      first                        second                      third                      fourth statement of income data net sales                                                            $597,456                   $1,121,328                    $898,500                   $582,234                    $585,900                   $1,057,804                    $811,311                   $543,082
gross profit                                                          174,631                      330,314                     257,931                    162,050                     166,073                      308,655                     235,003                    160,442
operating income                                                       38,386                      172,523                     104,540                     25,798                      33,541                      162,042                      92,337                     25,970
net income                                                             32,637                      131,390                      79,525                     18,024                      31,339                      117,049                      69,261                     16,811
net sales as a % of annual net sales                                       19   %                       35    %                     28   %                     18    %                     20   %                       35    %                     27   %                     18    %
gross profit as a % of annual gross profit                                 19   %                       36    %                     28   %                     18    %                     19   %                       35    %                     27   %                     18    %
operating income as a % of annual operating income                         11   %                       51    %                     31   %                      8    %                     11   %                       52    %                     29   %                      8    %
balance sheet data total receivables, net                                               $313,127                     $417,126                    $307,798                   $226,539                    $314,596                     $404,415                    $287,773                   $207,801
product inventories, net                                              815,742                      694,447                     616,217                    702,274                     703,793                      606,583                     609,983                    672,579
accounts payable                                                      472,487                      342,335                     214,309                    261,963                     467,795                      300,232                     204,706                    237,835
total debt                                                            698,977                      692,337                     547,560                    511,407                     568,110                      657,120                     580,703                    666,761
note: due to rounding, the sum of quarterly percentage amounts may not equal 100%.
weather impacts on fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2018 comparisons wetter and cooler than normal temperatures to begin the year hindered our first quarter of 2019 sales growth. much of the western united states, particularly california and arizona, experienced cold to record cold temperatures in january and february. the latter half of march benefited from warmer weather throughout most of the country and provided some relief from the slow start earlier in the year. the first quarter of 2018 experienced similar, though less significant, unfavorable weather in certain markets, leading to more adverse conditions in 2019 compared to 2018.
results for the second quarter of 2019 were largely impacted by record rainfall and cooler temperatures in three of our largest markets, california, texas and arizona, particularly in the month of may, which was the second wettest may on record for the contiguous united states. in the southeastern united states, favorable weather conditions, including above average temperatures, delivered strong sales growth in these markets. in contrast, in the second quarter of 2018, results in the last two months of the quarter benefited from warm weather throughout the country and helped relieve the effects of a slow start from earlier in 2018.
above average temperatures and below average precipitation throughout most of the country in the third quarter of 2019 positively impacted results for the quarter. in the contiguous united states, september tied with 2015 as the second warmest on record. throughout the quarter, the southern united states and the ohio valley benefited from dry conditions. despite some weather events, including hurricane dorian in florida and tropical storm imelda in southeast texas, these markets delivered favorable results in the third quarter of 2019. conversely, bouts of severe weather, including hurricane florence, elevated rainfall in texas, and wildfires in california, adversely impacted results for the third quarter of 2018.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, much of the southern and southeastern united states, particularly florida, experienced above average temperatures, which led to increased sales growth compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 when most of the united states experienced below average temperatures and higher than average precipitation.
weather impacts on fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2017 comparisons for a detailed discussion of weather impacts on fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017, see the seasonality and quarterly fluctuations section of management's discussion and analysis included in part ii, item 7 of our 2018 annual report on form 10-k.
geographic areas since all of our sales centers have similar operations and share similar economic characteristics, we aggregate our sales centers into a single reportable segment. for additional details, see note 1 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
for a breakdown of net sales and property, plant and equipment between our united states and international operations, see item 1, "business," of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is defined as the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet short-term and long-term cash needs. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating activities, taking into consideration the seasonal nature of our business. significant factors which could affect our liquidity include the following:
•cash flows generated from operating activities;
•the adequacy of available bank lines of credit;
•the quality of our receivables;
•acquisitions;
•dividend payments;
•capital expenditures;
•changes in income tax laws and regulations;
•the timing and extent of share repurchases; and
•the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms.
our primary capital needs are seasonal working capital obligations and other general corporate initiatives, including acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases. our primary sources of working capital are cash from operations supplemented by bank borrowings, which have historically been sufficient to support our growth and finance acquisitions. the same principle applies to funds used for capital expenditures and share repurchases.
we prioritize our use of cash based on investing in our business, maintaining a prudent capital structure, including a modest amount of debt, and returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. our specific priorities for the use of cash are as follows:
•capital expenditures primarily for maintenance and growth of our sales center structure, technology-related investments and fleet vehicles;
•strategic acquisitions executed opportunistically;
•payment of cash dividends as and when declared by our board of directors (board);
•repayment of debt to maintain an average total leverage ratio (as defined below) between 1.5 and 2.0; and
•repurchases of our common stock under our board authorized share repurchase program.
capital expenditures were 1.0% of net sales in 2019, 1.1% of net sales in 2018 and 1.4% of net sales in 2017. our higher capital spending in 2017 related to expanding our facilities and purchasing delivery vehicles to address growth. over the last five years, capital expenditures have averaged roughly 1.0% of net sales.
our capital spending primarily relates to leasehold improvements, delivery and service vehicles and information technology. we focus our capital expenditure plans on the needs of our sales centers. in 2018, we performed an evaluation of our enterprise resource planning system. although we do not anticipate a complete replacement of our enterprise resource planning system, we do plan to migrate our current system to a new environment over a number of years. this plan requires modest, incremental capital investments over that time frame rather than a significant, one-time investment. for 2020, based on management's current plans, we project capital expenditures will continue to approximate the historical average.
we believe we have adequate availability of capital to fund present operations and the current capacity to finance any working capital needs that may arise.  we continually evaluate potential acquisitions and hold discussions with acquisition candidates. if suitable acquisition opportunities arise that would require financing, we believe that we have the ability to finance any such transactions.
as of february 21, 2020, $249.2 million of the current board authorized amount under our authorized share repurchase plan remained available. we expect to repurchase additional shares in the open market from time to time depending on market conditions. we plan to fund these repurchases with cash provided by operations and borrowings under the credit and receivables facilities.
sources and uses of cash the following table summarizes our cash flows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2019                        2018
operating activities                   $298,776                          $118,656
investing activities                   (42,263)                          (34,158)
financing activities                  (244,486)                          (97,571)
cash provided by operations of $298.8 million for 2019 increased $180.1 million compared to 2018. the strategic inventory purchases that we made in the latter half of 2018 negatively impacted our 2018 cash flows due to timing differences that reversed in 2019.
cash used in investing activities increased in 2019 due to an increase of $6.3 million in payments for acquisitions compared to 2018 and a $1.8 million increase in net capital expenditures between years.
cash used in financing activities increased in 2019, which primarily reflects increased payments on our revolving line of credit. we had $155.4 million of net payments on our debt arrangements in 2019 compared to net proceeds of $146.5 million in 2018. we repurchased $23.2 million of shares in 2019 compared to $187.5 million in 2018.
for a discussion of our sources and uses of cash in 2017, see the liquidity and capital resources - sources and uses of cash section of management's discussion and analysis included in part ii, item 7 of our 2018 annual report on form 10-k.
future sources and uses of cash to supplement cash from operations as our primary source of working capital, we will continue to utilize our three major credit facilities, which are the amended and restated revolving credit facility (the credit facility), the term facility (the term facility) and the receivables securitization facility (the receivables facility). for additional details regarding these facilities, see note 5 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
revolving credit facility our credit facility provides for $750.0 million in borrowing capacity under a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility and includes sublimits for the issuance of swingline loans and standby letters of credit.  pursuant to an accordion feature, the aggregate maximum principal amount of the commitments under the credit facility may be increased at our request and with agreement by the lenders by up to $75.0 million, to a total of $825.0 million.  the credit facility matures on september 29, 2022. we intend to use the credit facility for general corporate purposes, for future share repurchases and to fund future growth initiatives.
at december 31, 2019, there was $200.7 million outstanding, a $4.8 million standby letter of credit outstanding and $544.5 million available for borrowing under the credit facility. the weighted average effective interest rate for the credit facility as of december 31, 2019 was approximately 2.8%, excluding commitment fees.
term facility our term facility provides for $185.0 million in borrowing capacity and matures on december 30, 2026. the term facility will be repaid in quarterly installments of 1.250% of the term facility on the last business day of each quarter beginning with the first quarter of 2020. the total of the quarterly payments will be equal to 33.75% of the term facility with the final principal repayment equal to 66.25% of the term facility due on the maturity date. we may prepay amounts outstanding under the term facility without penalty other than interest breakage costs.
at december 31, 2019, the term facility was fully drawn with an outstanding balance of $185.0 million at a weighted average effective interest rate of 2.5%. proceeds from the term facility were used to pay down the credit facility, adding capacity for future share repurchases, acquisitions and growth-oriented working capital expansion.
financial covenants financial covenants of the credit facility and the term facility include maintenance of a maximum average total leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, which are our most restrictive financial covenants.  as of december 31, 2019, the calculations of these two covenants are detailed below:
•maximum average total leverage ratio. on the last day of each fiscal quarter, our average total leverage ratio must be less than 3.25 to 1.00.  average total leverage ratio is the ratio of the trailing twelve months (ttm) average total funded indebtedness plus the ttm average accounts securitization proceeds divided by the ttm ebitda (as those terms are defined in the credit facility).  as of december 31, 2019, our average total leverage ratio equaled 1.61 (compared to 1.72 as of december 31, 2018) and the ttm average total debt amount used in this calculation was $614.9 million.
•minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. on the last day of each fiscal quarter, our fixed charge ratio must be greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00. fixed charge ratio is the ratio of the ttm ebitdar divided by ttm interest expense paid or payable in cash plus ttm rental expense (as those terms are defined in the credit facility).  as of december 31, 2019, our fixed charge ratio equaled 5.38 (compared to 5.33 as of december 31, 2018) and ttm rental expense was $60.2 million.
on january 1, 2019, we adopted asu 2016-02, leases, which requires that we record most of our leases on our balance sheets. our credit facility and term facility agreements require that we calculate our financial covenants by excluding the effects of the new standard. the adoption of asu 2016-02 did not have a material impact on our financial covenant calculations. for additional details regarding our adoption of this new accounting pronouncement, see note 1 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
the credit facility and the term facility also limit the declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock to no more than 50% of the preceding year's net income (as defined in the credit facility and the term facility), provided no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the payment of dividends.  additionally, we may declare and pay quarterly dividends notwithstanding that the aggregate amount of dividends paid would be in excess of the 50% limit described above so long as (i) the amount per share of such dividends does not exceed the amount per share paid during the most recent fiscal year in which we were in compliance with the 50% limit and (ii) our average total leverage ratio is less than 3.00 to 1.00 both immediately before and after giving pro forma effect to such dividends. further, dividends must be declared and paid in a manner consistent with our past practice.
under the credit facility and the term facility, we may repurchase shares of our common stock provided no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the repurchase of shares, and our maximum average total leverage ratio (determined on a pro forma basis) is less than 2.50 to 1.00.  other covenants include restrictions on our ability to grant liens, incur indebtedness, make investments, merge or consolidate, and sell or transfer assets.  failure to comply with any of our financial covenants or any other terms of the credit facility and the term facility could result in higher interest rates on our borrowings or the acceleration of the maturities of our outstanding debt.
receivables securitization facility as amended on november 1, 2019, our two-year receivables facility offers us a lower-cost form of financing, with a peak funding capacity of up to $295.0 million between may 1 and may 31, which includes an additional seasonal funding capacity that is available between march 1 and july 31. other funding capacities range from $120.0 million to $275.0 million throughout the remaining months of the year.
the receivables facility provides for the sale of certain of our receivables to a wholly-owned subsidiary (the securitization subsidiary). the securitization subsidiary transfers variable undivided percentage interests in the receivables and related rights to certain third-party financial institutions in exchange for cash proceeds, limited to the applicable funding capacities. upon payment of the receivables by customers, rather than remitting to the financial institutions the amounts collected, we retain such collections as proceeds for the sale of new receivables until payments become due.
the receivables facility contains terms and conditions (including representations, covenants and conditions precedent) customary for transactions of this type. additionally, an amortization event will occur if we fail to maintain a maximum average total leverage ratio (average total funded debt/ebitda) of 3.25 to 1.00 and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (ebitdar/cash interest expense plus rental expense) of 2.25 to 1.00.
at december 31, 2019, there was $115.0 million outstanding under the receivables facility at a weighted average effective interest rate of 2.6%, excluding commitment fees.
interest rate swaps we utilize interest rate swap contracts and forward-starting interest rate swap contracts to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in variable interest rates for future interest payments on our variable rate borrowings.
in 2019, we had three interest rate swap contracts in place that became effective on october 19, 2016. these swap contracts were previously forward-starting and were amended in october 2015 to bring the fixed rates per our forward-starting contracts in line with current market rates and extend the hedged period for future interest payments on our credit facility. these interest rate swap contracts terminated on november 20, 2019. these amended swap contracts converted variable interest rates on our variable rate borrowings to fixed rates of 2.273% on a notional amount of $75.0 million and 2.111% on two separate notional amounts, one $25.0 million and the other $50.0 million, totaling $75.0 million. interest expense related to the notional amounts under these swap contracts was based on the fixed rates plus the applicable margin on our variable rate borrowings.
as of december 31, 2019, we had one interest rate swap in place, which became effective on november 20, 2019. this swap contract was previously forward-looking and converts the variable interest rate on our variable rate borrowings to a fixed rate of 1.1425% on a notional amount of $150.0 million. the contract terminates on november 20, 2020.
in may and july 2019, we entered into additional forward-starting interest rate swap contracts, which will convert the variable interest rate on our variable rate borrowings to fixed interest rates of 2.0925% and 1.5500%, respectively, on notional amounts of $75.0 million each. these contracts become effective on november 20, 2020 and terminate on september 29, 2022.
on february 5, 2020, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap contract with a fixed interest rate of 1.3800% on a notional amount of $150.0 million. this contract becomes effective on february 26, 2021 and terminates on february 28, 2025.
compliance and future availability as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all covenants and financial ratio requirements under our credit facility, our term facility and our receivables facility.  we believe we will remain in compliance with all covenants and financial ratio requirements throughout 2020.  for additional information regarding our debt arrangements, see note 5 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations at december 31, 2019, our contractual obligations for long-term debt and operating leases were as follows (in thousands):
payments due by period total         less than                       1-3 years                     3-5 years                       more than
1 year                                                                                       5 years long-term debt             $512,418         $20,995                        $334,173                       $18,500                        $138,750
operating leases            189,367          51,621                          83,036                        38,771                          15,939
$701,785         $72,616                        $417,209                       $57,271                        $154,689
the table below contains estimated interest payments (in thousands) related to our long-term debt obligations presented in the table above.  we calculated estimates of future interest payments based on the december 31, 2019 outstanding debt balances, using the fixed rates under our interest rate swap agreements for the applicable notional amounts and the weighted average effective interest rates as of december 31, 2019 for the remaining outstanding balances not covered by our swap contracts.  to project the estimated interest expense to coincide with the time periods used in the table above, we projected the estimated debt balances for future years based on the scheduled maturity dates of the credit facility, the term facility and the receivables facility. for certain of our contractual obligations, such as unrecognized tax benefits, uncertainties exist regarding the timing of future payments and the amount by which these potential obligations will increase or decrease over time. as such, we have excluded unrecognized tax benefits from our contractual obligations table. see notes 5 and 7 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional discussion related to our debt and more information related to our unrecognized tax benefits.
estimated interest payments due by period total           less than                           1-3 years                     3-5 years               more than
1 year                                                                                    5 years interest       $47,351         $13,725                         $20,787                        $6,862                     $5,977
