item 1a. risk factors the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. there may be additional risks that we consider not to be material, or which are not known, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth below. the ordering of the risk factors set forth below is not intended to reflect any company indication of priority or likelihood. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements.
adverse worldwide economic or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. weak or uncertain economic conditions impact consumer confidence and pose a risk as vacationers may postpone or reduce discretionary spending. this, in turn, may result in cruise booking slowdowns, decreased cruise prices and lower onboard revenues. given the global nature of our business, we are exposed to many different economies and our business could be hurt by challenging conditions in any of our markets. any significant deterioration of international, national or local economic conditions, including those resulting from geopolitical events and/or international disputes, could result in a prolonged period of booking slowdowns, depressed cruise prices and/or reduced onboard revenues.
fears of terrorist attacks, war, and other hostilities could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
events such as terrorist attacks, war (or war-like conditions), conflicts (domestic or cross-border), civil unrest and other hostilities, including an escalation in the frequency or severity of incidents, and the resulting political instability, travel restrictions and advisories, and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling or the fear of any of the foregoing have had, and could have in the future, a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry. in view of our global operations, we are susceptible to a wide range of adverse events. these events could also result in additional security measures taken by local authorities which may potentially impact access to ports and/or destinations.
our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geo-political factors beyond our control.
our operating costs, including fuel, food, payroll and benefits, airfare, taxes, insurance and security costs, are all subject to increases due to market forces and economic or geo-political conditions or other factors beyond our control. increases in these operating costs could adversely affect our profitability.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates could affect our financial results.
we are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates. significant changes in any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and natural offsets. our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted, often significantly, by changes in each of these factors. the value of our earnings in foreign currencies is adversely impacted by a strong united states dollar. in addition, any significant increase in fuel prices could materially and adversely affect our business as fuel prices not only impact our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight and commodity prices. mandatory fuel restrictions, such as the international maritime organization's 2020 low sulphur regulation ("imo 2020"), may also create uncertainty related to the price and availability of certain fuel types potentially impacting operating costs and the value of our related hedging instruments. also, a significant increase in interest rates could materially impact the cost of our floating rate debt. furthermore, regulatory changes, such as the announcement of the united kingdom's financial conduct authority to phase out libor by the end of 2021, may adversely affect our portfolio of floating-rate debt and interest rate derivatives. if libor ceases to exist, we may need to renegotiate any credit agreements or interest rate derivatives agreements extending beyond 2021 that utilize libor as a factor in determining the interest rate or hedge rate, which could adversely impact our cost of debt.
see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
table of contents conducting business globally may result in increased costs and other risks.
we operate our business globally. operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential changes in duties and taxes, including changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, u.s. and global anti-bribery laws or regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings.
our future growth strategies increasingly depend on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets, such as china. some factors that will be critical to our success in developing these markets may be different than those affecting our more-established north american and european markets. in the chinese market, in particular, our future success depends on our ability to continue to raise awareness of our products, evolve the available distribution channels and adapt our offerings to best suit the chinese consumer. china's economy differs from the economies of other developed countries in many respects and, as the legal and regulatory system in china continues to evolve, there may be greater uncertainty as to the interpretation and enforcement of applicable laws and regulations.
operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. we must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. however, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with whom we associate throughout the world properly adhere to them. failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows.
we have operations in and source passengers from the united kingdom and the european union. on january 31, 2020, the united kingdom withdrew from the european union and immediately entered an 11-month transition period. uncertainty during the transition period could lead to adverse effects on the economy of the united kingdom, including the value of the british pound, and the other economies in which we operate, making it more difficult to source passengers from these regions. additionally, if the withdrawal is not executed effectively, it could adversely affect tax, legal and regulatory regimes to which our business in the region is subject. the withdrawal could also, among other potential outcomes, disrupt the free movement of goods, services and people between the united kingdom and the european union, if not executed effectively.
as a global operator, our business may be also impacted by changes in u.s. policy or priorities in areas such as trade, immigration and/or environmental or labor regulations, among others. depending on the nature and scope of any such changes, they could impact our domestic and international business operations. any such changes, and any international response to them, could potentially introduce new barriers to passenger or crew travel and/or cross border transactions, impact our guest experience and/or increase our operating costs.
if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
changes in u.s. foreign travel policy may affect our results of operations.
changes in u.s. foreign policy could result in the imposition of travel restrictions or travel bans on u.s. persons to certain countries or result in the imposition of u.s. rules, regulations or legislation that could expose us to penalties or claims of monetary damages. the timing and scope of these changes are unpredictable, and they could cause us to cancel scheduled sailings, possibly on short notice, or could result in possible litigation against us. this, in turn, could decrease our revenue, increase our operating costs and otherwise impair our profitability. for instance, in june 2019, the u.s. government announced that cruise ships would no longer be allowed to travel between the u.s. and cuba. this required us to change our high yielding cuba sailings on short notice, which impacted our earnings. moreover, in may 2019, the u.s. government activated title iii of the cuban liberty and solidarity (libertad) act of 1996, popularly known as the helms-burton act. this allowed certain individuals table of contents whose property was confiscated by the cuban government to sue in u.s. courts anyone who "traffics" in the property in question. the activation of title iii has resulted in litigation against us and others in the tourism industry.
price increases for commercial airline service for our guests or major changes or reduction in commercial airline service and/or availability could adversely impact the demand for cruises and undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests.
many of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark. increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall price of the cruise vacation to our guests, which may adversely impact demand for our cruises. in addition, changes in the availability of commercial airline services could adversely affect our guests' ability to obtain air travel, as well as our ability to transfer our guests to or from our cruise ships, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
incidents on ships, at port facilities, land destinations and/or affecting the cruise vacation industry in general, and the associated negative media coverage and publicity, could affect our reputation and impact our sales and results of operations.
the ownership and/or operation of cruise ships, private destinations, port facilities and shore excursions involves the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents and other incidents which may bring into question safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction and can negatively impact our sales, operations and reputation. incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular the safety, health and security of guests and crew and the media coverage thereof have impacted and could in the future impact demand for our cruises and pricing in the industry. our reputation and our business could also be damaged by negative publicity regarding the cruise industry in general, including publicity regarding the spread of contagious disease, over-tourism in key ports and destinations and the potentially adverse environmental impacts of cruising. the considerable expansion in the use of social and digital media over recent years has compounded the potential scope and reach of any negative publicity. if any such incident or news cycle occurs during a time of high seasonal demand, the effect could disproportionately impact our results of operations for the year. in addition, incidents involving cruise ships may result in additional costs to our business, increasing government or other regulatory oversight and, in certain cases, potential litigation.
significant weather, climate events and/or natural disasters could adversely impact our business and results from operations.
natural disasters (e.g. earthquakes), weather and/or climate events (including hurricanes and typhoons) could impact our source markets and operations resulting in travel restrictions, guest cancellations, an inability to source our crew or our provisions and supplies from certain places. we are often forced to alter itineraries and occasionally cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or to redeploy our ships due to these types of events, which could have an adverse effect on our sales, operating costs and profitability in the current and future periods. increases in the frequency, severity or duration of these types of events could exacerbate their impact and cause further disruption to our operations or make certain destinations less desirable or unavailable impacting our revenues and profitability further. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and on industry performance.
disease outbreaks and an increase in concern about the risk of illness could adversely impact our business and results from operations.
disease outbreaks and increased concern related to illness when travelling to, from, and on our ships could cause a drop in demand for cruises, guest cancellations, travel restrictions, an unavailability of ports and/or destinations, cruise cancellations, ship redeployments and an inability to source our crew, provisions or supplies from certain places. the recent coronavirus outbreak is currently having these impacts on our operations and, given its fluid and developing nature, has made it extremely difficult for us to forecast the impact it could have on our future operations. for instance, the resulting measures taken by china and other countries to contain the disease, including travel restrictions, have resulted in the cancellation or itinerary modification of an increasing number of our cruises in southeast asia. in addition, our imposition of measures to protect our guests and crew, including denying boarding to those that have traveled from, to or through mainland china or hong kong, has caused us to cancel cruise bookings or restrict certain guests from booking our cruises. all of these issues are having and are likely to continue to have a material impact on our bookings, operations and our overall financial performance.
table of contents an increase in capacity worldwide or excess capacity in a particular market could adversely impact our cruise sales and/or pricing.
although our ships can be redeployed, cruise sales and/or pricing may be impacted by the introduction of new ships into the marketplace, reductions in cruise capacity, overall market growth and deployment decisions of ourselves and our competitors. as of december 31, 2019, a total of 67 new ships with approximately 159,000 berths are on order for delivery through 2024 in the cruise industry. the further net growth in capacity from these new ships and future orders, without an increase in the cruise industry's demand and/or share of the vacation market, could depress cruise prices and impede our ability to achieve yield improvement.
in addition, to the extent that we or our competitors deploy ships to a particular itinerary/region and the resulting capacity in that region exceeds the demand, we may lower pricing and profitability may be lower than anticipated. this risk exists in emerging cruise markets, where capacity has grown rapidly over the past few years and in mature markets where excess capacity is typically redeployed. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
unavailability of ports of call may adversely affect our results of operations.
we believe that port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports and destinations is affected by a number of factors, including industry demand and competition for key ports and destinations, existing capacity constraints, constraints related to the size of certain ships, security, financial limitations on port development, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, geopolitical developments and local governmental regulations. in addition, fuel costs may adversely impact the destinations on certain of our itineraries.
increased demand and competition for key ports of call or destinations, limitations on the availability or feasibility of use of specific ports of call and/or constraints on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports or destinations could adversely affect our results of operations.
growing anti-tourism sentiments and environmental concerns related to cruising could adversely impact our operations.
certain ports and destinations are facing a surge of both cruise and non-cruise tourism which, in certain cases, has fueled anti-tourism sentiments and related countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists allowed in these destinations. in certain destinations, countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists are being contemplated and/or put into effect, including proposed limits on cruise ships and cruise passengers. for example, effective 2020, the local government of dubrovnik, croatia will cap the number of cruise ships that can dock each day to two and the number of corresponding passengers. similar existing and potential restrictions in ports and destinations such as venice and barcelona could limit the itinerary and destination options we can offer our passengers going forward. some environmental groups have also generated negative publicity about the environmental impact of the cruise vacation industry and are advocating for more stringent regulation of ship emissions at berth and at sea. these anti-tourism sentiments and growing environmental scrutiny of the cruise industry and any related countermeasures could adversely impact our operations and financial results and subject us to increasing compliance costs.
our reliance on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to implement our newbuild and ship upgrade programs and to repair and maintain our ships exposes us to risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business.
we rely on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to effectively construct our new ships and to repair, maintain and upgrade our existing ships on a timely basis and in a cost effective manner. there are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build, repair, maintain and/or upgrade our ships.
increased demand for available new construction slots and/or continued consolidation in the cruise shipyard industry could impact our ability to: (1) construct new ships, when and as planned, (2) cause us to continue to commit to new ship orders earlier than we have historically done so and/or (3) result in stronger bargaining power on the part of the shipyards and the export credit agencies providing financing for the project. current market conditions characterized by limited shipyard capacity, high demand for shipyard and sub-contractor resources and the growing application of advanced technologies to newbuilds (e.g. lng) could cause delays in ship deliveries and table of contents scheduled drydocks across the industry. our inability to timely and cost-effectively procure new capacity and the potential delay in ship deliveries and/or scheduled drydocks or modernizations could have a significant negative impact on our future business plans and results of operations.
building, repairing, maintaining and/or upgrading a ship is also sophisticated work that involves significant risks. in addition, the prices of labor and/or various commodities that are used in the construction of ships can be subject to volatile price changes, including the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. shipyards, their subcontractors and/or our suppliers may encounter financial, technical or design problems when doing these jobs.  if materialized, these problems could impact the timely delivery or costs of new ships or the ability of shipyards to repair and upgrade our fleet in accordance with our needs or expectations.  in addition, delays, mechanical faults and/or unforeseen incidents, such as the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, may result in cancellation of cruises or, in more severe situations, new ship orders, or necessitate unscheduled drydocks and repairs of ships. these events and any related adverse publicity could result in lost revenue, increased operating expenses, or both, and thus adversely affect our results of operations.
we may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.
we operate in the vacation market and cruising is one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. we therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators, which provide other leisure options, including hotels, resorts, internet-based alternative lodging sites and package holidays and tours.
we face significant competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel agent preference and also in terms of the nature of ships, services and destinations that we offer to guests. our principal competitors within the cruise vacation industry include carnival corporation & plc, which owns, among others, aida cruises, carnival cruise line, costa cruises, cunard line, holland america line, p&o cruises, princess cruises and seabourn; disney cruise line; msc cruises; and norwegian cruise line holdings ltd, which owns norwegian cruise line, oceania cruises and regent seven seas cruises. our revenues are sensitive to the actions of other cruise lines in many areas including pricing, scheduling, capacity and promotions, which can have a substantial adverse impact not only on our revenues, but on overall industry revenues.
in the event that we do not effectively market or differentiate our cruise brands from our competitors or otherwise compete effectively with other vacation alternatives and new or existing cruise companies, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
we may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations.
to fund our capital expenditures (including new ship orders), operations and scheduled debt payments, we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the sale of equity or debt securities in private or public securities markets. any circumstance or event which leads to a decrease in consumer cruise spending, such as worsening global economic conditions or significant incidents impacting the cruise industry, could negatively affect our operating cash flows. see "-adverse worldwide economic or other conditions..." and "-incidents or adverse publicity concerning our ships and/or passengers or the cruise vacation industry..." for more information.
although we believe we can access sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, investments and obligations as expected, there can be no assurances to that effect. our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, the vibrancy of the financial markets, our financial performance, the performance of our industry in general and the size, scope and timing of our financial needs. in addition, even where financing commitments have been secured, significant disruptions in the capital and credit markets could cause our banking and other counterparties to breach their contractual obligations to us. this could include failures of banks or other financial service companies to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements or to pay us amounts that may become due or return collateral that is refundable under our derivative contracts for hedging of fuel prices, interest rates and foreign currencies or other agreements. if any of the foregoing occurs it may have a negative impact on our cash flows, including our ability to meet our obligations, our results of operations and our financial condition.
table of contents our liquidity could be adversely impacted if we are unable to satisfy the covenants required by our credit facilities.
our debt agreements contain covenants, including covenants restricting our and their ability to take certain actions and financial covenants. our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted by changes in our ownership base. more specifically, we may be required to prepay our bank financing facilities if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade.
failure to comply with the terms of these debt facilities could result in an event of default. generally, if an event of default under any debt agreement occurs, then pursuant to cross default acceleration clauses, our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables could become due and/or terminated. in addition, in such events, our credit card processors could hold back payments to create a reserve. we cannot provide assurances that we would have sufficient liquidity to repay, or the ability to refinance the debt if such amounts were accelerated upon an event of default.
if we are unable to appropriately balance our cost management and capital allocation strategies with our goal of satisfying guest expectations, it may adversely impact our business success.
our goals call for us to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. there can be no assurance that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management and capital allocation strategies. our business also requires us to make capital allocation decisions across a broad scope of investment options with varying return profiles and time horizons for value realization. these include significant capital investment decisions such as ordering new ships, upgrading our existing fleet, enhancing our technology and/or data capabilities, and expanding our portfolio of land-based assets, based on expected market preferences, competition and projected demand. there can be no assurance that our strategies will be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. investments in older tonnage, in particular, run the risk of not meeting expected returns and diluting related asset values.
our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures may not be successful.
we opportunistically seek to grow our business through, among other things, expansion into new destinations or source markets and establishment of new ventures complementary to our current offerings. these attempts to expand our business increase the complexity of our business, require significant levels of investment and can strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. there can be no assurance that these business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks associated with our development and operation of key land-based destination projects may adversely impact our business or results of operations.
we have invested, and will continue to invest, either directly or indirectly through joint ventures and partnerships, in a growing portfolio of key land-based projects including port and terminal facilities, private destinations and multi-brand destination projects. these investments can increase our exposure to certain key risks depending on the scope, location, and the ownership and management structure of these projects. these risks include susceptibility to weather events, exposure to local political/regulatory developments and policies, logistical challenges and human resource and labor risks.
our reliance on travel agencies to sell and market our cruises exposes us to certain risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business.
we rely on travel agencies to generate the majority of bookings for our ships. accordingly, we must ensure that our commission rates and incentive structures remain competitive. if we fail to offer competitive compensation packages or fail to maintain our relationships, these agencies may be incentivized to sell cruises offered by our competitors to our detriment, which could adversely impact our operating results. our reliance on third-party sellers is particularly pronounced in certain markets. in addition, the travel agent industry is sensitive to economic table of contents conditions that impact discretionary income of consumers. significant disruptions, especially disruptions impacting those agencies that sell a high volume of our business, or contractions in the industry could reduce the number of travel agencies available for us to market and sell our cruises, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
disruptions in our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems may adversely affect our results of operations.
our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located in florida, and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes/typhoons, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires or floods) or similar events in these locations may have a material impact on our business continuity, reputation and results of operations. in addition, substantial or repeated information system failures, computer viruses or cyber attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. we do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems. as such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
the loss of key personnel, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel, or disruptions among our shipboard personnel due to strained employee relations could adversely affect our results of operations.
our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees, and on our ability to recruit, develop and retain high quality personnel as well as having adequate succession plans. as demand for qualified personnel in the industry grows, we must continue to effectively recruit, train, motivate and retain our employees, both shoreside and on our ships, in order to effectively compete in our industry, maintain our current business and support our projected global growth.
as of december 31, 2019, 89% of our shipboard employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. a dispute under our collective bargaining agreements could result in a work stoppage of those employees covered by the agreements. we may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements when they expire. in addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage on our ships. we may also be subject to or affected by work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. any such work stoppages or potential work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, as could a loss of key employees, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or disruptions among our personnel.
business activities that involve our co-investments with third parties may subject us to additional risks.
partnerships, joint ventures and other business structures involving our co-investments with third parties generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create additional risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. in addition to financial risks, our co-investment activities may also present managerial and operational risks and expose us to reputational or legal concerns. these or other issues related to our co-investments with third parties could adversely impact our operations.
past or pending business acquisitions or potential acquisitions that we may decide to pursue in the future carry inherent risks which could adversely impact our financial performance and condition.
the company, from time to time, has engaged in acquisitions (e.g., our silversea cruises acquisition) and may pursue acquisitions in the future, which are subject to, among other factors, the company's ability to identify attractive business opportunities and to negotiate favorable terms for such opportunities. accordingly, the company cannot make any assurances that potential acquisitions will be completed timely or at all, or that if completed, we would realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisition. acquisitions also carry inherent risks such as, among others: (1) the potential delay or failure of our efforts to successfully integrate business processes and realizing expected synergies; (2) difficulty in aligning procedures, controls and/or policies; and (3) future unknown liabilities and costs that may be associated with an acquisition. in addition, acquisitions may also adversely impact our liquidity and/or debt levels, and the recognized value of goodwill and other intangible assets can be negatively table of contents affected by unforeseen events and/or circumstances, which may result in an impairment charge. any of the foregoing events could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on supply chain vendors and third-party service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. these vendors and service providers may be unable or unwilling to deliver on their commitments or may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on supply chain vendors to deliver key products to the operations of our businesses around the world. any event impacting a vendor's ability to deliver goods of the expected quality at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including inclement weather, natural disasters, increased demand, problems in production or distribution and/or disruptions in third-party logistics or transportation systems, such as those caused by the recent coronavirus. interruptions to our supply chain could increase costs and could limit the availability of products critical to our operations.
in order to achieve cost and operational efficiencies, we outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations and operation of a large part of our information technology systems. we are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. a failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised.
if we are unable to keep pace with developments in technology or technological obsolescence, our operations or competitive position could become impaired.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. these technologies and systems require significant investment and must be proven, refined, updated, upgraded and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. if we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, which could result in higher than anticipated costs or impair our operating results.
we are exposed to cyber security attacks and data breaches, including the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining integrity and security of our business information, as well as personal data of our guests, employees and business partners.
we are subject to cyber security attacks. these cyber attacks can vary in scope and intent from attacks with the objective of compromising our systems, networks and communications for economic gain to attacks with the objective of disrupting, disabling or otherwise compromising our maritime and/or shoreside operations. the attacks can encompass a wide range of methods and intent, including phishing attacks, illegitimate requests for payment, theft of intellectual property, theft of confidential or non-public information, installation of malware, installation of ransomware and theft of personal or business information. the breadth and scope of these attacks, as well as the techniques and sophistication used to conduct these attacks, have grown over time.
a successful cyber security attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party's inadequate care. in either scenario, the company may suffer damage to its systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in systems technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments.
in addition, we are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information. in the course of doing business, we collect large volumes of employee, customer and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information and individual credit data, for various business purposes. we are subject to federal, state and international laws (including the european union table of contents general data protection regulation), as well as industry standards, relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information and individual credit data. in many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between the company and its subsidiaries, and among the company, its subsidiaries and other parties with which the company has commercial relations. several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. these laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with emerging and changing international requirements has caused, and may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. if we fail to comply with the various applicable data collection and privacy laws, we could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation or other expenses, and our business could be adversely impacted.
while we continue to evolve our cyber security practices in line with our business' reliance on technology and the changing external threat landscape, and we invest time, effort and financial resources to secure our systems, networks and communications, our security measures cannot provide absolute assurance that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all cyber security attacks. there can be no assurance that any breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results.
any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee, third-party or company data, could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. further, if we or our vendors experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
the potential unavailability of insurance coverage, an inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or our failure to have coverage in sufficient amounts to cover our incurred losses may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we seek to maintain appropriate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. we normally insure based on the cost of an asset rather than replacement value and we also elect to self-insure, co-insure, or use deductibles in certain circumstances for certain risks such as loss of use of a ship or a cyber security breach. the limits of insurance coverage we purchase are based on the availability of the coverage, evaluation of our risk profile and cost of coverage. accordingly, we are not protected against all risks and we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred which could result in an unexpected decrease in our revenue and results of operations in the event of an incident.
we are members of four protection and indemnity ("p&i") clubs, which are part of a worldwide group of 13 p&i clubs, known as the international group of p&i clubs (the "ig"). p&i coverage provided by the clubs is on a mutual basis and we are subject to additional premium calls in the event of a catastrophic loss incurred by any member of the 13 p&i clubs, whereby the reinsurance limits purchased by the ig are exhausted. we are also subject to additional premium calls based on investment and underwriting shortfalls experienced by our own individual insurers.
we cannot be certain that insurance and reinsurance coverage will be available to us and at commercially reasonable rates in the future or at all or, if available, that it will be sufficient to cover potential claims. additionally, if we or other insureds sustain significant losses, the result may be higher insurance premiums, cancellation of coverage, or the inability to obtain coverage. such events could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
environmental, labor, health and safety, financial responsibility and other maritime regulations could affect operations and increase operating costs.
the united states and various state and foreign government or regulatory agencies have enacted or may enact environmental regulations or policies, such as requiring the use of low sulfur fuels (e.g. imo 2020), that could increase our direct cost to operate in certain markets, increase our cost for fuel, limit the supply of compliant fuel, cause us to incur significant expenses to purchase and/or develop new equipment and adversely impact the cruise table of contents vacation industry. while we have taken and expect to continue to take a number of actions to mitigate the potential impact of certain of these regulations, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful or completed on a timely basis.
there is increasing global regulatory focus on climate change, greenhouse gas (ghg) and other emissions. these regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the united states are still developing, and we cannot yet determine what the final regulatory programs or their impact will be in any jurisdiction where we do business. however, such climate change-related regulatory activity in the future may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to reduce our emissions, purchase allowances or otherwise pay for our emissions. such activity may also impact us by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs.
in addition, we are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties that govern, among other things, discharge from our ships, safety standards applicable to our ships, treatment of disabled persons, health and sanitary standards applicable to our guests, security standards on board our ships and at the ship/port interface areas, and financial responsibilities to our guests. these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that could subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future.
a change in our tax status under the united states internal revenue code, or other jurisdictions, may have adverse effects on our income.
we and a number of our subsidiaries are foreign corporations that derive income from a u.s. trade or business and/or from sources within the united states. in connection with the year end audit, each year, drinker biddle & reath llp, our u.s. tax counsel, delivers to us an opinion, based on certain representations and assumptions set forth in it, to the effect that this income, to the extent derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships, is excluded from gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes pursuant to section 883 of the internal revenue code. we believe that most of our income (including that of our subsidiaries) is derived from or incidental to the international operation of ships.
our ability to rely on section 883 could be challenged or could change in the future. provisions of the internal revenue code, including section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, trading volume or trading frequency of our shares, or relevant foreign tax laws of liberia or bahamas, such that they no longer qualify as equivalent exemption jurisdictions, that could affect our eligibility for the section 883 exemption. accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be exempt from u.s. income tax on u.s. source shipping income in the future. if we were not entitled to the benefit of section 883, we and our subsidiaries would be subject to u.s. taxation on a portion of the income derived from or incidental to the international operation of our ships, which would reduce our net income.
additionally, portions of our business are operated by companies that are within the united kingdom tonnage tax regime. further, some of our operations are conducted in jurisdictions where we rely on tax treaties to provide exemption from taxation. to the extent the united kingdom tonnage tax laws change or we do not continue to meet the applicable qualification requirements or if tax treaties are changed or revoked, we may be required to pay higher income tax in these jurisdictions, adversely impacting our results of operations.
as budgetary constraints continue to adversely impact the jurisdictions in which we operate, increases in income tax regulations, tax audits or tax reform affecting our operations may be imposed.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various united states and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or joint venture partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
table of contents we are not a united states corporation and our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system in protecting their interests.
our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of incorporation and by-laws and by the business corporation act of liberia. the provisions of the business corporation act of liberia resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the united states. however, while most states have a fairly well developed body of case law interpreting their respective corporate statutes, there are very few judicial cases in liberia interpreting the business corporation act of liberia. as such, the rights and fiduciary responsibilities of directors under liberian law are not as clearly established as the rights and fiduciary responsibilities of directors under statutes or judicial precedent in certain united states jurisdictions. for example, the right of shareholders to bring a derivative action in liberian courts may be more limited than in united states jurisdictions. there may also be practical difficulties for shareholders attempting to bring suit in liberia and liberian courts may or may not recognize and enforce foreign judgments. thus, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests with respect to actions by management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a united states jurisdiction.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, by-laws and liberian law could inhibit others from acquiring us, prevent a change of control, and may prevent efforts by our shareholders to change our management.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and liberian law may inhibit third parties from effectuating a change of control of the company without approval from our board of directors which could result in the entrenchment of current management. these include provisions in our articles of incorporation that prevent third parties, other than a. wilhelmsen as. and cruise associates, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of our outstanding shares without the consent of our board of directors.

item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this document, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance (including our expectations for the first quarter and full year of 2020, our earnings and yield estimates for 2020 set forth under the heading "outlook" below and our goals for our  program), business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will," "driving" and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "risk factors" in part i, item 1a herein.
all forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k speak only as of the date of this document. given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is organized to present the following:
a review of our critical accounting policies and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 and the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017;
a discussion of our business outlook, including our expectations for selected financial items for the first quarter and full year of 2020; and
a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and contractual commitments and potential funding sources.
table of contents critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (refer to note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our most critical accounting policies are as follows:
ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a 10%-15% projected residual value, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30-35 years. the 30-35 year useful life and 10%-15% residual value is the weighted-average of all major components of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. we employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level, in order to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. however, we estimate the costs, useful lives and residual values of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives, as well as our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized within cruise operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
we periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain and enhance vessels within those classes. in the event a factor is identified that may trigger a change in the estimated useful lives and residual values of our ships, a review of the estimate is completed. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we completed a modernization of the oasis of the seas under our ship upgrade program. the level of capital investment, as well as planned investment levels in the other ships within the oasis class, triggered a review of the estimated useful lives and residual values of the oasis-class ships. following a review of the estimate, considering the intended use of the vessel and assessment of the estimated lives of component assets forming the oasis class ships, we concluded a change to the estimated lives and residual values of oasis class ships was required. effective fourth quarter of 2019, we revised the estimated useful lives and residual values of the oasis-class ships from 30 years with a 15% residual value to 35 years with a 10% residual value. the change in the estimated useful lives and residual values was accounted for prospectively as a change in accounting estimate. for further information regarding this change in accounting estimate, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast table of contents tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss upon disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2019 would have increased by approximately $129.3 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2019 would have increased by approximately $325.1 million.
business combinations on july 31, 2018, we acquired a 66.7% equity stake in silversea cruises for $1.02 billion in cash and contingent consideration. refer to note 3. business combination to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the acquisition.
we account for business combinations in accordance with asc 805, business combinations, by applying the acquisition method of accounting. the acquisition method of accounting requires that we record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the noncontrolling interest, if any, at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. goodwill is recognized as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. significant estimates and assumptions are made by management to value such assets and liabilities based on third party valuations such as appraisals or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. although we believe that those estimates and assumptions are reasonable and appropriate, they are inherently uncertain and subject to change. if during the measurement period (not to exceed one year), additional information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date related to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we may adjust our estimates to account for subsequent adjustments to the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date, resulting in an offsetting adjustment to the goodwill associated with the business acquired.
uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially established in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. we continue to collect information and reevaluate these estimates and assumptions quarterly. we will record any adjustments to our preliminary estimates to goodwill, provided that we are within the one-year measurement period. our purchase price measurement period for the silversea cruises acquisition was closed during 2019.
any contingent consideration is estimated at fair value at the acquisition date. liability-classified contingent consideration is remeasured each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings until the contingent consideration is settled.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, and if necessary, a two-step goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. if the qualitative assessment demonstrates table of contents that it is more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, it is not necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. we may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to step one, for any reporting unit, in any period. on a periodic basis, we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed to step one to corroborate the results of recent years' qualitative assessments. we can resume the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any subsequent period.
when performing the two-step goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is determined and compared to the carrying value of the net assets allocated to the reporting unit. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions we use in the discounted cash flow model are projected operating results, weighted-average cost of capital, and terminal value. the discounted cash flow model uses the most current projected operating results for the upcoming fiscal year as a base. to that base, we add future years' cash flows assuming multiple revenue and expense scenarios that reflect the impact of different global economic environments beyond the base year on the reporting unit. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis or write-down of goodwill is required. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, the implied fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all its underlying assets and liabilities, including both recognized and unrecognized tangible and intangible assets, based on their fair value. if necessary, goodwill is then written down to its implied fair value.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets can be performed using a qualitative or quantitative impairment assessment. the quantitative assessment consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. we estimate the fair value of these assets using a discounted cash flow model and various valuation methods depending on the nature of the intangible asset, such as the relief-from-royalty method for trademarks and trade names. if the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying amount, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. refer to note 6. intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on indefinite-life intangible assets.
we review our ships and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows, that the carrying amount of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships and, prior to the sale of the aircraft, at the aggregated asset group level for our aircraft. if estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available, we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
royal caribbean international during the fourth quarter of 2019, we performed a qualitative assessment of the royal caribbean international reporting unit. based on our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and thus, we did not proceed to the two-step goodwill impairment test. no indicators of impairment exist primarily because the reporting unit's fair value has consistently exceeded its carrying value by a significant margin and forecasts of operating results expected to be generated by the reporting unit appear sufficient to support its carrying value. as of table of contents december 31, 2019, the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean reporting unit was $299.2 million.
silversea cruises the goodwill for the silversea cruises reporting unit was recorded at fair value at july 31, 2018, the acquisition date. refer to note 3. business combination to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information on the silversea cruises acquisition. during the fourth quarter of 2019, we performed a qualitative assessment of the silversea cruises reporting unit. based on our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and thus, we did not proceed to the two-step goodwill impairment test. no indicators of impairment exist primarily because forecasts of operating results expected to be generated by the reporting unit appear sufficient to support its carrying value. as of december 31, 2019, the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to our silversea cruises reporting unit was $1.1 billion.
the indefinite-life intangible asset related to the silversea cruises trade name acquired in the silversea cruises acquisition was recorded at fair value at july 31, 2018, the acquisition date. during the fourth quarter of 2019, we performed a qualitative assessment of the silversea cruises trade name. as a result of the assessment performed no impairment charge was recorded related to trade name intangible assets for the year ended december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the carrying amount of indefinite-life intangible assets was $352.3 million and $351.7 million, respectively, which primarily relates to the silversea cruises trade name acquired in the silversea cruises acquisition.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. although certain of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 18. fair value measurements and derivative instruments to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
on a regular basis, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate and fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we value floors which are embedded within our interest rate swaps using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available market data, such as forward interest rates and interest rate volatility. we apply present value techniques and libor or euribor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we estimate the fair value of our fuel swaps using expected future cash flows based on the swaps' contract terms and forward prices. we derive forward prices from published forward fuel curves which in turn are based on actual market transactions and published price quotes for similar assets. we apply present value techniques and libor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments. we also corroborate our fair value estimates using valuations provided by our counterparties.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate and fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
table of contents contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand is strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have focused on deployment to the caribbean, asia and australia during that period.
financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
passenger ticket revenues, which consist of revenue recognized from the sale of passenger tickets and the sale of air transportation to and from our ships; and
onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance, pre- and post-cruise tours and fees for operating certain port facilities. onboard and other revenues also include revenues we receive from independent third party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as revenues received for our bareboat charter, procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates.
cruise operating expenses our cruise operating expenses are comprised of the following:
commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel agent commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates;
payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
food expenses, which include food costs for both guests and crew;
fuel expenses, which include fuel and related delivery, storage and emission consumable costs and the financial impact of fuel swap agreements; and table of contents
other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any.
we do not allocate payroll and related expenses, food expenses, fuel expenses or other operating expenses to the expense categories attributable to passenger ticket revenues or onboard and other revenues since they are incurred to provide the total cruise vacation experience.
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are provided along with the related gaap financial measures as we believe they provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
program refers to the multi-year program designed to communicate and motivate employees to work towards company specific goals. the program includes five goals by 2025: delivering $20.00 adjusted earnings per share; further reducing the company's carbon footprint by 25% against a 2019 base; delivering strong returns on invested capital; and continuing to improve on record guest satisfaction and employee engagement metrics. these goals have been put in place to focus our leadership on achieving outsized improvements in our performance going forward and are purposely aspirational. the strategies that we will employ to achieve the goals of the program are consistent with our ongoing operating strategies as listed in the operating strategies section. during the six-year time horizon of this program, there are many factors that will impact our ability to achieve these ambitious goals. in particular, our goal of reducing our carbon footprint by 25% will be challenging and will depend on our ability to take aggressive steps including the use of new technologies that have not yet been developed or proven.
adjusted earnings per share ("adjusted eps") represents adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. divided by weighted average shares outstanding or by diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as applicable. we believe that this non-gaap measure is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis.
adjusted net income represents net income less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) costs, net of insurance recoveries, related to the grand bahama drydock structure incident involving oasis of the seas; (ii) our equity share of the write-off of the grand bahama drydock and other incidental expenses by grand bahama; (iii) the noncontrolling interest adjustment to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by heritage cruise holding ltd.'s (previously known as silversea cruises group ltd.) noncontrolling interest; (iv) the change in fair value in the contingent consideration related to the silversea cruises acquisition; (v) a loss on the early extinguishment of debt related to the repayment of certain loans; (vi) the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the acquisition; (vii) integration costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition; (viii) transaction costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition; (ix) restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure and other initiatives; (x) the impairment loss and other costs related to the exit of our tour operations business; (xi) the impairment loss related to skysea holding; and (xii) the impact of the change in accounting principle related to the recognition of stock-based compensation expense from the graded attribution method to the straight-line attribution method for time-based stock awards.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period, which excludes canceled cruise days and drydock days. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
gross cruise costs represent the sum of total cruise operating expenses plus marketing, selling and administrative expenses. for the periods presented, gross cruise costs exclude (i) restructuring charges incurred table of contents in relation to the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure and other initiatives; (ii) transaction costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition; (iii) integration costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition; (iv) the impairment loss and other costs related to the exit of our tour operations business; and (v) the impact of the change in accounting principle related to the recognition of stock-based compensation expense from the graded attribution method to the straight-line attribution method for time-based stock awards, which were included within marketing, selling and administrative expenses.
gross yields represent total revenues per apcd.
net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel represent gross cruise costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses and, in the case of net cruise costs excluding fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. a reconciliation of historical gross cruise costs to net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel is provided below under results of operations. net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel exclude the costs, net of insurance recoveries, related to the grand bahama drydock structure incident involving oasis of the seas.
net revenues represent total revenues less commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading).
net yields represent net revenues per apcd. we utilize net revenues and net yields to manage our business on a day-to-day basis as we believe that they are the most relevant measures of our pricing performance because they reflect the cruise revenues earned by us net of our most significant variable costs, which are commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses. a reconciliation of historical gross yields to net yields is provided below under results of operations.
occupancy, in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
passenger cruise days represent the number of passengers carried for the period multiplied by the number of days of their respective cruises.
we believe net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel are our most relevant non-gaap financial measures. however, a significant portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar. because our reporting currency is the united states dollar, the value of these revenues and expenses can be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. although such changes in local currency prices are just one of many elements impacting our revenues and expenses, they can be an important element. for this reason, we also monitor net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel as if the current period's currency exchange rates had remained constant with the comparable prior period's rates, or on a "constant currency" basis.
it should be emphasized that constant currency is primarily used for comparing short-term changes and/or projections. changes in guest sourcing and shifting the amount of purchases between currencies can change the impact of the purely currency-based fluctuations.
the use of certain significant non-gaap measures, such as net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel, allows us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes which affect our business. we believe these non-gaap measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard gaap based financial measures. there are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-gaap and constant currency measures, and as such, they may not be comparable to other companies within the industry.
we have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of (i) projected total revenues to projected net revenues, (ii) projected gross yields to projected net yields, (iii) projected gross cruise costs to projected net cruise costs and projected net cruise costs excluding fuel and (iv) projected net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. and earnings per share to projected adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share because preparation of meaningful gaap projections of total revenues, gross yields, gross cruise costs, net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. and earnings per share would require unreasonable effort. due to table of contents significant uncertainty, we are unable to predict, without unreasonable effort, the future movement of foreign exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates inclusive of our related hedging programs. in addition, we are unable to determine the future impact of restructuring expenses or other non-core business related gains and losses which may result from strategic initiatives. these items are uncertain and could be material to our results of operations in accordance with gaap. due to this uncertainty, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful.
table of contents executive overview by all accounts, 2019 was another year of very strong performance. we introduced three new vessels - spectrum of the seas, celebrity flora, and tui cruises mein schiff 2, launched a very successful perfect day destination at coco cay, modernized six ships and implemented excalibur, our digital transformation platform, on most of the fleet. in addition, we continued to find efficiencies, implement synergies and reduce costs, while at the same time, remained focused on strategic investments in areas that will boost revenue.
our 2019 net income was $1.9 billion, or $8.95 per diluted share, compared to $1.8 billion, or $8.56 per diluted share, in 2018. adjusted net income for 2019 was $2.0 billion, or $9.54 per diluted share, compared to $1.9 billion, or $8.86 per diluted share, in 2018. adjusted eps for 2019, on a diluted basis, represents an 8% increase in earnings compared to 2018. we were able to achieve these results despite the dry-dock incident in the grand bahama shipyard, the cancellation of cruises to cuba beginning in june of this year and an unusual hurricane season, all of which negatively impacted the company's adjusted earnings per share for the year by approximately $0.80.
total revenues increased $1.5 billion in 2019 to $11.0 billion, compared to $9.5 billion in 2018, primarily driven by increases in both ticket and onboard yields. during 2019, our gross yields and net yields increased by 8.0%, on a constant-currency basis, marking the tenth consecutive year of revenue growth. the addition of new vessels to the fleet, the consolidation of silversea cruises, perfect day at cococay and our miami terminal operation also contributed to our year-over-year revenue growth. onboard revenue and net onboard revenue growth came from a variety of revenue enhancing initiatives, including beverage package sales and promotions, gaming initiatives and new strategies and promotions on our shore excursions, specialty restaurants and internet services.
cruise operating expenses increased $801.0 million in 2019 to $6.1 billion from $5.3 billion in 2018. adjusting for capacity, our gross cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel increased by 8.7% and 11.4%, respectively, on a constant currency basis compared to 2018 driven primarily by the consolidation of silversea cruises, our new operations of perfect day at cococay and our terminal operation in miami.
the company remains focused on improving returns for our shareholders. in 2019, we bought back $100.0 million in shares of common stock and have $600.0 million remaining under our $1.0 billion share repurchase program that was announced in may 2018. consistent with our earnings growth, we also announced a 11% increase to our common stock dividend, our seventh consecutive year with a dividend increase.
perfect day at cococay is the first of our perfect day island collection of next-level private destinations. the island debuted a combination of first-of-their-kind thrills and one-of-a-kind ways to chill that significantly change what is possible in a vacation destination. the island features the tallest waterslide in north america, the up and away helium balloon, and the caribbean's largest wave pool.
the year 2020 has started off challenging as we address the impact of the recent coronavirus outbreak on our operations. prior to the outbreak, our sailings in china were trending particularly well both in terms of rate and volume. our itineraries in china were expected to represent 6% and 4% of our full year and first quarter 2020 capacity, respectively. the travel restrictions and other measures taken by china and other countries to contain the disease have resulted in the cancellation of an increasing number of our cruises in the region. we have also implemented several measures restricting the boarding of certain at-risk guests and crew on our ships. these and other concerns and restrictions relating to the coronavirus outbreak are having an impact on the demand for cruises and causing travel restrictions, guest cancellations, an unavailability of ports and/or destinations, ship redeployments and an inability to source our crew, provisions or supplies from certain places. all of these issues are having and are likely to continue to have a material impact on our bookings, operations and our overall financial performance. however, given the fluidity and uncertainty of this situation, we are unable to predict the full financial impact that this incident will have on our operations and financial condition, including what our yields and earnings for 2020 will be (see outlook).
in 2020, we expect our capacity to increase 4.8% year-over-year as we add odyssey of the seas and celebrity apex as well as two silversea vessels, silver origin and silver moon, to the fleet. we've slightly table of contents increased our capacity in the caribbean to over 50% of our total capacity in 2020, driven by the inaugural winter seasons of odyssey of the seas and celebrity apex. our european itineraries will account for 17% of our 2020 capacity with the year-over-year increase driven by the timing of drydocks and the addition of celebrity apex and silver moon. excluding the impact of the recent coronavirus outbreak, we expect another year of total revenue and net yield growth driven by our new ships, strong demand for our core products and continued growth from our onboard revenue areas.
in addition, we recently announced our  program which presents specific goals to be achieved by 2025: delivering $20.00 adjusted earnings per share; further reducing the company's carbon footprint by 25%; delivering strong returns on invested capital; and continuing to improve on record guest satisfaction and employee engagement metrics. our management team is goal motivated and our aim, through this program, is to establish clear, simple, and ambitious targets that will motivate our people and drive superior results. adopting these clear and simple  goals will help guide our everyday decision-making to focus on people, profits and planet.
table of contents results of operations for reporting purposes, we include silversea cruises' results of operations on a three-month reporting lag from october 1, 2018 through september 30, 2019 in our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 and from the date of acquisition through september 30, 2018 in our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018. refer to note 1. general and note 3. business combinations to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the three-month reporting lag and the silversea cruises acquisition.
in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2019 include:
our net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. and adjusted net income for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $1.9 billion and $2.0 billion, or $8.95 and $9.54 per share on a diluted basis, respectively, as compared to net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. and adjusted net income of $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion, or $8.56 and $8.86 per share on a diluted basis, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2018.
total revenues, excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency rates, increased by $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018 primarily due to an increase in capacity and an increase in ticket prices and onboard spending on a per passenger basis, which are further discussed below.
the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket and onboard and other revenue transactions, denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, resulted in a decrease in total revenues of $127.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018.
total cruise operating expenses, excluding the effect of changes in foreign currency rate, increased by $837.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018, primarily due to an increase in capacity, which is further discussed below.
the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses, denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, resulted in a decrease in total operating expenses of $36.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the same period in 2018.
effective june 5th, 2019, we stopped sailings to cuba as the u.s government rescinded authorized travel to cuba under the people-to-people program and prohibited travel to cuba via cruise ships. the estimated negative impact resulting from this regulatory change, primarily due to changes in itineraries, is approximately $0.29 per share on a diluted basis to our net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.
the estimated negative impact resulting from the grand bahama drydock structure incident involving oasis of the seas, net of insurance recoveries and including our share of the write-off of the related drydock by grand bahama, is approximately $0.36 per share on a diluted basis to our net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.
the estimated negative impact resulting from 2019 hurricane-related disruptions was approximately $0.15 per share on a diluted basis to our net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.
in april 2019, we entered into and drew in full on an unsecured three-year term loan agreement in the amount of $1.0 billion. proceeds of this loan were used to repay the $700 million 364-day loan due july 2019 related to the acquisition of silversea cruises and the remaining balance of the unsecured term loan originally incurred in 2010 to purchase allure of the seas. the repayment of these loans resulted in a total loss on the extinguishment of debt of $6.3 million, which was recognized within other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
table of contents other items for 2019 include:
in february 2019, tui cruises, our 50% joint venture, took delivery of a new mein schiff 2 and the existing mein schiff 2 was renamed mein schiff herz.
during the second quarter of 2019, we took delivery of spectrum of the seas and celebrity flora. to finance the purchases, we borrowed $908.0 million and 80.0 million, or approximately $89.8 million based on the exchange rate at december 31, 2019, respectively, under previously committed unsecured term loans. refer to note 9. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information. additionally, spectrum of the seas and celebrity flora entered service in april 2019 and at the end of june 2019, respectively.
in april 2019, we amended our $1.4 billion unsecured revolving credit facility due in 2020 to extend the termination date through april 2024, increase the facility size to $1.7 billion and reduce pricing. refer to note 9. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information.
in april 2019, silversea cruises entered into an agreement with meyer werft to build two ships of a new generation, known as the evolution-class. in september 2019, we entered into credit agreements for the unsecured financing of these ships for up to 80% of each ship's contract price. refer to note 11. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information.
in may 2019, we amended our $1.15 billion unsecured revolving credit facility due in 2022 to reduce pricing to match pricing on our $1.7 billion unsecured revolving credit facility due in 2024.
in june 2019, we entered into a $300 million unsecured term loan facility for the financing of silversea cruises' silver moon. refer to note 9. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 1. financial statements for further information.
in june 2019, we entered into an agreement with meyer turku to build a third icon-class ship. in december 2019, we entered into a credit agreement for the unsecured financing for up to 80% of the ship's contract price. refer to note 19. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
in december 2019, we entered into a credit agreement for the unsecured financing for up to 80% contract price for the sixth oasis-class ship. refer to note 19. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
table of contents we reported net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd, adjusted net income, earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share as shown in the following table (in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                                                                                                  2018                            2017
net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                                                                              $1,878,887                      $1,811,042                   $1,625,133
adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                                                                      2,002,847                       1,873,363                   1,625,133
net adjustments to net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. - increase                                                                                  $123,960                         $62,321                   $-
adjustments to net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.:
oasis of the seas incident, grand bahama's drydock write-off and other incidental expenses (1)                                                                           35,239                               -                   -
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                                                            6,326                               -                   -
change in the fair value of contingent consideration and amortization of silversea cruises intangible assets related to silversea cruises acquisition (2)                30,675                           2,046                   -
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (3)                                                                                                                  13,707                               -                   -
transaction and integration costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition (2)                                                                                        2,048                          31,759                   -
noncontrolling interest adjustment (4)                                                                                                                                   35,965                           3,156                   -
impairment loss related to skysea holding (5)                                                                                                                                 -                          23,343                   -
impairment and other costs related to exit of tour operations business (6)                                                                                                    -                          11,255                   -
impact of change in accounting principle (7)                                                                                                                                  -                         (9,238)                   -
net adjustments to net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. - increase                                                                                  $123,960                         $62,321                   $-
basic:
earnings per share                                                                                                                                                        $8.97                           $8.60                   $7.57
adjusted earnings per share                                                                                                                                               $9.56                           $8.90                   $7.57
diluted:
earnings per share                                                                                                                                                        $8.95                           $8.56                   $7.53
adjusted earnings per share                                                                                                                                               $9.54                           $8.86                   $7.53
weighted-average shares outstanding:
basic                                                                                                                                                                   209,405                         210,570                   214,617
diluted                                                                                                                                                                 209,930                         211,554                   215,694
(1)amount includes incidental costs, net of insurance recoveries of $14.5 million related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, which were reported primarily within other operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019; and $20.7 million regarding the grand bahama incident involving one of its drydocks, included in our equity investment income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019. refer to note 8. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for information.
(2)refer to note 3. business combination to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for information on the silversea cruises acquisition.
(3)represents restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure and other initiatives expenses. refer to note 20. restructuring charges to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the restructuring activities.
(4)adjustment made to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by silversea cruises group ltd.'s noncontrolling interest. refer to note 11. noncontrolling interest to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on noncontrolling interest.
(5)refer to note 8. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for information on the impairment loss related to skysea holding.

(6)in 2014, we created a tour operations business that focused on developing, marketing and selling land based tours around the world through an e-commerce platform. during the second quarter of 2018, we decided to cease operations and exit this business. as a result, we incurred exit costs, primarily consisting of fixed asset impairment charges and severance expense.
(7)in january 2018, we elected to change our accounting policy for recognizing stock-based compensation expense from the graded attribution method to the straight-line attribution method for time-based stock awards. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on our accounting policy.
the following table presents operating results as a percentage of total revenues for the last three years:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                            2018                      2017
passenger ticket revenues                                         71.7   %                  71.5   %                  71.9   %
onboard and other revenues                                        28.3   %                  28.5   %                  28.1   %
total revenues                                                   100.0   %                 100.0   %                 100.0   %
cruise operating expenses:
commissions, transportation and other                             15.1   %                  15.1   %                  15.5   %
onboard and other                                                  5.8   %                   5.7   %                   5.6   %
payroll and related                                                9.9   %                   9.7   %                   9.7   %
food                                                               5.3   %                   5.5   %                   5.6   %
fuel                                                               6.4   %                   7.5   %                   7.8   %
other operating                                                   12.8   %                  12.0   %                  11.5   %
total cruise operating expenses                                   55.4   %                  55.4   %                  55.8   %
marketing, selling and administrative expenses                    14.2   %                  13.7   %                  13.5   %
depreciation and amortization expenses                            11.4   %                  10.9   %                  10.8   %
operating income                                                  19.0   %                  20.0   %                  19.9   %
other income (expense):
interest income                                                    0.2   %                   0.3   %                   0.3   %
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                    (3.7)   %                 (3.5)   %                 (3.4)   %
equity investment income                                           2.1   %                   2.2   %                   1.8   %
other (expense) income                                           (0.2)   %                   0.1   %                 (0.1)   %
(1.6)   %                 (0.8)   %                 (1.4)   %
net income                                                        17.4   %                  19.1   %                  18.5   %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest           0.3   %                   0.1   %                     -   %
net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.           17.2   %                  19.1   %                  18.5   %
selected statistical information is shown in the following table:
year ended december 31,
2019 (1)                         2018 (1)                            2017
passengers carried                6,553,865                        6,084,201                        5,768,496
passenger cruise days            44,803,953                       41,853,052                       40,033,527
apcd                             41,432,451                       38,425,304                       36,930,939
occupancy                             108.1    %   108.9                        %                       108.4   %
___________________________________________________________________
(1) we acquired silversea cruises on july 31, 2018 and report their results on a three-month reporting lag. as a result, 2019 figures include october 2018 through september 2019 silversea cruises amounts and 2018 figures include august and september 2018 silversea cruises amounts. refer to note 1. general and note 3. business combination to our consolidated financial statements table of contents under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the three-month reporting lag and the silversea cruises acquisition.
gross yields and net yields were calculated as follows (in thousands, except apcd and yields:
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                       2019   2018                            2017
on a constant currency basis passenger ticket revenues                       $7,857,057                      $7,968,116                       $6,792,716                      $6,313,170
onboard and other revenues                       3,093,604                       3,109,939                        2,701,133                       2,464,675
total revenues                                  10,950,661                      11,078,055                        9,493,849                       8,777,845
less:
commissions, transportation and other            1,656,297                       1,675,941                        1,433,739                       1,363,170
onboard and other                                  639,782                         643,350                          537,355                         495,552
net revenues                                    $8,654,582                      $8,758,764                       $7,522,755                      $6,919,123
apcd                                            41,432,451                      41,432,451                       38,425,304                      36,930,939
gross yields                                       $264.30                         $267.38                          $247.07                         $237.68
net yields                                         $208.88                         $211.40                          $195.78                         $187.35
table of contents gross cruise costs, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except apcd and costs per apcd):
year ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                                                                                    2019 on a   2018                            2017
constant currency basis total cruise operating expenses                                                                                                  $6,062,765                      $6,099,657                        $5,262,207                      $4,896,579
marketing, selling and administrative expenses (1) (2)                                                                            1,543,498                       1,555,703                         1,269,368                       1,186,016
gross cruise costs                                                                                                                7,606,263                       7,655,360                         6,531,575                       6,082,595
less:
commissions, transportation and other                                                                                             1,656,297                       1,675,941                         1,433,739                       1,363,170
onboard and other                                                                                                                   639,782                         643,350                           537,355                         495,552
net cruise costs including other costs                                                                                            5,310,184                       5,336,069                         4,560,481                       4,223,873
less:
costs, net of insurance recoveries, related to the oasis of the seas incident included within cruise operating expenses              14,530                          14,530                                 -                               -
net cruise costs                                                                                                                  5,295,654                       5,321,539                         4,560,481                       4,223,873
less:
fuel                                                                                                                                697,962                         697,981                           710,617                         681,118
net cruise costs excluding fuel                                                                                                  $4,597,692                      $4,623,558                        $3,849,864                      $3,542,755
apcd                                                                                                                             41,432,451                      41,432,451                        38,425,304                      36,930,939
gross cruise costs per apcd                                                                                                         $183.58                         $184.77                           $169.98                         $164.70
net cruise costs per apcd                                                                                                           $127.81                         $128.44                           $118.68                         $114.37
net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd                                                                                            $110.97                         $111.59                           $100.19                          $95.93
___________________________________________________________________
(1) for the year ended december 31, 2019, the amount does not include integration costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition of $0.9 million, transaction costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition of $1.2 million and restructuring and other initiative costs of $13.7 million.
(2) for the year ended december 31, 2018, the amount does not include transaction costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition of $31.8 million, the impairment and other costs related to the exit of our tour operations business of $11.3 million and the impact of the change in accounting principle of $9.2 million related to the recognition of stock-based compensation expense. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the change in an accounting principle.
table of contents outlook the widely reported coronavirus outbreak and efforts by china and other countries to move aggressively to contain the spread of the disease have adversely impacted our business, including a drop in demand for cruises, guest cancellations, travel restrictions, an unavailability of ports and/or destinations, cruise cancellations, ship redeployments and an inability to source our crew, provisions or supplies from certain places. we have implemented several measures to protect guest and crew, including denying boarding to those that have travelled from, to or through mainland china or hong kong in the past 15 days and performing mandatory specialized health screenings on at-risk guest and crew. these measures have caused us to cancel cruise bookings or restrict certain guests from booking our cruises. we are assessing the developments constantly and will update our protective measures as needed.
as a result of these measures, we have now cancelled 30 sailings in southeast asia and modified several itineraries in the region which overall have an estimated impact of $0.90 per share to our 2020 financial performance. if the company were to cancel all of its remaining sailings in asia through the end of april, it would impact our 2020 financial performance by an additional $0.30.
there are still too many variables and uncertainties regarding the impact of this outbreak on our business in asia and elsewhere to reasonably forecast the full impact on our business, including what our yields and earnings for 2020 will be. these concerns and restrictions over the outbreak are impacting our bookings and are having, and are likely to continue to have, a material impact on our overall financial performance.
the company does not make predictions about fuel pricing, interest rates or currency exchange rates but does provide guidance about its future business activities. on february 4, 2020, we announced the following initial full year and first quarter 2020 guidance based on the then current fuel pricing, interest rates and currency exchange rates. given the fluidity of the circumstances related to the recent coronavirus and the actions being taken to contain its spread, the following 2020 guidance does not include any financial impact related to the coronavirus outbreak:
full year 2020
as reported       constant currency net yields                                                        2.5% to 4.5%          2.25% to 4.25%
net cruise costs per apcd                                       1.75% to 2.25%          1.75% to 2.25%
net cruise costs per apcd, excluding fuel                       1.75% to 2.25%          1.75% to 2.25%
capacity change                                                4.8%
depreciation and amortization                         $1,376 to $1,392 million interest expense, net                                     $368 to $384 million fuel consumption (metric tons)                            1,534,300
fuel expenses                                                     $744 million percent hedged (fwd consumption)                                54%
10% change in fuel prices                                          $37 million
1% change in currency                                              $21 million
1% change in net yields                                            $91 million
1% change in ncc x fuel                                            $48 million
100 basis pt. change in libor                                      $37 million adjusted earnings per share - diluted                         $10.40 to $10.70
table of contents first quarter 2020
as reported   constant currency net yields                                              (0.5%) to (1.0%)   approx. (0.5%)
net cruise costs per apcd                                  approx. 4.25%   approx. 4.5%
net cruise costs per apcd, excluding fuel                   approx. 3.0%   approx. 3.0%
capacity change                                            4.5%
depreciation and amortization                       $321 to $325 million interest expense, net                                 $85 to $89 million fuel consumption (metric tons)                          375,200
fuel expenses                                               $191 million percent hedged (fwd consumption)                            62%
10% change in fuel prices                                     $9 million
1% change in currency                                         $4 million
1% change in net yields                                      $20 million
1% change in ncc x fuel                                      $12 million
100 basis pt. change in libor                                 $7 million adjusted earnings per share - diluted                     $0.80 to $0.85
since our earnings release on february 4, 2020, fuel prices and foreign currency exchange rates have fluctuated and are likely to continue to do so. accordingly, except for the impact of the recent coronavirus outbreak, described above, fuel prices and foreign currency exchange rates, our forecast remains essentially unchanged.
volatility in foreign currency exchange rates affects the united states dollar value of our earnings. based on our highest net exposure for each quarter and the full year 2020, the top five foreign currencies are ranked below. for example, the australian dollar is the most impactful currency in the first and fourth quarters of 2020. rankings are based on estimated net exposures.
ranking        q1          q2          q3          q4          ytd 2020
aud         gbp         gbp         aud         gbp cad         cad         cnh         gbp         aud gbp         aud         eur         cad         cad brl         cnh         cad         eur         cnh mxn         eur         aud         cnh         eur the currency abbreviations above are defined as follows:
currency abbreviation         currency aud                           australian dollar brl                           brazilian real cad                           canadian dollar cnh                           chinese yuan eur                           euro gbp                           british pound mxn                           mexican peso table of contents year ended december 31, 2019 compared to year ended december 31, 2018
in this section, references to 2019 refer to the year ended december 31, 2019 and references to 2018 refer to the year ended december 31, 2018.
revenues total revenues for 2019 increased $1.5 billion, or 15.3%, to $11.0 billion from $9.5 billion in 2018.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 71.7% of our 2019 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $1.1 billion, or 15.7% from 2018. the increase was primarily due to:
an 7.8% increase in capacity, which increased passenger ticket revenues by $565.0 million, primarily due to the additions of spectrum of the seas in the second quarter of 2019, symphony of the seas in the second quarter of 2018, azamara pursuit in the third quarter of 2018, celebrity edge in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the acquisition of silversea cruises in the second half of 2018, partially offset by a significant increase in dry dock days in 2019 compared to 2018 and the negative impact of canceled and modified sailings resulting from the dry-dock incident in the grand bahama shipyard and hurricane-related disruptions during 2019.
an increase of $614.0 million in ticket prices primarily driven by the addition of spectrum of the seas, symphony of the seas, azamara pursuit, celebrity edge and the silversea cruises fleet, and the higher pricing on our caribbean and asia/pacific sailings, net of the negative impact to our ticket price on a per passenger basis resulting from itinerary changes related to the travel restrictions to cuba.
the increase in passenger ticket revenues was partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $(111.1) million.
the remaining 28.3% of 2019 total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which increased $392.5 million, or 14.5%. the increase in onboard and other revenues was primarily due to:
a $118.4 million increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to shore excursions, perfect day at cococay, specialty restaurants, internet services, beverage package sales and promotions, gaming initiatives and new programs and activities offered to our guests;
a $193.6 million increase attributable to the 7.8% increase in capacity noted above, net of the negative impact of canceled and modified sailings resulting from the dry-dock incident in the grand bahama shipyard and hurricane-related disruptions in 2019; and
a $79.7 million increase in other revenues primarily due to revenue associated with our new cruise terminal at portmiami and cancellation fees associated with non-refundable deposits and higher pricing.
onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $363.8 million in 2019 and $339.0 million in 2018.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses for 2019 increased $800.6 million, or 15.2%, to $6.1 billion in 2019 from $5.3 billion in 2018. the increase was primarily due to:
the 7.8% increase in capacity noted above, which increased cruise operating expenses by $433.3 million;
a $367.3 million increase in total cruise operating expenses, excluding capacity, was primarily due to the addition of silversea cruises to our fleet in the second half of 2018 as well as incidental costs related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, expenses associated with operating perfect day at cococay and our new cruise terminal at portmiami.
the increase in cruise operating expenses was partially offset by:
a $47.0 million decrease in fuel expenses, excluding the impact of capacity. our cost of fuel (net of the financial impact of fuel swap agreements) for 2019 decreased 11% per metric ton compared to 2018; and table of contents
a favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to costs denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $37.0 million.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2019 increased $256.1 million, or 19.7%, to $1.6 billion from $1.3 billion in 2018. the increase was primarily due to the addition of silversea cruises in the second half of 2018, higher spending on advertisement and media promotions and an increase in payroll and benefits expense primarily driven by an increase in headcount and higher stock price year over year related to our performance share awards. additionally, 2019 includes expenses associated with hurricane dorian relief efforts, which did not occur in 2018.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2019 and 2018 include transaction costs incurred by us related to the silversea cruises acquisition of $1.2 million and $31.8 million, respectively.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2019 increased $212.2 million, or 20.5%, to $1.2 billion. the increase was primarily due to the addition of spectrum of the seas in the second quarter of 2019, symphony of the seas in the second quarter of 2018, azamara pursuit in the third quarter of 2018, celebrity edge in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the addition of silversea cruises to our fleet in the second half of 2018. additionally, to a lesser extent, the increase is also attributable to new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade projects and additions related to our shoreside projects.
other income (expense)
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, increased $74.8 million, or 22.4%, to $408.5 million in 2019 from $333.7 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to a higher average debt level in 2019 compared to 2018 attributable to the financing of our newbuilds and our acquisition of silversea cruises in the second half of 2018 and to lesser extent, higher interest rates in 2019 compared to 2018.
equity investment income increased $20.2 million, or 9.6%, to $231.0 million in 2019 from $210.8 million in 2018 primarily due to an increase in income from various equity investments, partially offset by equity investment losses from grand bahama as a result of a drydock write-off in 2019.
other expense was $24.5 million in 2019 compared to other income of $11.1 million in 2018. the increase in expense of $35.6 million was mainly due to higher taxes resulting from a full year of silversea cruises activity reported in 2019 and higher u.s. taxable income in 2019; and an increase in the fair value of contingent consideration related to the silversea cruises acquisition. in addition, a gain of $21.8 million was reported in 2018 related to the recognition of the remaining balance of a deferred gain from the sale of celebrity galaxy to tui cruises in march 2009. in april 2018, tui cruises sold this ship to an affiliate of tui ag, resulting in the recognition of the remaining balance of the deferred gain. other income in 2018 also includes a gain of $13.7 million related to the sale of our remaining equity interest in a travel agency business that we sold in 2015. the gains in 2018 were partially offset by an impairment charge of $23.3 million to write down our investment balance, debt facility and other receivables due from skysea holding to their net realizable value in 2018. for further information on the deferred gain recognized and impairment charge, refer to note 8. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
gross and net yields gross and net yields increased 7.0% and 6.7% in 2019, respectively, compared to 2018 primarily due to the increase in passenger ticket and onboard and other revenues discussed above. gross and net yields on a constant currency basis increased 8.2% and 8.0%, respectively, in 2019 compared to 2018.
gross and net cruise costs gross and net cruise costs increased 16.5% and 16.1%, respectively, in 2019 compared to 2018 and gross and net cruise costs per apcd increased 8.0% and 7.7%, respectively, in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to the increase in cruise operating expenses discussed above. gross and net cruise costs on a constant currency basis increased 17.2% and 16.7% respectively, in 2019 compared to 2018.
table of contents net cruise costs excluding fuel net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd increased 10.8% in 2019 compared to 2018 and on a constant currency basis increased 11.4% in 2019 compared to 2018.
other comprehensive (loss) income other comprehensive loss in 2019 was $170.0 million compared to other comprehensive loss of $293.5 million in 2018. the decrease in loss of $123.5 million was primarily due to the loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2019 of $151.3 million compared to the loss on cash flow derivative hedges of $286.9 million in 2018. the decrease of $135.5 million in loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2019 was primarily due to an increase in the fair value of our fuel swap instruments held in 2019 compared to 2018.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017
in this section, references to 2018 refer to the year ended december 31, 2018 and references to 2017 refer to the year ended december 31, 2017.
revenues total revenues for 2018 increased $716.0 million, or 8.2%, to $9.5 billion from $8.8 billion in 2017.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 71.5% of our 2018 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $479.5 million, or 7.6% from 2017. the increase was primarily due to:
a 4.0% increase in capacity, which increased passenger ticket revenues by $255.5 million, primarily due to the addition of symphony of the seas in the second quarter of 2018, azamara pursuit in the third quarter of 2018 and, to a lesser extent, celebrity edge in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the silversea cruises fleet, partially offset by the sale of legend of the seas in 2017 and additional dry dock days in 2018 compared to 2017. additionally, 2017 includes the impact of canceled sailings from hurricane-related disruptions which did not recur in 2018;
an increase of $216.3 million in ticket prices primarily driven by higher pricing on asia/pacific and europe sailings and the increase to our ticket price on a per passenger basis due to the addition of symphony of the seas, azamara pursuit, celebrity edge and the silversea cruises fleet, partially offset by a decrease in pricing on caribbean sailings; and
the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of approximately $7.8 million.
the remaining 28.5% of 2018 total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which increased $236.5 million, or 9.6%. the increase in onboard and other revenues was primarily due to:
a $112.5 million increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our revenue enhancing initiatives, including beverage package sales and promotions, gaming initiatives, and new strategies and promotions on our shore excursion, specialty restaurant and internet services;
a $97.4 million increase attributable to the 4.0% increase in capacity noted above; and
a $23.2 million increase in other revenue primarily due to cancellation fees mostly associated with non-refundable deposit promotions and the addition of silversea cruises.
onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $339.0 million in 2018 and $326.5 million in 2017.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses for 2018 decreased $365.6 million, or 7.5%, to $5.3 billion in 2018 from $4.9 billion in 2017. the decrease was primarily due to:
the 4.0% increase in capacity noted above, which increased cruise operating expenses by $198.6 million;

a $30.9 million gain recognized in 2017 resulting from the sale of legend of the seas, which did not recur in 2018;
a $37.3 million increase in payroll and related expenses primarily driven by silversea cruises' higher crew to passenger ratio, an increase in employee bonuses and changes in our gratuity structure;
a $23.5 million increase in air expense primarily related to the addition of silversea cruises and itinerary changes;
a $19.7 million increase in vessel maintenance primarily due to the timing of scheduled drydocks; and
an unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency, exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of $8.1 million.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2018 increased $117.1 million, or 9.9%, to $1.3 billion from $1.2 billion in 2017. the increase was primarily due to transaction costs incurred by us related to the silversea cruises acquisition, marketing, selling and administrative expenses due to the addition of silversea cruises, the impairment and other costs related to the exit of our tour operations business, which occurred in 2018, and an increase in payroll and benefits expense primarily driven by an increase in headcount, partially offset by lower stock prices year over year related to our performance share awards, as well as higher spending on advertisement.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2018 increased $82.5 million, or 8.7%, to $1.0 billion. the increase was primarily due to the addition of symphony of the seas, azamara pursuit and silversea cruises to our fleet and, to a lesser extent, the addition of celebrity edge, new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade projects and additions related to our shoreside projects. the increase was partially offset by the sale of legend of the seas in 2017.
other income (expense)
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, increased $33.7 million, or 11.2%, to $333.7 million in 2018 from $300.0 million in 2017. the increase was mostly due to a higher average debt level in 2018 compared to 2017, attributable to the financing of symphony of the seas, celebrity edge and our acquisition of silversea cruises in 2018, and higher interest rates in 2018 compared to 2017, partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest due to our ships on order.
equity investment income increased $54.5 million, or 34.9%, to $210.8 million in 2018 from $156.2 million in 2017 primarily due to an increase in income from tui cruises.
other income was $11.1 million in 2018 compared to other expense of  $5.3 million in 2017. the change of $16.4 million was mainly due to a gain of $21.8 million in 2018 related to the recognition of the remaining balance of a deferred gain from the sale of celebrity galaxy to tui cruises in march 2009. in april 2018, tui cruises sold this ship to an affiliate of tui ag, resulting in the recognition of the remaining balance of the deferred gain. in addition, other income in 2018 includes a gain of $13.7 million related to the sale of our remaining equity interest in a travel agency business that we sold in 2015. the increase in other income was partially offset by an impairment charge of $23.3 million to write down our investment balance, debt facility and other receivables due from skysea holding to their net realizable value in 2018. for further information on the deferred gain recognized and impairment charge, refer to note 8. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
gross and net yields gross and net yields increased 4.0% and 4.5% in 2018, respectively, compared to 2017 primarily due to the increase in passenger ticket and onboard and other revenues, which are further discussed above. gross and net yields on a constant currency basis increased 3.8% and 4.4%, respectively, in 2018 compared to 2017.
gross and net cruise costs table of contents gross and net cruise costs increased 7.4% and 8.0%, respectively, in 2018 compared to 2017 and gross and net cruise costs per apcd increased 3.2% and 3.8%, respectively, in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to the increase in cruise operating expenses discussed above. gross and net cruise costs on a constant currency basis increased 7.2% and 7.7%, respectively, in 2018 compared to 2017.
net cruise costs excluding fuel net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd increased 4.4% in 2018 compared to 2017 and on a constant currency basis increased 4.1% in 2018 compared to 2017.
other comprehensive (loss) income other comprehensive loss in 2018 was $293.5 million compared to other comprehensive income of $582.2 million in 2017. the change of $875.7 million was primarily due to the loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2018 of $286.9 million compared to the gain on cash flow derivative hedges of $570.5 million in 2017. the change of $857.4 million in 2018 was primarily due to a decrease in foreign currency forward contract values in 2018 compared to an increase in 2017, a decrease in fuel swap instrument values in 2018 compared to an increase in 2017 and fuel swap losses recognized in income in 2017 compared to fuel swap gains recognized in income in 2018.
table of contents future application of accounting standards refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. net cash provided by operating activities increased $237.2 million to $3.7 billion in 2019 compared to $3.5 billion in 2018. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits and an increase in cash receipts from onboard spending. the increase was partially offset by a decrease in dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates of $92.9 million.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $604.6 million to $3.5 billion in 2018 compared to $2.9 billion in 2017. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits, an increase in cash receipts from onboard spending and a decrease in fuel costs in 2018 compared to 2017. additionally, dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates increased by $133.4 million.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $1.4 billion to $3.1 billion in 2019 compared to $4.5 billion in 2018. the decrease was primarily attributable to the $916.1 million of cash paid for the acquisition of silversea cruises, net of cash acquired, in 2018, which did not recur in 2019 and a decrease in capital expenditures of $635.4 million due mostly to the delivery of two more ships in 2018 compared to 2019, partially offset by higher fleet modernization costs in 2019 compared to 2018.
net cash used in investing activities increased $4.3 billion to $4.5 billion in 2018 compared to $213.6 million in 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in capital expenditures of $3.1 billion primarily due to the delivery of symphony of the seas and celebrity edge and to a lesser extent the purchase of azamara pursuit in 2018 compared to no ship deliveries or purchases in 2017 and $916.1 million of cash paid for the acquisition of silversea cruises, net of cash acquired, in 2018 as well as $230.0 million of proceeds received from the sale of property and equipment in 2017, which did not recur in 2018.
net cash used in financing activities was $670.4 million in 2019 compared to net cash provided in financing activities of $1.2 billion in 2018. the change was primarily attributable to a decrease in debt proceeds of $5.1 billion in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to a decrease in borrowings on our revolving credit facilities and less unsecured term loan borrowings resulting from less ship deliveries in 2019 and the financing of the acquisition of silversea cruises in 2018. this decrease in proceeds was partially offset by a decrease in repayments of debt of $2.9 billion and a decrease in stock repurchases of $475.5 million in 2019 compared to 2018.
net cash provided by financing activities was $1.2 billion in 2018 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $2.7 billion in 2017. the change was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes of $4.7 billion in 2018 compared to none issued in 2017 and an increase in debt proceeds of $2.7 billion in 2018 compared to 2017. the increase in debt proceeds in 2018 was primarily due to the $1.2 billion unsecured term loan borrowed to finance symphony of the seas, and the $729.0 million unsecured term loan borrowed to finance celebrity edge, the $700.0 million unsecured term loan borrowed to finance the acquisition of silversea cruises, an increase in borrowings on our revolving credit facilities and the $130.0 million credit agreement.
table of contents future capital commitments our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2019, we have two oasis-class ships, one quantum-class ship, and three ships of a new generation, known as our icon-class, on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 32,400 berths. as of december 31, 2019, we have three edge-class ships with an aggregate capacity of approximately 9,400 berths. additionally as of december 31, 2019, we have five ships on order for our silversea cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 2,400 berths. refer to item 1. business-operations for further information on our ships on order. for each of these orders, we have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship, almost all of which include sovereign financing guarantees.
as of december 31, 2019, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, not including any ships on order by our partner brands and the silversea cruises ships that remain contingent upon final documentation and financing, was approximately $14.8 billion, of which we had deposited $881.5 million as of such date. approximately 65.9% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2019. (refer to note 18. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 19. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data).
as of december 31, 2019, anticipated overall capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, are approximately $4.7 billion for 2020, $3.5 billion for 2021, $3.6 billion for 2022 and $2.9 billion for 2023.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019, our contractual obligations were as follows (in thousands):
payments due by period less than                          1-3                          3-5                      more than total                         1 year                        years                        years                        5 years operating activities:
operating lease obligations(1)              $938,354                     $126,234                       $217,941                     $177,057                     $417,122
interest on long-term debt(2)              1,918,714                      348,821                        588,296                      383,167                      598,430
other(3)                                     455,404                      202,879                        194,936                       23,356                       34,233
investing activities:
ship purchase obligations(4)              11,418,681                    2,195,931                      4,958,432                    3,060,998                    1,203,320
financing activities:
commercial paper(5)                        1,434,180                    1,434,180                              -                            -                            -
debt obligations(6)                        9,370,438                    1,153,024                      3,270,006                    1,476,538                    3,470,870
capital lease obligations(7)                 230,258                       33,562                         53,203                       10,541                      132,952
other(8)                                      15,008                        4,841                          7,406                        2,761
total                                    $25,781,037                   $5,499,472                     $9,290,220                   $5,134,418                   $5,856,927
___________________________________________________________________
(1)   we are obligated under noncancelable operating leases primarily for offices, warehouses and motor vehicles. amounts represent contractual obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(2)     debt obligations mature at various dates through fiscal year 2037 and bear interest at fixed and variable rates. interest on variable-rate debt is calculated based on forecasted debt balances, including the impact of interest rate swap agreements, using the applicable rate at december 31, 2019. debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2019.
(3)    amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts.
(4)     amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion or any agreements entered for ships on order that remain contingent upon completion of conditions precedent. additionally, amounts do not include activity related to silversea cruises, including ships placed on order, if any, during the three-month reporting lag period. refer to the capital expenditure section.
(5)   refer to note 9. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data to our consolidated financial statements for further information.

(6) debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2019. in addition, debt obligations presented above are net of debt issuance costs of $206.6 million as of december 31, 2019.
(7)      amounts represent capital lease obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(8)     amounts represent fees payable to sovereign guarantors in connection with certain of our export credit debt facilities and facility fees on our revolving credit facilities.
please refer to funding needs and sources below for discussion on the planned funding of the above contractual obligations.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we and tui ag have each guaranteed the repayment by tui cruises of 50% of a bank loan. as of december 31, 2019, the outstanding principal amount of the loan was 26.4 million, or approximately $29.7 million, based on the exchange rate at december 31, 2019. the loan amortizes quarterly and is currently secured by a first mortgage on mein schiff herz, previously known as mein schiff 2. based on current facts and circumstances, we do not believe potential obligations under our guarantee of this bank loan are probable.
tui cruises has entered into various ship construction and credit agreements that include certain restrictions on each of our and tui ag's ability to reduce our current ownership interest in tui cruises below 37.55% through may 2031.
some of the contracts that we enter into include indemnification provisions that obligate us to make payments to the counterparty if certain events occur. these contingencies generally relate to changes in taxes, increased lender capital costs and other similar costs. the indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business. there are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and we are not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these indemnification clauses. we have not been required to make any payments under such indemnification clauses in the past and, under current circumstances, we do not believe an indemnification obligation is probable.
as of december 31, 2019, other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $5.5 billion in contractual obligations due through december 31, 2020 of which approximately $2.6 billion relates to debt maturities including our commercial paper notes, $348.8 million relates to interest on debt and $2.2 billion relates to progress payments on our ship orders and the final installments payable due upon the deliveries of celebrity apex, silver origin, silver moon and odyssey of the seas in 2020. we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under our available credit facilities and our commercial paper program, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund these obligations.
as of december 31, 2019, we had a working capital deficit of $6.8 billion, which included $1.2 billion of current portion of debt, including finance leases, and $1.4 billion of commercial paper. as of december 31, 2018, we had a working capital deficit of $5.9 billion, which included $1.6 billion of current portion of debt, including finance leases and $0.8 million of commercial paper. similar to others in our industry, we operate with a substantial working capital deficit. this deficit is mainly attributable to the fact that, under our business model, a vast majority of our passenger ticket receipts are collected in advance of the applicable sailing date. these advance passenger table of contents receipts remain a current liability until the sailing date. the cash generated from these advance receipts is used interchangeably with cash on hand from other sources, such as our revolving credit facilities, commercial paper and other cash from operations. the cash received as advanced receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable future sailing or otherwise, pay down our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper, invest in long term investments or any other use of cash. in addition, we have a relatively low-level of accounts receivable and rapid turnover results in a limited investment in inventories. we generate substantial cash flows from operations, and our business model, along with our unsecured revolving credit facilities, has historically allowed us to maintain this working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs. we expect that we will continue to have working capital deficits in the future.
as of december 31, 2019, we had liquidity of $1.5 billion, consisting of $243.7 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.3 billion available under our unsecured credit facilities, net of our outstanding commercial paper notes.
we anticipate that our cash flows from operations and our current financing arrangements, as described above, will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next twelve-month period.
as of december 31, 2019, we have approximately $600.0 million that remains available for future common stock repurchase transactions under a 24-month common stock repurchase program for up to $1.0 billion authorized by our board of directors in may 2018. repurchases under the program may be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions and are expected to be funded from available cash or borrowings. refer to note 12. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplemental data for further information.
if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
debt covenants certain of our financing agreements contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain minimum net worth of at least $9.9 billion, a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than 62.5%. the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated by dividing net cash from operations for the past four quarters by the sum of dividend payments plus scheduled principal debt payments in excess of any new financings for the past four quarters. our minimum net worth and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total shareholders' equity. we were well in excess of all debt covenant requirements as of december 31, 2019. the specific covenants and related definitions can be found in the applicable debt agreements, the majority of which have been previously filed with the securities and exchange commission.
dividends in december 2019, we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.78 per share which was paid in the first quarter of 2020. we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.78 per share during the third quarter of 2019 which was paid in the fourth quarter of 2019. during the first and second quarters of 2019, we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.70 per share which was paid in the second and third quarters of 2019, respectively. during the first quarter of 2019, we also paid a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.70 per share which was declared during the fourth quarter of 2018.

