item 1a. risk factors risks related to our business if our wireless service provider customers combine their operations to a significant degree, our future operating results, ability to service our indebtedness, and stock price could be adversely affected.
significant consolidation among our wireless service provider customers may result in our customers failing to renew existing leases for tower space or reducing future capital expenditures in the aggregate because their existing networks and expansion plans may overlap or be very similar, or acquired technologies may be discontinued. at&t, verizon and sprint have grown through acquisitions of other wireless service providers. as a result, the combined companies have rationalized duplicative parts of their networks, and, in the case of sprint, the nextel iden network was discontinued. these consolidations have led and may continue to lead to non-renewal of certain of our tower leases. in april 2018, t-mobile and sprint entered into a definitive agreement to merge, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. both the fcc and the department of justice have approved the merger and it is currently expected to close during 2020. if this potential transaction closes, it may lead to the non-renewal of certain leases as a result of the rationalization of duplicative or overlapping parts of their networks. for the year ended december 31, 2019, t-mobile and sprint represented approximately 17.2% and 15.2% of our total site leasing revenue, respectively. the revenue generated from sprint where both t-mobile and sprint overlap on sites where both companies leased space represented 6.0% of our total site leasing revenue for the year ended december 31, 2019, excluding, and incremental to, the impact from previously disclosed expected consolidation churn from t-mobile's metropcs and sprint's clearwire networks. in addition, these overlapping sites have an average remaining current term of approximately 4.4 years and 4.6 years with sprint and t-mobile, respectively.
if our wireless service provider customers continue to consolidate as a result of, among other factors, limited wireless spectrum for commercial use in the u.s., these consolidations could significantly impact the number of tower leases that are not renewed or the number of new leases that our wireless service provider customers require to expand their networks, which could materially and adversely affect our future operating results and our ability to service our indebtedness. these risks could be exacerbated due to changes in governmental policy that may favor industry consolidation. in addition, our customers may decide not to renew certain tower leases on towers that do not have duplicative or overlapping antennas, which could further impact our operating results.
consolidation may also occur among wireless service provider customers in our international markets. for example, in january 2019, claro acquired telefonica's assets in guatemala and el salvador, two markets in which we own towers. consolidations in our international markets may also lead to non-renewal of certain of our tower leases, which could adversely affect our operating results.
in addition, the market price of our class a common stock may be affected by the economic and market perception of the announcement or consummation of wireless service provider customer consolidations and their impact on our future operating results.
we depend on a relatively small number of customers for most of our revenue, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of our significant customers may materially decrease our revenue and adversely affect our financial condition.
we derive a significant portion of our revenue from a small number of customers. consequently, a reduction in demand for site leasing, reduced future capital expenditures on the networks, or the loss, as a result of bankruptcy, merger with other customers of ours or otherwise, of any of our largest customers could materially decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our growth.
the following is a list of significant customers (representing at least 10% of revenue in any of the last three years) and the percentage of our total revenues for the specified time periods derived from these customers:
for the year ended december 31, percentage of total revenues   2019          2018              2017
at&amp;t wireless                    23.8%             24.0%             25.0%
t-mobile                             18.2%             16.4%             16.5%
sprint                               16.9%             17.9%             15.1%
verizon wireless                     14.0%             14.7%             15.2%
we also have client concentrations with respect to revenues in each of our financial reporting segments:
for the year ended december 31, percentage of domestic site leasing revenue               2019   2018              2017
at&amp;t wireless                                        32.1%             31.9%             32.7%
t-mobile                                                 21.6%             20.3%             19.7%
sprint                                                   19.0%             19.6%             18.9%
verizon wireless                                         18.6%             19.0%             19.0%
for the year ended december 31, percentage of international site leasing revenue          2019   2018              2017
oi s.a.                                                  31.3%             35.5%             42.2%
telefonica                                               26.9%             26.7%             25.7%
claro                                                    11.6%             11.4%             10.0%
‎
for the year ended december 31, percentage of site development revenue   2019          2018              2017
sprint                                         37.3%             47.1%             12.9%
t-mobile                                       30.2%             16.4%             26.9%
verizon wireless                                2.9%              6.4%             12.8%
nokia, inc.                                     4.3%              3.2%             10.1%
we derive revenue through numerous site leasing contracts and site development contracts. in the united states and canada, each site leasing contract relates to the lease of space at an individual tower and is generally for an initial term of five years to 10 years with multiple five year renewal periods at the option of the tenant. tenant leases in south africa and our central and south american markets typically have an initial term of 10 years with multiple five year renewal periods. however, if any of our significant site leasing customers were to experience financial difficulty, substantially reduce their capital expenditures or reduce their dependence on leased tower space and fail to renew their leases with us, our revenues, future revenue growth and results of operations would be adversely affected. for example, in january 2018, oi, s.a. ("oi"), our largest customer in brazil, emerged from bankruptcy with a reorganization plan and is expected to resolve all of its pre-petition obligations. however, if oi is unable to successfully fulfill its reorganization obligations or cannot operate its business on a go-forward basis, it could adversely affect our future results of operations. in addition, many of our tenants in our international markets are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. these subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities, which may impact their creditworthiness.
our site development customers engage us on a project-by-project basis, and a customer can generally terminate an assignment at any time without penalty. in addition, a customer's need for site development services can decrease, and we may not be successful in establishing relationships with new customers. furthermore, our existing customers may not continue to engage us for additional projects.
we have a substantial level of indebtedness which may have an adverse effect on our business or limit our ability to take advantage of business, strategic or financing opportunities.
as indicated below, we have and will continue to have a significant amount of indebtedness. the following table sets forth our total principal amount of debt and shareholders' deficit as of december 31, 2019 and 2018.
as of december 31,
2019                  2018
(in thousands)
total principal amount of indebtedness       $10,414,000             $10,028,000
shareholders' deficit                        $(3,667,007)            $(3,376,823)
our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay the principal, interest, or other amounts due on our indebtedness. subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may also incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, which may have the effect of increasing our total leverage.
as a consequence of our indebtedness, (1) demands on our cash resources may increase, (2) we are subject to restrictive covenants that further limit our financial and operating flexibility and (3) we may choose to institute self-imposed limits on our indebtedness based on certain considerations including market interest rates, our relative leverage and our strategic plans. for example, as a result of our substantial level of indebtedness and the uncertainties arising in the credit markets and the u.s. economy:
•we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•we may have to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing or on our variable rate indebtedness if interest rates rise, thereby reducing our cash flows;
•we may find it more difficult to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements that would be in our best long-term interests;
•we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the available cash flow to fund other investments, including share repurchases, tower acquisition and new build capital expenditures, or to satisfy our reit distribution requirements;
•we may have limited flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or in the industry;
•we may have a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies in our industry that are less leveraged; and
•we may be required to sell debt or equity securities or sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, in order to meet payment obligations.
our variable rate indebtedness and refinancing obligations subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
fluctuations in market interest rates or changes in central bank monetary policy may increase interest expense relating to our floating rate indebtedness, which we expect to incur pursuant to our revolving credit facility and term loan, and may make it difficult to refinance our existing indebtedness at a commercially reasonable rate or at all. there is no guarantee that the future refinancing of our indebtedness will have fixed interest rates or that interest rates on such indebtedness will be equal to or lower than the rates on our current indebtedness.
an increase in market interest rates would increase our interest expense arising on our existing and future floating rate indebtedness or upon refinancing of our fixed rate debt. pursuant to the terms of our credit agreement, the interest rate that we pay on indebtedness incurred under the revolving credit facility or term loans varies based on a fixed margin over either a base rate or a eurodollar rate which references the libor rate. as of december 31, 2019, this indebtedness represented approximately $2.9 billion, or 27.4% of our total indebtedness. as a result, we are exposed to interest rate risk. interest rates, including libor, fluctuate periodically and as such may increase in future periods. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. in addition, libor is the subject of recent proposals for reform, and the u.k. financial conduct authority announced its desire to phase out the use of libor by the end of 2021. this may cause libor to disappear entirely or perform differently than in the past. if libor ceases to exist, the method and rate used to calculate our interest rates and/or payments on our variable rate indebtedness under our credit agreement, which matures beyond 2021, in the future may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher than, lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the interest rates and/or payments that would have been applicable to our obligations if libor was available in its current form. as such, the potential effect of any such event is uncertain, but were it to occur, our cost of capital, financial results, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. it is unknown whether any alternative reference rates will attain market acceptance as replacements of libor.
furthermore, in an environment of increasing interest rates, it is likely that any future refinancing of our indebtedness will be either at fixed interest rates higher than our current fixed interest rates or at variable rates. we have and may continue to enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. for example, during 2019, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, sba senior finance ii, llc, entered into interest rate swaps on a portion of our 2018 term loan, which as of december 31, 2019, fixed $1.95 billion in notional value for approximately 5.25 years receiving interest at one month libor plus 175 basis points and paying a fixed rate of 3.78%. however, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. in addition, the proposed libor reform could adversely impact these interest rate swaps, which receive interest at a rate based on libor. furthermore, the increase in our use of derivative instruments increases our exposure to counterparty credit risk to the extent that a counterparty to the instrument fails to meet or perform the terms of the instrument.
increasing competition in the tower industry may create pricing pressures or result in non-renewals that may materially and adversely affect us.
our industry is highly competitive, and our wireless service provider customers sometimes have alternatives for leasing antenna space. we believe that tower location and capacity, quality of service, density within a geographic market and, to a lesser extent, price historically have been and will continue to be the most significant competitive factors affecting the site leasing business. however, competitive pricing pressures for tenants on towers from competitors could materially and adversely affect our lease rates or lead to non-renewals of existing leases. furthermore, pricing pressures could lead to more prevalent network sharing, both domestically and internationally, which could reduce the demand for our tower space or lead to non-renewals of existing leases. in addition, the increasing number of towers (1) may provide customers the ability to relocate their antennas to other towers if they determine that a more suitable, efficient or economical location exists, which could lead to non-renewal of existing leases, or (2) may adversely impact our ability to enter into new customer leases. this impact may be exacerbated if competitors construct towers near our existing towers. any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our growth rate and our future operations.
in the site leasing business, we compete with:
•wireless service providers that own and operate their own towers and lease, or may in the future decide to lease, antenna space to other providers;
•national and regional tower companies who may be substantially larger and have greater financial resources than we do;
•international tower companies who have been in the international market for a longer period of time than we have; and
•alternative facilities such as rooftops, outdoor and indoor das networks, billboards and electric transmission towers.
the site development segment of our industry is also competitive. there are numerous large and small companies that offer one or more of the services offered by our site development business. as a result of this competition, margins in this segment may come under pressure. many of our competitors have lower overhead expenses and therefore may be able to provide services at prices that we consider unprofitable. if margins in this segment were to decrease, our consolidated revenues and our site development segment operating profit could be adversely affected.
increasing competition may negatively impact our ability to grow our communication site portfolio long term.
we intend to continue growing our tower portfolio, domestically and internationally, through acquisitions and new builds. our ability to meet our growth targets significantly depends on our ability to build or acquire existing towers that meet our investment requirements. traditionally, our acquisition strategy has focused on acquiring towers from smaller tower companies, independent tower developers and wireless service providers. however, as a result of consolidation in the tower industry, there are fewer of these mid-sized tower transactions available in the u.s. and there is more competition to acquire existing towers. increased competition for acquisitions may result in fewer acquisition opportunities for us, higher acquisition prices, and increased difficulty in negotiating and consummating agreements to acquire such towers. for example, in 2019, we passed on more u.s. acquisitions than we did in 2018 due to asset quality, price, or lease terms. furthermore, to the extent that the tower acquisition opportunities are for significant tower portfolios, some of our competitors are significantly larger and have greater financial resources than we do. finally, laws regulating competition, domestically and internationally, may limit our ability to acquire certain portfolios. as a result of these risks, the cost of acquiring these towers may be higher than we expect or we may not be able to meet our annual and long-term tower portfolio growth targets. if we are not able to successfully address these challenges, we may not be able to materially increase our tower portfolio in the long-term through acquisitions.
our ability to build new towers is dependent upon the availability of sufficient capital to fund construction, our ability to locate, and acquire at commercially reasonable prices, attractive locations for such towers and our ability to obtain the necessary zoning and permits. local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers, vary greatly, but typically require antenna tower and structure owners to obtain approval from local officials or community standards organizations prior to tower or structure construction or modification. with respect to our international new builds, our tower construction may be delayed or halted as a result of local zoning restrictions, inconsistencies between laws or other barriers to construction in international markets. due to these risks, it may take longer to complete our new tower builds than anticipated, domestically and internationally, and the costs of constructing these towers may be higher than we expect or we may not be able to add as many towers as planned in 2020. if we are not able to increase our new build tower portfolio as anticipated, it could negatively impact our ability to achieve our financial goals.
our international operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position.
our current business operations in developing markets, and our expansion into any other international markets in the future, could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not typically experienced in the united states. the consolidated revenues generated by our international operations were approximately 18.6% during the year ended december 31, 2019, and we anticipate that our revenues from our international operations will continue to grow in the future. accordingly, our business is and will in the future be subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including:
•laws and regulations that dictate how we operate our towers and conduct business, including zoning, maintenance and environmental matters, and laws related to ownership of real property;
•changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, including inflation or currency devaluation;
•laws affecting telecommunications infrastructure including the sharing of such infrastructure;
•laws and regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;
•changes to existing or new domestic or international tax laws, new or significantly increased municipal fees directed specifically at the ownership and operation of towers, which may be applied and enforced retroactively and could materially affect the profitability of our operations;
•expropriation and governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring reversion or divestiture;
•governmental regulations and restrictions impacting tower licenses, spectrum licenses and concessions, including additional restrictions on the use or revocation of such licenses, concessions or spectrum and additional conditions to receive or maintain such licenses;
•laws and regulations governing our employee relations, including occupational health and safety matters and employee compensation and benefits matters;
•our ability to comply with, and the costs of compliance with, anti-bribery laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and similar local anti-bribery laws;
•uncertainties regarding legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies between and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial application thereof, and delays in the judicial process;
•challenges arising from less-developed infrastructure in certain markets; and
•difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained personnel.
we are also exposed to risks operating in countries with high levels of inflation, including the risk that inflation rates exceed our fixed escalator percentages in markets where our leases include fixed escalators and the risk that adverse economic conditions may discourage growth in consumer demand and consequently reduce our customers' demand for our site leasing services. for example, we have a subsidiary in argentina through which we operate our site leasing business. the argentinean economy was deemed to be "highly inflationary" from a u.s. gaap perspective as of the second quarter of 2018 and remains highly inflationary as of december 31, 2019. as a result, we remeasured the financial statements for those operations to the u.s. dollar as of july 1, 2018. although this change did not have a material impact on our financial statements as our assets in and revenue from argentina were each less than 1% of consolidated assets and revenue, respectively, as of december 31, 2019, going forward, fluctuations in the argentinean peso to u.s. dollar exchange rate could negatively impact our financial results.
currency fluctuations may negatively affect our results of operations.
our operations in central america and ecuador are primarily denominated in u.s. dollars. in brazil, canada, chile, and south africa, significantly all of our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures, including tenant leases, ground leases and other property interests, and other tower-related expenses are denominated in local currency. in colombia, argentina, and peru, our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures, including tenant leases, ground leases and other property interests, and other tower-related expenses are denominated in a mix of local currency and u.s. dollars. our foreign currency denominated revenues and expenses are translated into u.s. dollars at average exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, approximately 20.1% of our total cash site leasing revenue was generated by our international operations, of which 14.2% was generated in non-u.s. dollar currencies, including 12.1% which was denominated in brazilian reais. the exchange rates between our foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to do so in the future. for example, the brazilian real has historically been subject to substantial volatility and weakened 7.9% when comparing the average rate for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. this trend has affected, and may in the future continue to affect, our reported results of operations.
changes in exchange rates between these local currencies and the u.s. dollar will affect the recorded levels of site leasing revenue, segment operating profit, assets and/or liabilities. volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts.
furthermore, we have intercompany loan agreements with our brazilian and south african subsidiaries to borrow in u.s. dollars. as of december 31, 2019, the aggregate amounts outstanding under the intercompany loans with our brazilian subsidiary and south african subsidiary were $839.8 million and $59.9 million respectively. in accordance with asc 830, we remeasure foreign denominated intercompany loans with the corresponding change in the balance being recorded in other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of operations as settlement is anticipated or planned in the foreseeable future. consequently, if the u.s. dollar strengthens against the brazilian real or the south african rand, our results of operations would be adversely affected. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, we recorded a $9.0 million gain and a $58.8 million loss, net of taxes, respectively, on the remeasurement of intercompany loans due to changes in foreign exchange rates.
delays in the roll-out of new spectrum, due to a slowdown in demand for wireless services, the inability or unwillingness of wireless service providers to invest in their infrastructure or delays in the availability of new spectrum could materially and adversely affect our future growth and revenues.
we expect a significant portion of our future revenue growth will result from investments in the deployment of new or fallow spectrum by our wireless service provider customers. wireless service providers typically invest in their networks in response to consumer demand for additional or higher quality service. if consumers significantly reduce their use of wireless services or fail to widely adopt and use new wireless technologies and their products and applications, our wireless service provider customers could experience a reduction in the rate of growth of or a decrease in demand for their services and therefore reduce the amount they invest in their network.
regardless of consumer demand, each wireless service provider must have substantial capital resources and capabilities to deploy new spectrum in their wireless networks, including licenses for spectrum. if some or all of our wireless service providers are unwilling or unable to significantly invest in their networks, it could adversely affect our revenue growth. for example, it is currently anticipated that if the sprint/t-mobile merger is consummated, (i) the new combined company will have increased willingness and capacity to invest in its network by deploying its 2.5ghz spectrum holdings and (ii) dish network will need to expend significant funds to develop a new nationwide network. however, if any of these wireless service provider customers or other wireless service providers are unable to access sufficient capital to develop their spectrum, then overall demand for our towers and services could be adversely affected.
the fcc plans to auction several new bands of spectrum in the future, including cbrs and c-band. our customers are expected to be the primary winners of these auctions and subsequently deploy this spectrum on our portfolio which would provide us with a revenue growth opportunity. any delays or failure of these auctions could negatively impact future demand for our towers. similarly, any delays in the clearing or availability of this spectrum subsequent to these auctions could delay the related demand for our towers.
new technologies or network architecture or changes in a customer's business model may reduce demand for our wireless infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues.
improvements or changes in the efficiency, architecture, and design of wireless networks or changes in a wireless service provider customer's business model may reduce the demand for our wireless infrastructure. in addition, as customers deploy increased capital to the development and implementation of new technologies, they may allocate less of their budgets to lease space on our towers. for example, new technologies that may promote network sharing, joint development, or resale agreements by our wireless service provider customers, such as signal combining technologies or network functions virtualization, may reduce the need for our wireless infrastructure, or may result in the decommissioning of equipment on certain sites because portions of the customers' networks may become redundant. in addition, other technologies and architectures, such as wifi, das, femtocells, other small cells, or satellite (such as low earth orbiting) and mesh transmission systems may, in the future, serve as substitutes for, or alternatives to, the traditional macro site communications architecture that is the basis of substantially all of our site leasing business. the majority of our tower portfolio is comprised of traditional macro sites, and therefore is not as diversified into non-macro sites and other technologies and architectures as some of our competitors. in addition, new technologies that enhance the range, efficiency, and capacity of wireless equipment could reduce demand for our wireless infrastructure. for example, our wireless service provider customers have engaged in increased use of network sharing, roaming or resale arrangements which could result in reduced capital spending or a decision to sell or not to renew their spectrum licenses or concessions. any significant reduction in demand for our wireless infrastructure resulting from new technologies or new architectures or changes in a customer's business model may negatively impact our revenues or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. any such event may have a disproportionate impact on our business as compared to our competitors whose portfolios may be more technologically and architecturally diversified than ours. in addition, while we are exploring and investing in ancillary services and emerging technologies, including our mobile edge computing initiatives, those investments may not prove to be profitable, which could divert management's attention from other value-enhancing opportunities.
these factors could also have a material adverse effect on our growth rate since growth opportunities and demand for our tower space as a result of new technologies may not be realized at the times or to the extent anticipated. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results.
our real property interests relating to the land under our tower structures consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses, rights-of-way, and other similar interests. from time to time, we experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of the agreements for the land under our tower structures, which can affect our ability to access and operate such towers. further, landowners may not want to renew their agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their property interests to third parties, including property interest aggregators and our competitors, which could affect our ability to renew agreements on commercially viable terms or at all. we currently have 35-year non-terminable leases with oi, one of brazil's largest telecommunications providers, with respect to 2,113 towers that we acquired in 2013. the land underneath these towers is currently subject to a concession from the federal republic of brazil that expires in 2025. at the end of the term, the brazilian government will have the right to (1) renew the concession upon newly negotiated terms or (2) terminate the concession and take possession of the land and the tower on such land. at the time we acquired the towers, we also entered into a right of first refusal to purchase such land to the extent that the brazilian regulations permit those assets to be sold. brazil has recently adopted a new telecommunications law that is expected to provide oi and/or the brazilian government rights to sell the land underlying these assets; however, as the regulations implementing this new law have not yet been promulgated, the amount, if at all, that we would be required to pay to purchase such interests is undetermined. if the concession is not renewed and we are unable to purchase the land, then our site leasing revenue from co-located tenants would terminate prior to the end of such lease. for the year ended december 31, 2019, we generated 8.9% of our total international site leasing revenue from these 2,113 towers.
as of december 31, 2019, the average remaining life under our ground leases and other property interests, including renewal options under our control, was approximately 35 years, and approximately 8.6% of our tower structures have ground leases or other property interests maturing in the next 10 years. failure to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we may not be able to fully recognize the anticipated benefits of towers that we acquire.
a key element of our growth strategy is to increase our tower portfolio through acquisitions. we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties as a result of those acquisition activities. these activities may fail to achieve the benefits we expected from the acquisition or the acquired assets may not meet our internal guidelines for current and future returns, particularly if we are required to place greater reliance on the financial and operational representations and warranties of the sellers in individually material acquisitions. the impact of these risks is further enhanced in acquisitions of towers in international markets, where it may be more challenging to analyze and verify all relevant information with respect to the assets being acquired. these risks could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
in addition, acquisitions which would be material in the aggregate may exacerbate the risks inherent with our growth strategy, such as (1) an adverse financial impact if the acquired towers do not achieve the projected financial results, (2) the impact of unanticipated costs associated with the acquisitions on our results of operations, (3) increased demands on our cash resources that may impact our ability to explore other opportunities, (4) undisclosed and assumed liabilities that we may be unable to recover, (5) an adverse impact on our existing customer relationships, (6) additional expenses and exposure to new regulatory, political and economic risks, and (7) diversion of managerial attention.
the process of integrating any acquired towers into our operations is also subject to a number of risks and financial impacts, including unforeseen operating difficulties, large expenditures, diversion of management attention, the loss of key customers and/or personnel, our inability to retain or timely find suitable replacements for key employees and management needed to operate the acquired business, and exposure to unanticipated liabilities. these risks may be exacerbated in acquisitions of a material number of towers. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in integrating domestic and international acquisitions into our existing business.
the documents governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that could adversely affect our business by limiting our flexibility.
the indentures governing the 2016 senior notes, the 2017 senior notes, the 2020 senior notes, the senior credit agreement, and the agreement for the mortgage loan underlying the tower securities contain restrictive covenants imposing significant operational and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. among other things, the covenants under each instrument limit our ability to:
•merge, consolidate or sell assets;
•make restricted payments, including pay dividends or make other distributions;
•enter into transactions with affiliates;
•enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and
•issue guarantees of indebtedness.
additionally, the mortgage loan relating to our tower securities contains financial covenants that require that the borrowers maintain, on a consolidated basis, a minimum debt service coverage ratio. to the extent that the debt service coverage ratio, as of the end of any calendar quarter, falls to 1.30 times or lower, then all cash flow in excess of amounts required to make debt service payments, to fund required reserves, to pay management fees and budgeted operating expenses and to make other payments required under the loan documents, referred to as "excess cash flow," will be deposited into a reserve account instead of being released to the borrowers. the funds in the reserve account will not be released to the borrowers unless the debt service coverage ratio exceeds 1.30 times for two consecutive calendar quarters. if the debt service coverage ratio falls below 1.15 times as of the end of any calendar quarter, then an "amortization period" will commence and all funds on deposit in the reserve account will be applied to prepay the mortgage loan until such time that the debt service coverage ratio exceeds 1.15 times for a calendar quarter.
we are required to maintain certain financial ratios under the senior credit agreement. the senior credit agreement, as amended, requires sba senior finance ii to maintain specific financial ratios, including (1) a ratio of consolidated net debt to annualized borrower ebitda not to exceed 6.5 times for any fiscal quarter and (2) a ratio of annualized borrower ebitda to annualized cash interest expense (calculated in accordance with the senior credit agreement) of not less than 2.0 times for any fiscal quarter.
these covenants could place us at a disadvantage compared to some of our competitors which may have fewer restrictive covenants and may not be required to operate under these restrictions. further, these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, merger and acquisitions or other opportunities. if we fail to comply with these covenants, it could result in an event of default under our debt instruments. if any default occurs, all amounts outstanding under our outstanding notes and the senior credit agreement may become immediately due and payable.
our dependence on our subsidiaries for cash flow may negatively affect our business.
we are a holding company with no business operations of our own. our only significant assets are, and are expected to be, the outstanding capital stock and membership interests of our subsidiaries. we conduct, and expect to continue conducting, all of our business operations through our subsidiaries. accordingly, our ability to pay our obligations is dependent upon dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries to us. most of our indebtedness is owed directly by our subsidiaries, including the mortgage loan underlying the tower securities, the term loans and any amounts that we may borrow under the revolving credit facility. consequently, the first use of any cash flow from operations generated by such subsidiaries will be payments of interest and principal, if any, under their respective indebtedness. other than the cash required to repay amounts due under our 2016 senior notes, 2017 senior notes, and 2020 senior notes, and funds to be utilized for stock repurchases and dividend payments, we currently expect that substantially all the earnings and cash flow of our subsidiaries will be retained and used by them in their operations, including servicing their respective debt obligations. the ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or transfer assets to us is restricted by applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including the terms of their outstanding debt instruments.
the loss of the services of certain of our key personnel or a significant number of our employees may negatively affect our business.
our success depends to a significant extent upon performance and active participation of our key personnel. we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining the services of these key personnel. although we have employment agreements with jeffrey a. stoops, our president and chief executive officer, kurt l. bagwell, our executive vice president and president-international, thomas p. hunt, our executive vice president, chief administrative officer and general counsel, and brendan t. cavanagh, our executive vice president and chief financial officer, these agreements do not ensure that those members will continue with us in their current capacity for any particular period of time. we do not have employment agreements with any of our other key personnel. if any of our key personnel were to leave or retire, we may not be able to find an appropriate replacement on a timely basis and our results of operations could be negatively affected. further, the loss of a significant number of employees or our inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our business is subject to government regulations and changes in current or future regulations could harm our business.
we are subject to federal, state and local regulation of our business, both in the u.s. and internationally. in the u.s., both the faa and the fcc regulate the construction, modification, and maintenance of towers and structures that support antennas used for wireless communications and radio and television broadcasts. in addition, the fcc separately licenses and regulates wireless communications equipment, wireless radio stations, and radio and television broadcast stations operating from such towers. faa and fcc regulations govern construction, lighting, painting, and marking of towers and may, depending on the characteristics of the tower, require registration of the tower. certain proposals to construct new towers or to modify existing towers are reviewed by the faa to ensure that the tower will not present a hazard to air navigation.
tower owners may have an obligation to mark or paint such towers or install lighting to conform to faa and fcc regulations and to maintain such marking, painting and lighting. tower owners may also bear the responsibility of notifying the faa of any lighting outages. certain proposals to operate wireless communications and radio or television broadcast stations from towers are also reviewed by the fcc to ensure compliance with environmental impact requirements established in federal statutes, including nepa, nhpa and esa. failure to comply with existing or future applicable requirements may lead to civil penalties or other liabilities and may subject us to significant indemnification liability to our customers against any such failure to comply. in addition, new regulations may impose additional costly burdens on us, which may affect our revenues and cause delays in our growth. local regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers, vary greatly, but typically require tower owners to obtain approval from local officials or community standards organizations prior to tower construction or modification. local regulations can delay, prevent, or increase the cost of new construction, co-locations, or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to customer demand. in addition, new regulations may be adopted that increase delays or result in additional costs to us. in our international operations, the impact of these zoning, permitting and related regulations and restrictive covenants on our new builds, co-locations and operations could be exacerbated as some of these markets may lack established permitting processes for towers, have inconsistencies between national and local regulations and have other barriers to timely construction and permitting of towers.  as a result, tower construction in some of our international markets may be delayed or halted or our acquired towers may not perform as anticipated. these factors could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and operations.
security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
as part of our day-to-day operations, we rely on information technology and other computer resources and infrastructure to carry out important business activities and to maintain our business records. our computer systems, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including through cyber-attack and data theft), errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. if our or our vendors' computer systems and backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information (including information about our tenants or landlords). this could damage our reputation and disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. in addition, security incidents that impact our customers and other business partners could adversely affect our business and operating results. furthermore, our investments in ancillary services and emerging technologies, including our mobile edge computing initiatives, may leave us more vulnerable to security incidents, create new exposure for us to different types of security incidents or exacerbate the impact of such incidents on our business and operating results.
damage from natural disasters and other unforeseen events could adversely affect us.
our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters such as tornadoes, hurricanes and earthquakes or may collapse for any number of reasons, including structural deficiencies. in addition, we have energy sources on some of our tower sites, and any unforeseen incident may cause damage to surrounding property. we maintain insurance to cover the estimated cost of replacing damaged towers and damage to surrounding property, but these insurance policies are subject to loss limits and deductibles. we also maintain third party liability insurance, subject to loss limits and deductibles, to protect us in the event of an accident involving a tower. an incident involving our towers or tower sites for which we are uninsured or underinsured, or damage to a significant number of our towers or surrounding property, could require us to incur significant expenditures and may have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial condition and may harm our reputation.
to the extent that we are not able to meet our contractual obligations to our customers, due to a natural disaster or other catastrophic circumstances, our customers may not be obligated or willing to pay their lease expenses; however, we may be required to continue paying our fixed expenses related to the affected tower, including expenses for ground leases and other property interests. if we are unable to meet our contractual obligations to our customers for a material portion of our towers, our operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we could have liability under environmental laws that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our operations, like those of other companies engaged in similar businesses, are subject to the requirements of various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials, and wastes. as owner, lessee, or operator of numerous tower structures, we may be liable for substantial costs of remediating soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee, or operator, knew of or were responsible for the contamination. we may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. the current cost of complying with these laws is not material to our financial condition or results of operations. however, the requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and could become more stringent in the future. it is possible that these requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we could suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences if taxing authorities do not agree with our tax positions.
we are periodically subject to a number of tax examinations by taxing authorities in the states and countries where we do business. we also have significant net operating losses ("nols") in u.s. federal and state taxing jurisdictions. generally, for u.s. federal and state tax purposes, nols generated prior to the 2018 tax year can be carried forward and used for up to 20 years, and all of our tax years will remain subject to examination until three years after our nols are used or expire. nols generated starting in the 2018 tax year can be carried forward indefinitely but are subject to the 80% utilization limitation. we expect that we will continue to be subject to tax examinations in the future. in addition, u.s. federal, state and local, as well as international, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. if our tax benefits, including from our use of nols or other tax attributes, are challenged successfully by a taxing authority, we may be required to pay additional taxes or penalties, or make additional distributions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our issuance of equity securities and other associated transactions may trigger a future ownership change which may negatively impact our ability to utilize nols in the future.
the issuance of equity securities and other associated transactions may increase the chance that we will have a future ownership change under section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986 ("code"). we may also have a future ownership change, outside of our control, caused by future equity transactions by our current shareholders. depending on our market value at the time of such future ownership change, an ownership change under section 382 could negatively impact our ability to utilize our nols and could result in us having to make additional cash distributions.
our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from rf energy.
the u.s. and other foreign governments impose requirements and other guidelines relating to exposure to rf energy. exposure to high levels of rf energy can cause negative health effects. the potential connection between exposure to low levels of rf energy and certain negative health effects, including some forms of cancer, has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community in recent years. according to the fcc, the results of these studies to date have been inconclusive. however, public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications media could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. in particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, health risks could cause a decrease in the demand for wireless communications services. moreover, if a connection between exposure to low levels of rf energy and possible negative health effects, including cancer, were demonstrated, we could be subject to numerous claims. our current policies provide no coverage for claims based on rf energy exposure. if we were subject to claims relating to exposure to rf energy, even if such claims were not ultimately found to have merit, our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
risks related to our status as a reit complying with the reit requirements may cause us to liquidate assets or hinder our ability to pursue otherwise attractive asset acquisition opportunities.
to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the nature and diversification of our assets, the sources of our income and the amounts we distribute to our shareholders. for example, to qualify as a reit, we must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and "real estate assets" (as defined in the code), including towers and certain mortgage loans and securities. the remainder of our investments (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a taxable reit subsidiary ("trs")) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. in addition, in general, no more than 5% of the value of our total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a trs) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20% of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more trss. if we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our reit qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. as a result, we may be required to liquidate assets.
in addition to the asset tests set forth above, to qualify and be subject to tax as a reit, we will generally be required to distribute at least 90% of our reit taxable income after the utilization of any available nols (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year to our shareholders. our determination as to the timing or amount of future dividends will be based on a number of factors, including investment opportunities around our core business and the availability of our existing nols. to the extent that we satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100% of our reit taxable income (after the application of available nols, if any), we will be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. in addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our shareholders for a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the code. these distribution requirements could hinder our ability to pursue otherwise attractive asset acquisition opportunities. furthermore, our ability to compete for acquisition opportunities in domestic and international markets may be adversely affected if we need, or require, the target company to comply with certain reit requirements. these actions could have the effect of reducing our income, amounts available for distribution to our shareholders and amounts available for making payments on our indebtedness.
qualifying as a reit involves highly technical and complex provisions of the code. if we fail to qualify as a reit or fail to remain qualified as a reit, to the extent we have reit taxable income and have utilized our nols, we will be subject to u.s. federal income tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our reit qualification. our qualification as a reit will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals.
if we fail to qualify as a reit in any taxable year, to the extent we have reit taxable income and have utilized our nols, we would be subject to u.s. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and dividends paid to our shareholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. any resulting corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of our common stock. unless we were entitled to relief under certain provisions of the code, we also would be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a reit for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a reit. if we fail to qualify for taxation as a reit, we may need to borrow additional funds or liquidate assets to pay any additional tax liability. accordingly, funds available for investment and making payments on our indebtedness would be reduced.
we may be required to borrow funds, sell assets, or raise equity to satisfy our reit distribution requirements.
from time to time, we may generate reit taxable income greater than our cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. if we do not have other funds available in these situations, we may need to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings, sales or offerings, to enable us to satisfy the reit distribution requirement and to avoid u.s. federal corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. these alternatives could increase our costs and our leverage, decrease our adjusted funds from operations or require us to distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions or stock repurchases.
thus, compliance with the reit requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. furthermore, compliance with the reit distribution requirements may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth, or expansion initiatives, which would increase our total leverage.
covenants specified in our current and future debt instruments may limit our ability to make required reit distributions.
the senior credit agreement, the mortgage loan agreement related to our securitization transactions and the indentures governing our 2016 senior notes, 2017 senior notes, and 2020 senior notes contain certain covenants that could limit our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. under the senior credit agreement, our subsidiaries may make distributions to us to satisfy our reit distribution requirements and additional amounts to distribute up to 100% of our reit taxable income, so long as sba senior finance ii's ratio of consolidated net debt to annualized borrower ebitda does not exceed 6.5 times for any fiscal quarter. in addition, under the mortgage loan agreement related to our securitization transactions, or securitization, a failure to comply with the debt service coverage ratio in that agreement could prevent our borrower subsidiaries from distributing any excess cash from the operation of their towers to us. finally, while the indentures governing the 2016 senior notes, 2017 senior notes, and 2020 senior notes permit us to make distributions to our shareholders to the extent such distributions are necessary to maintain our status as a reit or to avoid entity level taxation, this authority is subject to the conditions that no default or event of default exists or would result therefrom and that the obligations under the 2016 senior notes, 2017 senior notes, or 2020 senior notes, as applicable, have not otherwise been accelerated.
if these limitations prevent us from satisfying our reit distribution requirements, we could fail to qualify for taxation as a reit. if these limitations do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit but do nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our reit taxable income, we will be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax, and potentially the nondeductible 4% excise tax, on the retained amounts.
our payment of cash distributions in the future is not guaranteed and the amount of any future cash distributions may fluctuate, which could adversely affect the value of our class a common stock.
reits are required to distribute annually at least 90% of their reit taxable income (determined before the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain). as of december 31, 2019, $652.9 million of our federal nols are attributes of the reit. we may use these nols to offset our reit taxable income, and thus any required distributions to shareholders may be reduced or eliminated until such time as the nols have been fully utilized, which may adversely affect the market value of our class a common stock. the code places limitations upon the future availability of nols based upon changes in our equity. if these occur, our ability to offset future income with existing nols may be limited.
the amount of future distributions will be determined, from time to time, by the board of directors to balance our goal of increasing long-term shareholder value and retaining sufficient cash to implement our current capital allocation policy, which prioritizes investment in quality assets that meet our return criteria, and then stock repurchases, when we believe our stock price is below its intrinsic value. the actual timing and amount of distributions will be as determined and declared by the board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our nols, our financial condition, earnings, debt covenants and other possible uses of such funds. consequently, our future distribution levels may fluctuate.
certain of our business activities may be subject to corporate level income tax and foreign taxes, which would reduce our cash flows, and would have potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities.
we may be subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including alternative minimum taxes, taxes on any undistributed income and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. in addition, we could, in certain circumstances, be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the code to maintain qualification for taxation as a reit. in addition, we may incur a 100% excise tax on transactions with a trs if they are not conducted on an arm's length basis. any of these taxes would decrease our earnings and our available cash.
our trs assets and operations also will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes and to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which those assets and operations are located. if we continue our international expansion, we may have additional trs assets and operations subject to such taxes. any of these taxes would decrease our earnings and our available cash.
we will also be subject to a federal corporate level tax at the highest regular corporate rate (currently 21%) on the gain recognized from a sale of assets occurring during our first five years as a reit, up to the amount of the built-in gain that existed on january 1, 2016, which is based on the fair market value of those assets in excess of our tax basis in those assets as of january 1, 2016. gain from a sale of an asset occurring after the specified period ends will not be subject to this corporate level tax. we currently do not expect to sell any asset if the sale would result in the imposition of a material tax liability. we cannot, however, assure you that we will not change our plans in this regard.
our use of trss may cause us to fail to qualify as a reit.
the net income of our trss is not required to be distributed to us, and such undistributed trs income is generally not subject to our reit distribution requirements. however, if the accumulation of cash or reinvestment of significant earnings in our trss causes the fair market value of our securities in those entities, taken together with other non-qualifying assets, to represent more than 20% (25% for taxable years beginning prior to december 31, 2017) of the value of our total assets, in each case, as determined for reit asset testing purposes, we would, absent timely responsive action, fail to qualify as a reit. if we continue our international expansion, we may have increased net income from trss, which may cause us to rise above these thresholds.
legislative or other actions affecting reits could have a negative effect on us.
the rules dealing with u.s. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the irs and the treasury. changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect our investors or us. we cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. new legislation, u.s. treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a reit or the u.s. federal income tax consequences to our investors and us of such qualification.
our board's ability to revoke our reit qualification, without shareholder approval, may cause adverse consequences to our shareholders.
our articles of incorporation provide that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our reit election, without the approval of our shareholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a reit. if we cease to be a reit, we will not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders, if any, in computing our taxable income, and to the extent we have taxable income and have utilized our nols, we will be subject to u.s. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and state and local taxes, which may have adverse consequences on our total return to our shareholders.
we began operating as a reit in 2016, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our common stock and ability to satisfy debt service obligations.
we began operating as a reit in 2016 and may not be able to continue to operate successfully as a reit. in addition, we are required to maintain substantial control systems and procedures in order to maintain our status as a reit. we have also incurred additional legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur prior to operating as a reit and our management and other personnel have devoted additional time to comply with these rules and regulations and controls required for continued compliance with the code.  these factors may adversely affect our performance as a reit. if our performance is adversely affected, it could affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations.
dividends payable by reits do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends.
the maximum u.s. federal income tax rate applicable to income from "qualified dividends" payable to u.s. shareholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is currently 20%. dividends payable by reits, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates applicable to qualified dividends. although these rules do not adversely affect the taxation of reits, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-reit corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of reits, including our common stock. reit ordinary income distributions are generally eligible for a 20% deduction to the extent distributed out of the reit's taxable income.
risks related to ownership of our class a common stock the reit-related ownership and transfer restrictions may restrict or prevent our shareholders from engaging in certain transfers of our common stock.
in order for us to satisfy the requirements for reit qualification, no more than 50% in value of all classes or series of our outstanding shares of stock may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by 5 or fewer individuals (as defined in the code to include certain entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be subject to tax as a reit has been made). in addition, our capital stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be taxed as a reit has been made). our articles of incorporation contain reit-related ownership and transfer restrictions that generally restrict shareholders from owning more than 9.8%, by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding shares of class a common stock, or 9.8% in aggregate value of the outstanding shares of all classes and series of our capital stock. under applicable constructive ownership rules, any shares of stock owned by certain affiliated owners generally would be added together for purposes of the ownership limits. these ownership and transfer restrictions could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our capital stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders.
our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and florida law provide for anti-takeover provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and florida law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our shareholders. these provisions, alone or in combination with each other, may discourage transactions involving actual or potential changes of control, including transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices to holders of our class a common stock, or could limit the ability of our shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. the following discussion includes forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in item 1a. risk factors. our actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements" and item 1a. risk factors.
we are a leading independent owner and operator of wireless communications infrastructure, including tower structures, rooftops and other structures that support antennas used for wireless communications, which we collectively refer to as "towers" or "sites." our principal operations are in the united states and its territories. in addition, we own and operate towers in south america, central america, canada, and south africa. our primary business line is our site leasing business, which contributed 97.7% of our total segment operating profit for the year ended december 31, 2019. in our site leasing business, we (1) lease antenna space to wireless service providers on towers that we own or operate and (2) manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. as of december 31, 2019, we owned 32,403 towers, a substantial portion of which have been built by us or built by other tower owners or operators who, like us, have built such towers to lease space to multiple wireless service providers. our other business line is our site development business, through which we assist wireless service providers in developing and maintaining their own wireless service networks.
site leasing our primary focus is the leasing of antenna space on our multi-tenant towers to a variety of wireless service providers under long-term lease contracts in the united states, south america, central america, canada, and south africa. as of december 31, 2019, (1) no u.s. state or territory accounted for more than 10% of our total tower portfolio by tower count, and (2) no u.s. state or territory accounted for more than 10% of our total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019. in addition, as of december 31, 2019, approximately 30.5% of our total towers are located in brazil and less than 3% of our total towers are located in any of our other international markets (each country is considered a market). we derive site leasing revenues primarily from wireless service provider tenants, including at&t, t-mobile, sprint, verizon wireless, oi s.a., telefonica, claro, and tim. wireless service providers enter into tenant leases with us, each of which relates to the lease or use of space at an individual site. in the united states and canada, our tenant leases are generally for an initial term of five years to 10 years with multiple five year renewal periods at the option of the tenant. these tenant leases typically contain specific rent escalators, which average 3-4% per year, including the renewal option periods. tenant leases in south africa and our central and south american markets typically have an initial term of 10 years with multiple five year renewal periods. in central america, we have similar rent escalators to that of leases in the united states and canada while our leases in south america and south africa escalate in accordance with a standard cost of living index. site leases in south america typically provide for a fixed rental amount and a pass through charge for the underlying rent related to ground leases and other property interests.
cost of site leasing revenue primarily consists of:
•cash and non-cash rental expense on ground leases and other underlying property interests;
•property taxes;
•site maintenance and monitoring costs (exclusive of employee related costs);
•utilities;
•property insurance; and
•lease initial direct cost amortization.
in the united states and our international markets, ground leases and other property interests are generally for an initial term of five to ten years with multiple renewal periods, which are at our option. ground leases and other property interests provide for rent escalators which typically average 2-3% annually, or in our south american markets and south africa, adjust in accordance with a standard cost of living index. as of december 31, 2019, approximately 71% of our tower structures were located on parcels of land that we own, land subject to perpetual easements, or parcels of land in which we have a leasehold interest that extends beyond 20 years. for any given tower, costs are relatively fixed over a monthly or an annual time period. as such, operating costs for owned towers do not generally increase as a result of adding additional customers to the tower. the amount of property taxes varies from site to site depending on the taxing jurisdiction and the height and age of the tower. the ongoing maintenance requirements are typically minimal and include replacing lighting systems, painting a tower, or upgrading or repairing an access road or fencing.
in our central american markets and ecuador, significantly all of our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures arising from our new build activities are denominated in u.s. dollars. specifically, most of our ground leases and other property interests, tenant leases, and tower-related expenses are paid in u.s. dollars. in our central american markets, our local currency obligations are principally limited to (1) permitting and other local fees, (2) utilities, and (3) taxes. in brazil, canada, chile, and south africa significantly all of our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures, including tenant leases, ground leases and other property interests, and other tower-related expenses are denominated in local currency. in colombia, argentina, and peru, our revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures, including tenant leases, ground leases and other property interests, and other tower-related expenses are denominated in a mix of local currency and u.s. dollars.
as indicated in the table below, our site leasing business generates substantially all of our total segment operating profit. for information regarding our operating segments, see note 15 of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
for the year ended december 31, segment operating profit as a percentage of total   2019             2018              2017
domestic site leasing                                        80.7%             81.2%             81.8%
international site leasing                                   17.0%             16.8%             16.9%
total site leasing                                           97.7%             98.0%             98.7%
we believe that the site leasing business continues to be attractive due to its long-term contracts, built-in rent escalators, high operating margins, and low customer churn (which refers to when a customer does not renew its lease or cancels its lease prior to the end of its term) other than in connection with customer consolidation or cessation of a particular technology. we believe that over the long-term, site leasing revenues will continue to grow as wireless service providers lease additional antenna space on our towers due to increasing minutes of network use and data transfer, network expansion and network coverage requirements. during 2020, we expect organic site leasing revenue in both our domestic and international segments to increase over 2019 levels due in part to wireless carriers deploying unused spectrum. we believe our site leasing business is characterized by stable and long-term recurring revenues, predictable operating costs and minimal non-discretionary capital expenditures. due to the relatively young age and mix of our tower portfolio, we expect future expenditures required to maintain these towers to be minimal. consequently, we expect to grow our cash flows by (1) adding tenants to our towers at minimal incremental costs by using existing tower capacity or requiring wireless service providers to bear all or a portion of the cost of tower modifications and (2) executing monetary amendments as wireless service providers add or upgrade their equipment. furthermore, because our towers are strategically positioned, we have historically experienced low tenant lease terminations as a percentage of revenue other than in connection with customer consolidation or cessations of a specific technology (e.g. metropcs, leap, clearwire, and sprint iden).
site development our site development business, which is conducted in the united states only, is complementary to our site leasing business and provides us the ability to keep in close contact with the wireless service providers who generate substantially all of our site leasing revenue and to capture ancillary revenues that are generated by our site leasing activities, such as antenna and equipment installation at our tower locations. site development revenues are earned primarily from providing a full range of end to end services to wireless service providers or companies providing development or project management services to wireless service providers. our services include: (1) network pre-design; (2) site audits; (3) identification of potential locations for towers and antennas on existing infrastructure; (4) support in leasing of the location; (5) assistance in obtaining zoning approvals and permits; (6) tower and related site construction; (7) antenna installation; and (8) radio equipment installation, commissioning, and maintenance. we provide site development services at our towers and at towers owned by others on a local basis, through regional, market, and project offices. the market offices are responsible for all site development operations.
for information regarding our operating segments, see note 15 of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
capital allocation strategy our capital allocation strategy is aimed at increasing shareholder value through investment in quality assets that meet our return criteria, stock repurchases when we believe our stock price is below its intrinsic value, and by returning cash generated by our operations in the form of cash dividends. while the addition of a cash dividend to our capital allocation strategy has provided us with a new tool to return value to our shareholders, we will also continue to make investments focused on increasing adjusted funds from operations per share. to achieve this, we expect to continue to deploy capital to portfolio growth and stock repurchases, subject to compliance with reit distribution requirements, available funds and market conditions, while maintaining our target leverage levels. key elements of our capital allocation strategy include:
portfolio growth. we intend to continue to grow our asset portfolio, domestically and internationally, primarily through tower acquisitions and the construction of new towers that meet our internal return on invested capital criteria.
stock repurchase program. we currently utilize stock repurchases as part of our capital allocation policy when we believe our share price is below its intrinsic value. we believe that share repurchases, when purchased at the right price, will facilitate our goal of increasing our adjusted funds from operations per share.
dividend. in 2019, we added dividends as an additional component of our strategy of returning value to shareholders. we do not expect our dividend to require any changes in our leverage and, we believe, it will allow us to continue to focus on building and buying quality assets and opportunistically buying back our stock. while the timing and amount of future dividends will be subject to approval by our board of directors, we believe that our future cash flow generation will permit us to grow our cash dividend in the future.
critical accounting policies and estimates we have identified the policies and significant estimation processes below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. the listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list. in many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, with no need for management's judgment in their application. in other cases, management is required to exercise judgment in the application of accounting principles with respect to particular transactions. the impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations is discussed throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" where such policies affect reported and expected financial results. for a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see note 2 of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2019, included herein. our preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates and such differences could be significant.
revenue recognition and accounts receivable revenue from site leasing is recognized on a straight-line basis over the current term of the related lease agreements, which are generally five years to 10 years. receivables recorded related to the straight-lining of site leases are reflected in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. rental amounts received in advance are recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. revenue from site leasing represents 92% of our total revenue.
site development projects in which we perform consulting services include contracts on a fixed price basis that are billed at contractual rates. revenue is recognized over time based on milestones achieved, which are determined based on costs incurred. amounts billed in advance (collected or uncollected) are recorded as deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets.
revenue from construction projects is recognized over time, determined by the percentage of cost incurred to date compared to management's estimated total cost for each contract. this method is used because management considers total cost to be the best available measure of progress on the contracts. these amounts are based on estimates, and the uncertainty inherent in the estimates initially is reduced as work on the contracts nears completion. refer to note 5 in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further detail of costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts. provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined to be probable.
the site development segment represents approximately 8% of our total revenues. we account for site development revenue in accordance with asc 606, revenue from contracts with customers, which was adopted on january 1, 2018 by applying the modified retrospective transition method. payment terms do not result in any significant financing arrangements. furthermore, these contracts do not typically include variable consideration; therefore, the transaction price that is recognized over time is generally the amount of the total contract. the cumulative effect of initially applying the new revenue standard had no impact on our financial results. the comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods. the adoption of the new standard had no impact to net income on an ongoing basis.
the accounts receivable balance for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $132.1 million and $111.0 million, respectively, of which $40.7 and $27.1 million related to the site development segment, respectively. we perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers. in addition, we monitor collections and payments from our customers and maintain a provision for estimated credit losses based upon historical experience, specific customer collection issues identified, and past due balances as determined based on contractual terms. interest is charged on outstanding receivables from customers on a case by case basis in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts or agreements with those customers. amounts determined to be uncollectible are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts in the period in which uncollectibility is determined to be probable. refer to note 15 in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further detail of the site development segment.
lease accounting we adopted asu no. 2016-02, leases ("topic 842") using the modified retrospective adoption method with an effective date of january 1, 2019. this standard requires all lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments. the adoption of the new lease standard had a significant impact on our consolidated balance sheets but did not have a significant impact on our lease classification or a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations and liquidity. additionally, the adoption of topic 842 did not have a material impact on our debt covenant compliance under our current agreements. we have elected to not separate nonlease components from the associated lease component for all underlying classes of assets.
in order to calculate our lease liability, we make certain assumptions related to lease term and discount rate. in making the determination of the period for which we are reasonably certain to remain on the site, we will assume optional renewals are reasonably certain of being exercised for the greater of: (1) a period sufficient to cover all tenants under their current committed term where we have provided rights to the tower not to exceed the contractual ground lease terms including renewals and (2) a period sufficient to recover the investment of significant leasehold improvements located on the site. for the discount rate, we use the rate implicit in the lease when available to discount lease payments to present value. however, our ground leases and other property interests generally do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. therefore, we estimate the incremental borrowing rate to discount lease payments based on the lease term and lease currency. we use publicly available data for instruments with similar characteristics when calculating our incremental borrowing rates. refer to note 2 in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further discussion on lease accounting.
results of operations this report presents our financial results and other financial metrics after eliminating the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we believe that providing these financial results and metrics on a constant currency basis, which are non-gaap measures, gives management and investors the ability to evaluate the performance of our business without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. we eliminate the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates by dividing the current period's financial results by the average monthly exchange rates of the prior year period, as well as by eliminating the impact of the remeasurement of our intercompany loans.
year ended 2019 compared to year ended 2018
revenues and segment operating profit:
for the year ended                                                    constant december 31,       foreign                  constant            currency
2019                  2018                        currency impact          currency change     % change revenues                                                                                                   (in thousands)
domestic site leasing                 $1,487,108              $1,400,095       $-                       $87,013                      6.2%
international site leasing               373,750                 340,339                 (20,584)                  53,995           15.9%
site development                         153,787                 125,261                 -                         28,526           22.8%
total                                 $2,014,645              $1,865,695       $(20,584)                $169,534                     9.1%
cost of revenues domestic site leasing                   $258,413                $266,131       $-                       $(7,718)                   (2.9%)
international site leasing               115,538                 106,165                 (6,960)                   16,333           15.4%
site development                         119,080                  96,499                 -                         22,581           23.4%
total                                   $493,031                $468,795       $(6,960)                 $31,196                      6.7%
operating profit domestic site leasing                 $1,228,695              $1,133,964       $-                       $94,731                      8.4%
international site leasing               258,212                 234,174                 (13,624)                  37,662           16.1%
site development                          34,707                  28,762                 -                          5,945           20.7%
revenues domestic site leasing revenues increased $87.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to (1) revenues from 428 towers acquired and 55 towers built since january 1, 2018 and (2) organic site leasing growth, primarily from monetary lease amendments for additional equipment added to our towers as well as new leases and contractual rent escalators, partially offset by lease non-renewals primarily by metropcs, leap, clearwire, and sprint iden.
international site leasing revenues increased $33.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, international site leasing revenues increased $54.0 million. these changes were primarily due to (1) revenues from 3,327 towers acquired and 785 towers built since january 1, 2018 and (2) organic site leasing growth from new leases, amendments, and contractual escalators. site leasing revenue in brazil represented 12.2% of total site leasing revenue for the period. no other individual international market represented more than 3% of our total site leasing revenue.
site development revenues increased $28.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to prior year, as a result of increased carrier activity primarily driven by network related projects by sprint and t-mobile.
operating profit domestic site leasing segment operating profit increased $94.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to additional profit generated by (1) towers acquired and built since january 1, 2018 and organic site leasing growth as noted above, (2) continued control of our site leasing cost of revenue, and (3) the positive impact of our ground lease purchase program.
international site leasing segment operating profit increased $24.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, international site leasing segment operating profit increased $37.7 million. these changes were primarily due to additional profit generated by (1) towers acquired and built since january 1, 2018 and organic site leasing growth as noted above, (2) continued control of our site leasing cost of revenue, and (3) the positive impact of our ground lease purchase program.
site development segment operating profit increased $5.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in revenue from increased carrier activity primarily driven by network related projects by sprint and t-mobile, partially offset by a change in the mix of work performed.
selling, general, and administrative expenses:
for the year ended                                                   constant december 31,       foreign                 constant            currency
2019                               2018       currency impact         currency change     % change
(in thousands)
domestic site leasing                  $99,707               $72,879       $-                      $26,828                    36.8%
international site leasing              32,411                27,082                 (1,151)                   6,480          23.9%
total site leasing                    $132,118               $99,961       $(1,151)                $33,308                    33.3%
site development                        21,525                16,215                 -                         5,310          32.7%
other                                   39,074                26,350                 -                        12,724          48.3%
total                                 $192,717              $142,526       $(1,151)                $51,342                    36.0%
selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $50.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $51.3 million. these changes were primarily as a result of increases in non-cash compensation, personnel costs, benefits, and other support-related costs.
acquisition and new business initiatives related adjustments and expenses:
for the year ended                                                                constant december 31,                          foreign                 constant            currency
2019                           2018       currency impact         currency change     % change
(in thousands)
domestic site leasing            $7,933              $5,268            $-                      $2,665                     50.6%
international site leasing             7,295               5,693                 (339)                   1,941            34.1%
total                            $15,228             $10,961           $(339)                  $4,606                     42.0%
acquisition and new business initiatives related adjustments and expenses increased $4.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, acquisition and new business initiatives related adjustments and expenses increased $4.6 million. these changes were primarily as a result of incremental costs incurred in support of new business initiatives.
asset impairment and decommission costs:
for the year ended                                                   constant december 31,       foreign                 constant            currency
2019                           2018       currency impact         currency change     % change
(in thousands)
domestic site leasing                $24,202             $18,857       $-                      $5,345                       28.3%
international site leasing             8,899               7,932                 (236)                     1,203            15.2%
total site leasing                   $33,101             $26,789       $(236)                  $6,548                       24.4%
site development                           2                 345                 -                         (343)          (99.4%)
total                                $33,103             $27,134       $(236)                  $6,205                       22.9%
asset impairment and decommission costs increased $6.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. this change was primarily as a result of a $4.4 million increase in impairment charges resulting from our regular analysis of whether the future cash flows from certain towers are adequate to recover the carrying value of the investment in those towers and a $1.5 million increase in the impairment charge recorded on decommissioned towers.
depreciation, accretion, and amortization expense:
for the year ended                                                   constant december 31,       foreign                 constant            currency
2019                                 2018       currency impact         currency change     % change
(in thousands)
domestic site leasing                  $527,718               $511,823       $-                      $15,895                      3.1%
international site leasing              161,183                151,570                 (8,890)                  18,503           12.2%
total site leasing                     $688,901               $663,393       $(8,890)                $34,398                      5.2%
site development                          2,341                  2,556                 -                         (215)          (8.4%)
other                                     5,836                  6,164                 -                         (328)          (5.3%)
total                                  $697,078               $672,113       $(8,890)                $33,855                      5.0%
depreciation, accretion, and amortization expense increased $25.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, depreciation, accretion, and amortization expense increased $33.9 million. these changes were primarily due to an increase in the number of towers we acquired and built since january 1, 2018, partially offset by the impact of assets that became fully depreciated since the prior year period.
operating income (expense):
for the year ended                                                    constant december 31,       foreign                 constant             currency
2019                                   2018       currency impact         currency change      % change
(in thousands)
domestic site leasing                   $569,135                $525,137       $-                      $43,998                      8.4%
international site leasing                48,424                  41,897                 (3,008)                    9,535          22.8%
total site leasing                      $617,559                $567,034       $(3,008)                $53,533                      9.4%
site development                          10,839                   9,646                 -                          1,193          12.4%
other                                   (44,910)                (32,514)                 -                       (12,396)          38.1%
total                                   $583,488                $544,166       $(3,008)                $42,330                      7.8%
domestic site leasing operating income increased $44.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher segment operating profit, partially offset by increases in selling, general, and administrative expenses, depreciation, accretion, and amortization expense, asset impairment and decommission costs, and acquisition and new business initiatives related adjustments and expenses.
international site leasing operating income increased $6.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, international site leasing operating income increased $9.5 million. these changes were primarily due to higher segment operating profit, partially offset by increases in depreciation, accretion, and amortization expense, selling, general, and administrative expenses, acquisition and new business initiatives related adjustments and expenses, and asset impairment and decommission costs.
site development operating income increased $1.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher segment operating profit, partially offset by an increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses.
‎
other income (expense):
for the year ended                                                                             constant december 31,                                      foreign                 constant             currency
2019                                       2018       currency impact         currency change      % change
(in thousands)
interest income                               $5,500                    $6,731                  $(192)                  $(1,039)                    (15.4%)
interest expense                                      (390,036)                 (376,217)                 (9)                     (13,810)             3.7%
non-cash interest expense                               (3,193)                   (2,640)                 (566)         13                           (0.5%)
amortization of deferred financing fees                (22,466)                  (20,289)                 -                       (2,177)             10.7%
loss from extinguishment of debt, net                     (457)                  (14,443)                 -                       13,986            (96.8%)
other (expense) income, net                              14,053                  (85,624)                 99,623        54                             1.6%
total                                         $(396,599)                $(492,482)              $98,856                 $(2,973)                       0.7%
interest expense increased $13.8 million, on an actual and constant currency basis, for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year, due to a higher average principal amount of cash-interest bearing debt outstanding as compared to the prior year, partially offset by a lower weighted average interest rate as compared to the prior year.
loss from extinguishment of debt was $0.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 due to the write-off of the unamortized financing fees and accrued interest associated with the repayment of the 2014-1c tower securities in september 2019. loss from extinguishment of debt was $14.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 due to the write-off of the unamortized financing fees associated with the repayment of the 2013-1c tower securities and 2013-1d tower securities in march 2018, as well as the write-off of the original issuance discount and unamortized financing fees associated with the repayment of the 2014 term loan and 2015 term loan in april 2018.
other (expense) income, net includes a $13.1 million gain on the remeasurement of u.s. dollar denominated intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries for the year ended december 31, 2019, while the prior year period included a $89.1 million loss.
provision for income taxes:
for the year ended                                                                constant december 31,                          foreign                 constant            currency
2019              2018                    currency impact         currency change     % change
(in thousands)
provision for income taxes       $(39,605)           $(4,233)          $(31,797)               $(3,575)                   10.4%
provision for income taxes increased $35.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, provision for income taxes increased $3.6 million. this change was primarily due to an increase in foreign income taxes partially offset by a decrease in foreign withholding taxes.
net income:
for the year ended                                                              constant december 31,                        foreign                 constant            currency
2019              2018                  currency impact         currency change     % change
(in thousands)
net income       $147,284            $47,451         $64,051                 $35,782                    7.4%
net income increased $99.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. this change was primarily due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates including changes recorded on the remeasurement of the u.s. dollar denominated intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries (net of the tax impact), an increase in operating income, and a lower loss from extinguishment of debt in the current year as compared to the prior year, partially offset by an increase in interest expense and a provision for income taxes.
year ended 2018 compared to year ended 2017
for a discussion of our 2018 results of operations, including a discussion of our financial results for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the fiscal year ended december 31, 2017, refer to part i, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 28, 2019.
non-gaap financial measures this report contains information regarding adjusted ebitda, a non-gaap measure. we have provided below a description of adjusted ebitda, a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to its most directly comparable gaap measure and an explanation as to why management utilizes this measure. this report also presents our financial results and other financial metrics after eliminating the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we believe that providing these financial results and metrics on a constant currency basis, which are non-gaap measures, gives management and investors the ability to evaluate the performance of our business without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. we eliminate the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates by dividing the current period's financial results by the average monthly exchange rates of the prior year period, as well as by eliminating the impact of the remeasurement of our intercompany loans.
adjusted ebitda we define adjusted ebitda as net income excluding the impact of non-cash straight-line leasing revenue, non-cash straight-line ground lease expense, non-cash compensation, net loss from extinguishment of debt, other income and expenses, acquisition and new business initiatives related adjustments and expenses, asset impairment and decommission costs, interest income, interest expenses, depreciation, accretion, and amortization, and provision for or benefit from taxes.
we believe that adjusted ebitda is useful to investors or other interested parties in evaluating our financial performance. adjusted ebitda is the primary measure used by management (1) to evaluate the economic productivity of our operations and (2) for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, our operations. management believes that adjusted ebitda helps investors or other interested parties to meaningfully evaluate and compare the results of our operations (1) from period to period and (2) to our competitors, by excluding the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest charges from our outstanding debt) and asset base (primarily depreciation, amortization and accretion) from our financial results. management also believes adjusted ebitda is frequently used by investors or other interested parties in the evaluation of reits. in addition, adjusted ebitda is similar to the measure of current financial performance generally used by our lenders to determine compliance with certain covenants under our senior credit agreement and the indentures relating to the 2016 senior notes, 2017 senior notes, and 2020 senior notes. adjusted ebitda should be considered only as a supplement to net income computed in accordance with gaap as a measure of our performance.
for the year ended                                                     constant december 31,       foreign                  constant             currency
2019                                     2018       currency impact          currency change      % change
(in thousands)
net income                                                $147,284         $47,451                $64,051                  $35,782                        7.4%
non-cash straight-line leasing revenue                    (12,368)                 (18,643)       248                                   6,027          (32.3%)
non-cash straight-line ground lease expense                 19,944                   26,212                      (7)                  (6,261)          (23.9%)
non-cash compensation                                       73,214                   42,327                    (281)                   31,168            73.6%
loss from extinguishment of debt, net                          457                   14,443                        -                 (13,986)          (96.8%)
other expense (income), net                               (14,053)                   85,624                 (99,623)                     (54)           (1.6%)
acquisition and new business initiatives related adjustments and expenses                            15,228                   10,961                    (339)                    4,606            42.0%
asset impairment and decommission costs                     33,103                   27,134                    (236)                    6,205            22.9%
interest income                                            (5,500)                  (6,731)       192                                   1,039          (15.4%)
interest expense (1)                                       415,695                  399,146       575                                  15,974             4.0%
depreciation, accretion, and amortization                  697,078                  672,113                  (8,890)                   33,855             5.0%
provision for income taxes (2)                              40,548                    5,035                   31,794                    3,719            10.5%
adjusted ebitda                                         $1,410,630         $1,305,072             $(12,516)                $118,074                       9.0%
(1)total interest expense includes interest expense, non-cash interest expense, and amortization of deferred financing fees.
(2)provision for taxes includes $943 and $802 of franchise taxes for the year ended 2019 and 2018, respectively, reflected in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.
adjusted ebitda increased $105.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the prior year. on a constant currency basis, adjusted ebitda increased $118.1 million. these changes were primarily due to an increase in segment operating profit, partially offset by an increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses.
liquidity and capital resources sbac is a holding company with no business operations of its own. sbac's only significant asset is 100% of the outstanding capital stock of sba telecommunications, llc ("telecommunications"), which is also a holding company that owns equity interests in entities that directly or indirectly own all of our domestic and international towers and assets. we conduct all of our business operations through telecommunications' subsidiaries. accordingly, our only source of cash to pay our obligations, other than financings, is distributions with respect to our ownership interest in our subsidiaries from the net earnings and cash flow generated by these subsidiaries.
a summary of our cash flows is as follows:
for the year ended december 31,
2019                                            2018
(in thousands)
cash provided by operating activities                                                             $970,045                      $850,618
cash used in investing activities                                                                (947,158)                     (618,347)
cash used in financing activities                                                                 (62,314)                     (148,537)
change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                                             (39,427)                        83,734
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equiv., and restricted cash                            2,247                       (9,729)
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year                                     178,300                       104,295
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year                                          $141,120                      $178,300
operating activities cash provided by operating activities was $970.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to $850.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase was primarily due to an increase in segment operating profit and an increase in cash outflows associated with working capital changes, partially offset by an increase in cash interest payments, an increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses, and lower interest income earned on interest bearing deposits.
investing activities a detail of our cash capital expenditures is as follows:
for the year ended december 31,
2019                                     2018
(in thousands)
acquisitions of towers and related intangible assets       $(701,471)               $(406,699)
land buyouts and other assets (1)                                  (72,486)                 (45,130)
construction and related costs on new builds                       (56,979)                 (65,553)
augmentation and tower upgrades                                    (62,785)                 (49,372)
tower maintenance                                                  (29,048)                 (29,640)
general corporate                                                   (5,424)                  (5,247)
purchase of investments, net                                       (13,156)                  (6,093)
other investing activities                                          (5,809)                 (10,613)
net cash used in investing activities                      $(947,158)               $(618,347)
(1)excludes $15.2 million and $24.3 million spent to extend ground lease terms for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
subsequent to december 31, 2019, we acquired 65 towers and related assets for $76.3 million in cash. in addition, we have agreed to purchase and anticipate to close on 114 additional communication sites for an aggregate purchase price of $33.9 million.
for 2020, we expect to incur non-discretionary cash capital expenditures associated with tower maintenance and general corporate expenditures of $37.0 million to $47.0 million and discretionary cash capital expenditures, based on current or potential acquisition obligations, planned new tower construction, forecasted tower augmentations, and forecasted ground lease purchases, of $240.0 million to $260.0 million. we expect to fund these cash capital expenditures from cash on hand, cash flow from operations, and borrowings under the revolving credit facility or new financings. the exact amount of our future cash capital expenditures will depend on a number of factors, including amounts necessary to support our tower portfolio, our new tower build and acquisition programs, and our ground lease purchase program.
financing activities a detail of our financing activities is as follows:
for the year ended december 31,
2019                                              2018
(in thousands)
net borrowings (repayments) under revolving credit facility (1)       $165,000                      $285,000
repayment of term loans                                                         (24,000)                     (1,947,000)
proceeds from issuance of term loans, net of fees                                      -                       2,377,218
proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net of fees                                    -                               -
proceeds from issuance of tower securities, net of fees                        1,152,458                         631,466
repayment of tower securities                                                  (920,000)                       (755,000)
repurchase and retirement of common stock (2)                                  (466,982)                       (795,581)
payment of dividends on common stock                                            (83,387)                               -
proceeds from employee stock purchase/stock option plans                         116,202                          59,880
other financing activities                                                       (1,605)                         (4,520)
net cash used in financing activities                                 $(62,314)                     $(148,537)
(1)for additional information regarding our debt offerings, refer to the debt instruments and debt service requirements below.
(2)during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased 2.0 million shares of our class a common stock for $470.3 million, at an average price per share of $231.87. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we repurchased 5.0 million shares of our class a common stock for $795.5 million at an average price per share of $159.87. as of the date of this filing, we had $624.3 million of authorization remaining under the current stock repurchase plan. for additional information, refer to item 5. issuer purchases of equity securities.
for a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the fiscal year ended december 31, 2017, refer to part i, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 28, 2019.
dividend for the year ended december 31, 2019, we paid the following cash dividends:
payable to shareholders of record at the close    cash paid   aggregate amount date declared      of business on            per share   paid               date paid july 29, 2019      august 28, 2019           $0.37       $41.9 million      september 25, 2019
october 25, 2019   november 21, 2019         $0.37       $41.5 million      december 19, 2019
subsequent to december 31, 2019, we declared the following cash dividends:
payable to shareholders   cash to of record at the close    be paid date declared       of business on            per share   date to be paid february 20, 2020   march 10, 2020            $0.465      march 26, 2020
the amount of future distributions will be determined, from time to time, by our board of directors to balance our goal of increasing long-term shareholder value and retaining sufficient cash to implement our current capital allocation policy, which prioritizes investment in quality assets that meet our return criteria, and then stock repurchases when we believe our stock price is below its intrinsic value. the actual amount, timing and frequency of future dividends, will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will be declared based upon various factors, many of which are beyond our control.
registration statements we have on file with the commission a shelf registration statement on form s-4 registering shares of class a common stock that we may issue in connection with the acquisition of wireless communication towers or antenna sites and related assets or companies who own wireless communication towers, antenna sites, or related assets. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we issued 10,000 shares of class a common stock under this registration statement. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately 1.2 million shares of class a common stock remaining under this shelf registration statement.
on march 5, 2018, we filed with the commission an automatic shelf registration statement for well-known seasoned issuers on form s-3asr. this registration statement enables us to issue shares of our class a common stock, preferred stock or debt securities either separately or represented by warrants, or depositary shares as well as units that include any of these securities. under the rules governing automatic shelf registration statements, we will file a prospectus supplement and advise the commission of the amount and type of securities each time we issue securities under this registration statement. no securities were issued under this registration statement through the date of this filing.
debt instruments and debt service requirements senior credit agreement on april 11, 2018, we amended and restated our senior credit agreement to (1) issue a new $2.4 billion term loan, (2) increase the total commitments under the revolving credit facility from $1.0 billion to $1.25 billion, (3) extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility to april 11, 2023, (4) lower the applicable interest rate margins and commitment fees under the revolving credit facility, and (5) amend certain other terms and conditions under the senior credit agreement. the proceeds from the new term loan were used to repay the outstanding balances on the 2014 term loan, 2015 term loan, and revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. this transaction was accounted for as an extinguishment of the 2014 term loan and 2015 term loan.
terms of the senior credit agreement the senior credit agreement, as amended, requires sba senior finance ii to maintain specific financial ratios, including (1) a ratio of consolidated net debt to annualized borrower ebitda not to exceed 6.5 times for any fiscal quarter, (2) a ratio of consolidated net debt (calculated in accordance with the senior credit agreement) to annualized borrower ebitda for the most recently ended fiscal quarter not to exceed 6.5 times for 30 consecutive days and (3) a ratio of annualized borrower ebitda to annualized cash interest expense (calculated in accordance with the senior credit agreement) of not less than 2.0 times for any fiscal quarter. the senior credit agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of sba senior finance ii and its subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, grant certain liens, make certain investments, enter into sale leaseback transactions, merge or consolidate, make certain restricted payments, enter into transactions with affiliates, and engage in certain asset dispositions, including a sale of all or substantially all of their property. the senior credit agreement is also subject to customary events of default. pursuant to the second amended and restated guarantee and collateral agreement, amounts borrowed under the revolving credit facility, the term loans and certain hedging transactions that may be entered into by sba senior finance ii or the subsidiary guarantors (as defined in the senior credit agreement) with lenders or their affiliates are secured by a first lien on the membership interests of sba telecommunications, llc, sba senior finance, llc and sba senior finance ii and on substantially all of the assets (other than leasehold, easement and fee interests in real property) of sba senior finance ii and the subsidiary guarantors.
the senior credit agreement, as amended, permits sba senior finance ii, without the consent of the other lenders, to request that one or more lenders provide sba senior finance ii with increases in the revolving credit facility or additional term loans provided that after giving effect to the proposed increase in revolving credit facility commitments or incremental term loans the ratio of consolidated net debt to annualized borrower ebitda would not exceed 6.5 times. sba senior finance ii's ability to request such increases in the revolving credit facility or additional term loans is subject to its compliance with customary conditions set forth in the senior credit agreement including compliance, on a pro forma basis, with the financial covenants and ratios set forth therein and, with respect to any additional term loan, an increase in the margin on existing term loans to the extent required by the terms of the senior credit agreement. upon sba senior finance ii's request, each lender may decide, in its sole discretion, whether to increase all or a portion of its revolving credit facility commitment or whether to provide sba senior finance ii with additional term loans and, if so, upon what terms.
revolving credit facility under the senior credit agreement as amended, the revolving credit facility consists of a revolving loan under which up to $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount may be borrowed, repaid and redrawn, based upon specific financial ratios and subject to the satisfaction of other customary conditions to borrowing. amounts borrowed under the revolving credit facility accrue interest, at sba senior finance ii's election, at either (1) the eurodollar rate plus a margin that ranges from 112.5 basis points to 175.0 basis points or (2) the base rate plus a margin that ranges from 12.5 basis points to 75.0 basis points, in each case based on the ratio of consolidated net debt to annualized borrower ebitda, calculated in accordance with the senior credit agreement. in addition, sba senior finance ii is required to pay a commitment fee of between 0.20% and 0.25% per annum on the amount of unused commitment. if not earlier terminated by sba senior finance ii, the revolving credit facility will terminate on, and sba senior finance ii will repay all amounts outstanding on or before, april 11, 2023. the proceeds available under the revolving credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes. sba senior finance ii may, from time to time, borrow from and repay the revolving credit facility. consequently, the amount outstanding under the revolving credit facility at the end of the period may not be reflective of the total amounts outstanding during such period.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we borrowed $755.0 million and repaid $590.0 million of the outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2019, the balance outstanding under the revolving credit facility was $490.0 million accruing interest at 3.13% per annum. in addition, sba senior finance ii was required to pay a commitment fee of 0.20% per annum on the amount of the unused commitment. as of december 31, 2019, sba senior finance ii was in compliance with the financial covenants contained in the senior credit agreement.
subsequent to december 31, 2019, we borrowed $250.0 million and repaid $505.0 million of the outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility. as of the date of this filing, $235.0 million was outstanding under the revolving credit facility.
term loans under the senior credit agreement repricing amendment to the senior credit agreement on november 19, 2019, we amended our senior credit agreement, primarily to reduce the stated rate of interest applicable to our senior secured term loan. as amended, the senior secured term loan accrues interest, at sba senior finance ii's election, at either the base rate plus 75 basis points (with a zero base rate floor) or the eurodollar rate plus 175 basis points (with a zero eurodollar rate floor).
2018 term loan on april 11, 2018, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, sba senior finance ii llc, obtained a new term loan (the "2018 term loan") under the amended and restated senior credit agreement. the 2018 term loan consists of a senior secured term loan with an initial aggregate principal amount of $2.4 billion that matures on april 11, 2025. prior to november 19, 2019, the 2018 term loan accrued interest, at sba senior finance ii's election at either the base rate plus 100 basis points (with a zero base rate floor) or the eurodollar rate plus 200 basis points (with a zero eurodollar rate floor). the 2018 term loan was issued at 99.75% of par value. as of december 31, 2019, the 2018 term loan was accruing interest at 3.55% per annum. principal payments on the 2018 term loan commenced on september 30, 2018 and are being made in quarterly installments on the last day of each march, june, september, and december in an amount equal to $6.0 million. we incurred financing fees of approximately $16.8 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the maturity date. the proceeds from the 2018 term loan were used (1) to retire the outstanding $1.93 billion in aggregate principal amount of the 2014 term loan and 2015 term loan, (2) to pay down the existing outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility, and (3) for general corporate purposes.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repaid an aggregate of $24.0 million of principal on the 2018 term loan. as of december 31, 2019, the 2018 term loan had a principal balance of $2.4 billion.
on february 1, 2019, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, sba senior finance ii, llc, entered into a four year interest rate swap on a portion of our 2018 term loan in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. the interest rate swap has a $1.2 billion notional value receiving interest at one month libor plus 200 basis points and paying a fixed rate of 4.495% per annum settled monthly.
on may 23, 2019, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, sba senior finance ii, llc, entered into a four year interest rate swap on a portion of our 2018 term loan in order to further reduce our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. the interest rate swap has a $750.0 million notional value receiving interest at one month libor plus 200 basis points and paying a fixed rate of 4.08% per annum settled monthly.
on december 3, 2019, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, sba senior finance ii llc, entered into a series of interest rate swaps on a portion of our 2018 term loan, effectively replacing both existing interest rate swaps. as a result, we swapped $1.95 billion of notional value receiving interest at one month libor plus 175 basis points for a fixed rate of 3.78% per annum settled monthly through the maturity date of the 2018 term loan.
secured tower revenue securities tower revenue securities terms the mortgage loan underlying the 2013-2c tower securities, 2014-2c tower securities, 2015-1c tower securities, 2016-1c tower securities, 2017-1c tower securities, 2018-1c tower securities, and 2019-1c tower securities (together the "tower securities") will be paid from the operating cash flows from the aggregate 10,043 tower sites owned by the borrowers. the sole asset of the trust consists of a non-recourse mortgage loan made in favor of those entities that are borrowers on the mortgage loan (the "borrowers"). the mortgage loan is secured by (1) mortgages, deeds of trust, and deeds to secure debt on a substantial portion of the tower sites, (2) a security interest in the tower sites and substantially all of the borrowers' personal property and fixtures, (3) the borrowers' rights under certain tenant leases, and (4) all of the proceeds of the foregoing. for each calendar month, sba network management, inc., an indirect subsidiary ("network management"), is entitled to receive a management fee equal to 4.5% of the borrowers' operating revenues for the immediately preceding calendar month.
the borrowers may prepay any of the mortgage loan components, in whole or in part, with no prepayment consideration, (1) within twelve months (in the case of the component corresponding to the secured tower revenue securities series 2015-1c, secured tower revenue securities series 2016-1c, secured tower revenue securities series 2017-1c, secured tower revenue securities series 2018-1c, and secured tower revenue securities series 2019-1c) or eighteen months (in the case of the components corresponding to the secured tower revenue securities series 2013-2c and secured tower revenue securities series 2014-2c) of the anticipated repayment date of such mortgage loan component, (2) with proceeds received as a result of any condemnation or casualty of any tower owned by the borrowers or (3) during an amortization period. in all other circumstances, the borrowers may prepay the mortgage loan, in whole or in part, upon payment of the applicable prepayment consideration. the prepayment consideration is determined based on the class of the tower securities to which the prepaid mortgage loan component corresponds and consists of an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (1) the present value associated with the portion of the principal balance being prepaid, calculated in accordance with the formula set forth in the mortgage loan agreement, on the date of prepayment of all future installments of principal and interest required to be paid from the date of prepayment to and including the first due date within twelve months (in the case of the component corresponding to the secured tower revenue securities series 2015-1c, secured tower revenue securities series 2016-1c, secured tower revenue securities series 2017-1c, secured tower revenue securities series 2018-1c, and secured tower revenue securities series 2019-1c) or eighteen months (in the case of the components corresponding to the secured tower revenue securities series 2013-2c and secured tower revenue securities series 2014-2c) of the anticipated repayment date of such mortgage loan component over (2) that portion of the principal balance of such class prepaid on the date of such prepayment.
to the extent that the mortgage loan components corresponding to the tower securities are not fully repaid by their respective anticipated repayment dates, the interest rate of each such component will increase by the greater of (1) 5% and (2) the amount, if any, by which the sum of (x) the 10 year u.s. treasury rate plus (y) the credit-based spread for such component (as set forth in the mortgage loan agreement) plus (z) 5%, exceeds the original interest rate for such component.
pursuant to the terms of the tower securities, all rents and other sums due on any of the towers owned by the borrowers are directly deposited by the lessees into a controlled deposit account and are held by the indenture trustee. the monies held by the indenture trustee after the release date are classified as short-term restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheets (see note 4). however, if the debt service coverage ratio, defined as the net cash flow (as defined in the mortgage loan agreement) divided by the amount of interest on the mortgage loan, servicing fees and trustee fees that the borrowers are required to pay over the succeeding twelve months, as of the end of any calendar quarter, falls to 1.30x or lower, then all cash flow in excess of amounts required to make debt service payments, to fund required reserves, to pay management fees and budgeted operating expenses and to make other payments required under the loan documents, referred to as "excess cash flow," will be deposited into a reserve account instead of being released to the borrowers. the funds in the reserve account will not be released to the borrowers unless the debt service coverage ratio exceeds 1.30x for two consecutive calendar quarters. if the debt service coverage ratio falls below 1.15x as of the end of any calendar quarter, then an "amortization period" will commence and all funds on deposit in the reserve account will be applied to prepay the mortgage loan until such time that the debt service coverage ratio exceeds 1.15x for a calendar quarter. in addition, if any of the tower securities are not fully repaid by their respective anticipated repayment dates, the cash flow from the towers owned by the borrowers will be trapped by the trustee for the tower securities and applied first to repay the interest, at the original interest rates, on the mortgage loan components underlying the tower securities, second to fund all reserve accounts and operating expenses associated with those towers, third to pay the management fees due to network management, fourth to repay principal of the tower securities and fifth to repay the additional interest discussed above. furthermore, the advance rents reserve requirement states that the borrowers are required to maintain an advance rents reserve at any time the monthly tenant debt service coverage ratio is equal to or less than 2:1 and for two calendar months after such coverage ratio again exceeds 2:1. the mortgage loan agreement, as amended, also includes covenants customary for mortgage loans subject to rated securitizations. among other things, the borrowers are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets.
2013-2c tower securities on april 18, 2013, we, through the trust, issued $575.0 million of secured tower revenue securities series 2013-2c, which have an anticipated repayment date of april 11, 2023 and a final maturity date of april 9, 2048 (the "2013-2c tower securities"). the fixed interest rate of the 2013-2c tower securities is 3.722% per annum, payable monthly. we incurred financing fees of $11.0 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the anticipated repayment date of the 2013-2c tower securities.
2014 tower securities on october 15, 2014, we, through the trust, issued $920.0 million of 2.898% secured tower revenue securities series 2014-1c, which had an anticipated repayment date of october 8, 2019 and a final maturity date of october 11, 2044 (the "2014-1c tower securities") and $620.0 million of 3.869% secured tower revenue securities series 2014-2c, which had an anticipated repayment date of october 8, 2024 and a final maturity date of october 8, 2049 (the "2014-2c tower securities") (collectively the "2014 tower securities"). we incurred financing fees of $22.5 million in relation to this transaction, which were being amortized through the anticipated repayment date of each of the 2014 tower securities.
on september 13, 2019, we repaid the entire aggregate principal amount of the 2014-1c tower securities in connection with the issuance of the 2019-1c tower securities (as defined below). additionally, we expensed $0.4 million of deferred financing fees and accrued interest related to the redemption of the 2014-1c tower securities, which are reflected in loss from extinguishment of debt on the consolidated statement of operations.
2015-1c tower securities on october 14, 2015, we, through the trust, issued $500.0 million of secured tower revenue securities series 2015-1c, which have an anticipated repayment date of october 8, 2020 and a final maturity date of october 10, 2045 (the "2015-1c tower securities"). the fixed interest rate of the 2015-1c tower securities is 3.156% per annum, payable monthly. we incurred financing fees of $11.2 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the anticipated repayment date of the 2015-1c tower securities.
2016-1c tower securities on july 7, 2016, we, through the trust, issued $700.0 million of secured tower revenue securities series 2016-1c, which have an anticipated repayment date of july 9, 2021 and a final maturity date of july 10, 2046 (the "2016-1c tower securities"). the fixed interest rate of the 2016-1c tower securities is 2.877% per annum, payable monthly. we incurred financing fees of $9.5 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the anticipated repayment date of the 2016-1c tower securities.
2017-1c tower securities on april 17, 2017, we, through the trust, issued $760.0 million of secured tower revenue securities series 2017-1c, which have an anticipated repayment date of april 11, 2022 and a final maturity date of april 9, 2047 (the "2017-1c tower securities"). the fixed interest rate on the 2017-1c tower securities is 3.168% per annum, payable monthly. we incurred financing fees of $10.2 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the anticipated repayment date of the 2017-1c tower securities.
in addition, to satisfy certain risk retention requirements of regulation rr promulgated under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"), sba guarantor, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary, purchased $40.0 million of secured tower revenue securities series 2017-1r issued by the trust, which have an anticipated repayment date of april 11, 2022 and a final maturity date of april 9, 2047 (the "2017-1r tower securities"). the fixed interest rate on the 2017-1r tower securities is 4.459% per annum, payable monthly. principal and interest payments made on the 2017-1r tower securities eliminate in consolidation.
2018-1c tower securities on march 9, 2018, we, through the trust, issued $640.0 million of secured tower revenue securities series 2018-1c, which have an anticipated repayment date of march 9, 2023 and a final maturity date of march 9, 2048 (the "2018-1c tower securities"). the fixed interest rate on the 2018-1c tower securities is 3.448% per annum, payable monthly. we incurred financing fees of $8.6 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the anticipated repayment date of the 2018-1c tower securities.
in addition, to satisfy certain risk retention requirements of regulation rr promulgated under the exchange act, sba guarantor, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary, purchased $33.7 million of secured tower revenue securities series 2018-1r issued by the trust. these securities have an anticipated repayment date of march 9, 2023 and a final maturity date of march 9, 2048 (the "2018-1r tower securities"). the fixed interest rate on the 2018-1r tower securities is 4.949% per annum, payable monthly. principal and interest payments made on the 2018-1r tower securities eliminate in consolidation.
2019-1c tower securities on september 13, 2019, we, through the trust, issued $1.165 billion of secured tower revenue securities series 2019-1c, which have an anticipated repayment date of january 12, 2025 and a final maturity date of january 12, 2050 (the "2019-1c tower securities"). the fixed interest rate on the 2019-1c tower securities is 2.836% per annum, payable monthly. net proceeds from this offering were used to repay the entire aggregate principal amount of the 2014-1c tower securities ($920.0 million), as well as accrued and unpaid interest, amounts outstanding on the revolving credit facility, and any remaining amount was used for general corporate purposes. we incurred financing fees of $12.5 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the anticipated repayment date of the 2019-1c tower securities.
in addition, to satisfy certain risk retention requirements of regulation rr promulgated under the exchange act, sba guarantor, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary, purchased $61.4 million of secured tower revenue securities series 2019-1r issued by the trust. these securities have an anticipated repayment date of january 12, 2025 and a final maturity date of january 12, 2050 (the "2019-1r tower securities"). the fixed interest rate on the 2019-1r tower securities is 4.213% per annum, payable monthly. principal and interest payments made on the 2019-1r tower securities eliminate in consolidation.
in connection with the issuance of the 2019-1c tower securities, sba properties, llc, sba sites, llc, sba structures, llc, sba infrastructure, llc, sba monarch towers iii, llc, sba 2012 tc assets pr, llc, sba 2012 tc assets, llc, sba towers iv, llc, sba monarch towers i, llc, sba towers usvi, inc., sba towers vii, llc, sba gc towers, llc, sba towers v, llc, and sba towers vi, llc (collectively, the "borrowers"), each an indirect subsidiary of sbac, and midland loan services, a division of pnc bank, national association, as servicer, on behalf of the trustee entered into the second loan and security agreement supplement and amendment pursuant to which, among other things, (1) the outstanding principal amount of the mortgage loan was increased by $1.2 billion (but increased by a net of $306.4 million after giving effect to prepayment of the loan components relating to the 2014-1c tower securities) and (2) the borrowers became jointly and severally liable for the aggregate $5.0 billion borrowed under the mortgage loan corresponding to the 2013-2c tower securities, 2014-2c tower securities, 2015-1c tower securities, 2016-1c tower securities, 2017-1c tower securities, 2018-1c tower securities, and the newly issued 2019-1c tower securities. the new loan, after eliminating the risk retention securities, accrues interest at the same rate as the 2019-1c tower securities and is subject to all other material terms of the existing mortgage loan, including collateral and interest rate after the anticipated repayment date.
debt covenants as of december 31, 2019, the borrowers met the debt service coverage ratio required by the mortgage loan agreement and were in compliance with all other covenants as set forth in the agreement.
senior notes
2014 senior notes on july 1, 2014, we issued $750.0 million of unsecured senior notes due july 15, 2022 (the "2014 senior notes"). the 2014 senior notes accrued interest at a rate of 4.875% per annum and were issued at 99.178% of par value. interest on the 2014 senior notes was due semi-annually on january 15 and july 15 of each year. we incurred financing fees of $11.6 million in relation to this transaction which are being amortized through the maturity date.
on february 20, 2020, we redeemed the entire $750.0 million balance on the 2014 senior notes with proceeds from the 2020 senior notes (defined below). in addition, we paid a $9.1 million call premium and expensed $7.7 million for the write-off of the original issue discount and financing fees related to the redemption of the 2014 senior notes which are reflected in loss from extinguishment of debt on the consolidated statement of operations.
2016 senior notes on august 15, 2016, we issued $1.1 billion of unsecured senior notes due september 1, 2024 (the "2016 senior notes"). the 2016 senior notes accrue interest at a rate of 4.875% per annum and were issued at 99.178% of par value. interest on the 2016 senior notes is due semi-annually on march 1 and september 1 of each year, beginning on march 1, 2017. we incurred financing fees of $12.8 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the maturity date.
the 2016 senior notes are subject to redemption in whole or in part at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture agreement plus accrued and unpaid interest. we may redeem the 2016 senior notes during the twelve-month period beginning on the following dates at the following redemption prices: september 1, 2019 at 103.656%, september 1, 2020 at 102.438%, september 1, 2021 at 101.219%, or september 1, 2022 until maturity at 100.000%, of the principal amount of the 2016 senior notes to be redeemed on the redemption date plus accrued and unpaid interest.
2017 senior notes on october 13, 2017, we issued $750.0 million of unsecured senior notes due october 1, 2022 (the "2017 senior notes"). the 2017 senior notes accrue interest at a rate of 4.0% per annum. interest on the 2017 senior notes is due semi-annually on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning on april 1, 2018. we incurred financing fees of $8.9 million in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the maturity date.
the 2017 senior notes are subject to redemption in whole or in part at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture agreement plus accrued and unpaid interest. prior to october 1, 2020, we may, at our option, redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2017 senior notes originally issued at a redemption price of 104.000% of the principal amount of the 2017 senior notes to be redeemed on the redemption date plus accrued and unpaid interest with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings. we may redeem the 2017 senior notes during the twelve-month period beginning on the following dates at the following redemption prices: october 1, 2019 at 102.000%, october 1, 2020 at 101.000%, or october 1, 2021 until maturity at 100.000%, of the principal amount of the 2017 senior notes to be redeemed on the redemption date plus accrued and unpaid interest.
2020 senior notes on february 4, 2020, we issued $1.0 billion of unsecured senior notes due february 15, 2027 (the "2020 senior notes"). the 2020 senior notes accrue interest at a rate of 3.875% per annum. interest on the 2020 senior notes is due semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, beginning on august 15, 2020. we incurred financing fees of $11.4 million to date in relation to this transaction, which are being amortized through the maturity date. net proceeds from this offering were used to redeem all of the outstanding principal amount of the 2014 senior notes and repay a portion of the amount outstanding under the revolving credit facility.
the 2020 senior notes are subject to redemption in whole or in part on or after february 15, 2023 at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture agreement plus accrued and unpaid interest. prior to february 15, 2023, we may, at our option, redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2020 senior notes originally issued at a redemption price of 103.875% of the principal amount of the 2020 senior notes to be redeemed on the redemption date plus accrued and unpaid interest with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings. we may redeem the 2020 senior notes during the twelve-month period beginning on the following dates at the following redemption prices: february 15, 2023 at 101.938%, february 15, 2024 at 100.969%, or february 15, 2025 until maturity at 100.000%, of the principal amount of the 2020 senior notes to be redeemed on the redemption date plus accrued and unpaid interest.
indentures governing senior notes the indentures governing the senior notes contain customary covenants, subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications, including restrictions on the ability of sbac and telecommunications to (1) incur additional indebtedness unless the consolidated indebtedness to annualized consolidated adjusted ebitda ratio (as defined in the indenture), pro forma for the additional indebtedness does not exceed, with respect to any fiscal quarter, 9.5x for sbac, (2) merge, consolidate or sell assets, (3) make restricted payments, including dividends or other distributions, (4) enter into transactions with affiliates, and (5) enter into sale and leaseback transactions and restrictions on the ability of the restricted subsidiaries of sbac (as defined in the indentures) to incur liens securing indebtedness.
debt service as of december 31, 2019, we believe that our cash on hand, capacity available under our revolving credit facility, and cash flows from operations for the next twelve months will be sufficient to service our outstanding debt during the next twelve months.
the following table illustrates our estimate of our debt service requirement over the twelve months ended december 31, 2020 based on the amounts outstanding as of december 31, 2019 and the interest rates accruing on those amounts on such date (in thousands):
2014 senior notes (1)          $36,563
2016 senior notes           53,625
2017 senior notes           30,000
2013-2c tower securities           21,585
2014-2c tower securities           24,185
2015-1c tower securities (2)          512,529
2016-1c tower securities           20,361
2017-1c tower securities           24,318
2018-1c tower securities           22,270
2019-1c tower securities           33,409
revolving credit facility (1)           16,855
2018 term loan (3)          112,436
total debt service for the next 12 months (1)         $908,136
(1)total debt service excludes interest payments on the $1.0 billion 2020 senior notes issued february 4, 2020, proceeds from which were used to redeem all of the outstanding principal amount of the 2014 senior notes ($750.0 million) and to repay the amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility.
(2)the anticipated repayment date and the final maturity date for the 2015-1c tower securities is october 8, 2020 and october 10, 2045, respectively. interest expense included above is through the anticipated repayment date.
(3)total debt service on the 2018 term loan includes the impact of interest rate swaps entered into in 2019 which swapped $1.95 billion of notional value accruing interest at one month libor plus 175 basis points for a fixed rate of 3.78% per annum through the maturity date of the 2018 term loan.
inflation the impact of inflation on our operations has not been significant to date. however, we cannot assure you that a high rate of inflation in the future will not adversely affect our operating results particularly in light of the fact that our site leasing revenues are governed by long-term contracts with pre-determined pricing that we will not be able to increase in response to increases in inflation other than our contracts in south america and south africa which have inflationary index based rental escalators.
‎
commitments and contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual commitments as of december 31, 2019:
2020                                 2021                  2022                  2023                  2024      thereafter                      total
(in thousands)
principal payments of debt (1)              $524,000              $724,000            $2,284,000            $1,729,000            $1,744,000      $3,409,000                $10,414,000
interest payments (2)                        384,136               361,873               311,349               311,683               102,934              133,997             1,605,972
operating leases                             254,660               256,197               257,201               257,277               255,925              2,992,385           4,273,645
capital leases                                 1,374                 1,201                   985                   545                    11              -                       4,116
employment agreements                          2,755                 1,805                     -                     -                     -              -                       4,560
total contractual obligations             $1,166,925            $1,345,076            $2,853,535            $2,298,505            $2,102,870      $6,535,382                $16,302,293
(1)principal payments of debt represented by the tower securities is based on the anticipated repayment date of the applicable series of tower securities.
(2) represents interest payments based on the 2013-2c tower securities interest rate of 3.722%, the 2014-2c tower securities interest rate of 3.869%, the 2015-1c tower securities interest rate of 3.156%, the 2016-1c tower securities interest rate of 2.877%, the 2017-1c tower securities interest rate of 3.168%, the 2018-1c tower securities interest rate of 3.448%, the 2019-1c tower securities interest rate of 2.836%, the 2018 term loan at an average interest rate of 3.74% (which includes the impact of interest rate swaps) as of december 31, 2019, the revolving credit facility at an average interest rate of 3.13% as of december 31, 2019, the 2014 senior notes interest rate of 4.875%, the 2016 senior notes interest rate of 4.875%, and the 2017 senior notes interest rate of 4.000%.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements.
