item 1a.   risk factors we face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. the following discussion addresses those risks that management believes are the most significant, although there may be other risks that could arise, or may prove to be more significant than expected, that may affect our operations or financial results.
we also face certain risks in connection with our proposed merger with td ameritrade as described above in item 1 of this form 10-k. we encourage you to consider the risks below under the caption "risks related to the proposed merger with td ameritrade." these risks and other risks associated with the proposed merger will be more fully discussed in the joint proxy statement/prospectus that will be included in the registration statement on form s-4 that csc will file with the sec in connection with the merger.
for a discussion of our risk management governance and processes, including operational risk, compliance risk, credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk, see risk management and capital management in part ii, item 7.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business.
our business can be adversely affected by the general environment - economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates, and overall investor engagement, and are outside of our control. deterioration in the housing and credit markets, reduction in short-term interest rates, and decreases in securities valuations negatively impact our results of operations and capital resources.
extensive regulation of our businesses may subject us to significant penalties or limitations on business activities.
as a participant in the securities, banking, and financial services industries, we are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, and foreign laws by governmental agencies, supervisory authorities and sros. the costs and uncertainty related to complying with such regulations continue to increase. these regulations affect our business operations and impose capital, client protection, and market conduct requirements on us.
in addition to specific banking laws and regulations, our banking regulators have broad discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies and could require csc and/or our banking subsidiaries to hold more capital, increase liquidity, or limit their ability to pay dividends or csc's ability to repurchase or redeem shares. the banking regulators could also limit our ability to grow, including adding assets, launching new products, making acquisitions, and undertaking strategic investments. other potential regulatory actions include limiting our banking subsidiaries' ability to accept deposits swept from client brokerage accounts and brokered deposits and preventing us from pursuing our business strategy.
despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, there are a number of risks, particularly in areas where applicable laws or regulations may be unclear or where regulators could revise their previous guidance. any enforcement actions or other proceedings brought by our regulators against us or our affiliates, officers or employees could result in fines, penalties, cease and desist orders, enforcement actions, suspension, disqualification or expulsion, or other disciplinary sanctions, including limitations on our business activities, any of which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
while we maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations, violations could occur. in addition, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though systems and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violations were in place at the time. there may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. such a finding may also damage our reputation and our relationships with our regulators and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities.
legislation or changes in rules and regulations could negatively affect our business and financial results.
new legislation, rules, regulations and guidance, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing federal, state, foreign and sro rules, regulations and guidance, including changes relating to mutual funds, broker-dealer fiduciary duties and regulatory treatment of deposit accounts, may directly affect the operation and profitability of schwab or its specific business lines. our profitability could also be affected by rules and regulations that impact the business and financial communities generally, including changes to the laws governing taxation, electronic commerce, client privacy and security of client data. in addition, the rules and regulations could result in limitations on the lines of business we conduct, modifications to our business practices, more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, increased deposit insurance assessments or additional costs and could limit our ability to return capital to stockholders. these changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes to our compliance, risk management, treasury and operations functions.
failure to meet capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines could affect our financial condition.
csc, together with its banking and broker-dealer subsidiaries, must meet certain capital and liquidity standards, subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about the adequacy of schwab's capital and schwab's internal assessment of its capital needs. the uniform net capital rule limits cs&co's ability to transfer capital to csc and other affiliates. new regulatory capital, liquidity, and stress testing requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including paying dividends, stock repurchases, and redemptions, and may require us to increase our capital and/or liquidity or to limit our
-  -
the charles schwab corporation growth. failure by either csc or its banking subsidiaries to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a negative impact on us. in addition, failure by csc or our banking subsidiaries to maintain a sufficient amount of capital to satisfy their capital conservation buffer and countercyclical capital buffer requirements would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers. any requirement that we increase our regulatory capital, replace certain capital instruments which presently qualify as tier 1 capital, or increase regulatory capital ratios or liquidity, could require us to liquidate assets, deleverage or otherwise change our business and/or investment plans, which may adversely affect our financial results. issuing additional common stock would dilute the ownership of existing stockholders.
effective december 31, 2019, csc was assigned to category iii of the new tailored regulatory requirements. the federal reserve indicated that large savings and loan holding companies, including csc, will become subject to the ccar process. if csc reaches $700 billion in total assets or $75 billion in cross-jurisdictional activity, csc will become subject to more stringent category ii requirements, including annual stress testing, the advanced approaches framework, the inability to opt out of including aoci in regulatory capital calculations, the full lcr rule and daily liquidity reporting. csc will also be subject to the full lcr rule and daily liquidity reporting if its weighted short-term wholesale funding is $75 billion or more.
a significant change in client cash allocations could negatively impact our net interest revenue.
we rely heavily on bank deposits as a funding source to extend loans to clients and purchase investment securities. our bank deposits are primarily driven by our bank sweep feature when cash awaiting investment in our client brokerage accounts is swept to our banking subsidiaries. a significant reduction in our clients' allocation to cash, a change in the allocation of that cash, or a transfer of cash away from the company, could reduce net interest revenue.
significant interest rate changes could affect our profitability.
the direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. a decline in interest rates may have a negative impact on our net interest revenue. a low interest rate environment may also have a negative impact on our asset management and administration fee revenues if we have to waive a portion of our management fees for certain schwab-sponsored money market mutual funds in order to continue providing a positive return to clients.
although we believe we are positioned to benefit from a rising interest rate environment, a rise in interest rates may cause our funding costs to increase if market conditions or the competitive environment induces us to raise our interest rates to avoid losing deposits, or replace deposits with higher cost funding sources without offsetting increases in yields on interest-earning assets can reduce our net interest revenue.
the expected phase-out of libor could negatively impact our net interest revenue and require significant operational work.
certain securities in our investment portfolio and the floating rate loans we offer reference libor as the benchmark rate to determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount. we also use libor in many of our financial models, such as those used for capital stress testing, and to determine the dividend rates for certain of our series of preferred stock which begin to float in 2022 and later. if libor is discontinued after 2021 as expected, there will be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instruments and there will be significant work required to transition to using the new benchmark rates and implement necessary changes to our systems and financial models. this could result in different financial performance for previously booked transactions and may impact our existing transaction data, products, systems, operations, and pricing processes. the calculation of interest rates under the replacement benchmarks could also impact our net interest revenue. in addition, libor may perform differently during the phase-out period than in the past which could result in lower interest payments and a reduction in the value of certain securities in our investment portfolio.
security breaches of our systems, or those of our clients or third parties, may subject us to significant liability and damage schwab's reputation.
our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, in part because of the use of the internet and mobile technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers and other external parties, including foreign state actors. our systems and those of other financial institutions have
-  -
the charles schwab corporation been and are likely to continue to be the target of cyber attacks, malicious code, computer viruses and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. data security breaches may also result from non-technical means, for example, employee misconduct.
given the high volume of transactions that we process, the large number of clients, counterparties and third-party service providers with which we do business and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. the extent of a particular cyber attack and the steps we may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before an investigation is completed and full and reliable information about the attack is known. during such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.
security breaches, including breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or clients, could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws and could subject us to significant liability or loss that may not be covered by insurance, actions by our regulators, damage to schwab's reputation, or a loss of confidence in our security measures which could harm our business. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures.
we also face risk related to external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients' user names, passwords or other personal information to gain access to clients' financial accounts at schwab. this could occur from the compromise of clients' personal electronic devices or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company where clients' personal information is taken and then made available to fraudsters. such risk has grown in recent years due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime and other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. losses reimbursed to clients under our guarantee against unauthorized account activity could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
technology and operational failures or errors could subject us to losses, litigation, regulatory actions, and reputational damage.
we must process, record and monitor a large number of transactions and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. system interruptions, errors or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems and power failures and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws, events impacting key business partners and vendors, and similar events. for example, schwab and other financial institutions have been the target of various denial of service attacks that have, in certain circumstances, made websites, mobile applications and email unavailable for periods of time. it could take an extended period of time to restore full functionality to our technology or other operating systems in the event of an unforeseen occurrence, which could affect our ability to process and settle client transactions. moreover, instances of fraud or other misconduct might also negatively impact schwab's reputation and client confidence in the company, in addition to any direct losses that might result from such instances. despite our efforts to identify areas of risk, oversee operational areas involving risk, and implement policies and procedures designed to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses, reputational damage or regulatory action due to technology or other operational failures or errors, including those of our vendors or other third parties.
while we devote substantial attention and resources to the reliability, capacity and scalability of our systems, extraordinary trading volumes could cause our computer systems to operate at unacceptably slow speeds or even fail, affecting our ability to process client transactions and potentially resulting in some clients' orders being executed at prices they did not anticipate. disruptions in service and slower system response times could result in substantial losses and decreased client satisfaction. we are also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses and other
-  -
the charles schwab corporation intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. system failures and constraints and transaction errors at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices, cause substantial losses for us and for our clients, and subject us to claims from our clients for damages.
our investment management operations may subject us to fiduciary or other legal liability for client losses.
fund and trust management and administration are complex activities and include functions such as recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, compliance with investment restrictions, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. failure to properly perform operational tasks, or the misrepresentation of our services and products could subject us to regulatory sanctions, penalties or litigation and result in reputational damage, liability to clients, and the termination of investment management or administration agreements and the withdrawal of assets under our management.
in the management and administration of funds and client accounts, we use quantitative models and other tools and resources to support investment decisions and processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. errors in the design, function, or underlying assumptions used in these models and tools, particularly if we fail to detect the errors over an extended period, could subject us to claims of a breach of fiduciary duty and potentially large liabilities for make-whole payments, litigation, and/or regulatory fines.
a significant decrease in our liquidity could negatively affect our business as well as reduce client confidence in schwab.
maintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to our business operations, including transaction settlement, custody requirements, and lending commitments, among other liquidity needs. we meet our liquidity needs primarily from working capital and cash generated by client activity, as well as external financing. fluctuations in client cash or deposit balances, as well as market conditions or changes in regulatory treatment of client deposits, may affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs. a reduction in our liquidity position could reduce client confidence in schwab, which could result in the transfer of client assets and accounts, or could cause us to fail to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including the lcr. in addition, if our broker-dealer or depository institution subsidiaries fail to meet regulatory capital guidelines, regulators could limit the subsidiaries' operations or their ability to upstream funds to csc, which could reduce csc's liquidity and adversely affect its ability to repay debt, pay dividends on csc's preferred stock, or return capital to common stockholders. in addition, csc may need to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries.
factors which may adversely affect our liquidity position include cs&co having temporary liquidity demands due to timing differences between brokerage transaction settlements and the availability of segregated cash balances, fluctuations in cash held in banking or brokerage client accounts, a dramatic increase in our lending activities (including margin, mortgage-related, and personal lending), increased capital requirements, changes in regulatory guidance or interpretations, other regulatory changes, or a loss of market or client confidence in schwab resulting in unanticipated withdrawals of client funds.
when available cash is not sufficient for our liquidity needs, we may seek external financing. during periods of disruptions in the credit and capital markets, potential sources of external financing could be reduced, and borrowing costs could increase. although csc and cs&co maintain committed and uncommitted, unsecured bank credit lines and csc has a commercial paper issuance program, as well as a universal shelf registration statement filed with the sec which can be used to sell securities, financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all due to market conditions or disruptions in the credit markets. in addition, a significant downgrade in the company's credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets.
we may suffer significant losses from our credit exposures.
our businesses are subject to the risk that a client, counterparty or issuer will fail to perform its contractual obligations, or that the value of collateral held to secure obligations will prove to be inadequate. while we have policies and procedures designed to manage this risk, the policies and procedures may not be fully effective. our exposure mainly results from margin lending, clients' options and futures trading, securities lending, mortgage lending, pledged asset lending, our role as a counterparty in financial contracts and investing activities, and indirectly from the investing activities of certain of the proprietary funds we sponsor.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation when clients purchase securities on margin, borrow on lines of credit collateralized by securities, or trade options or futures, we are subject to the risk that clients may default on their obligations when the value of the securities and cash in their accounts falls below the amount of clients' indebtedness. abrupt changes in securities valuations and the failure of clients to meet margin calls could result in substantial losses.
we have exposure to credit risk associated with our investments. those investments are subject to price fluctuations. loss of value of securities can negatively affect earnings if management determines that such loss of value has resulted from a credit loss. the evaluation of whether a credit loss exists is a matter of judgment, which includes the assessment of multiple factors. if management determines that a security's decline in fair value is the result of a credit loss, an allowance for credit losses on the security will be recorded and a corresponding loss will be recognized in current earnings. even if a decline in fair value of a security is not determined to have resulted from a credit loss, if we were ever forced to sell the security sooner than intended prior to maturity due to liquidity needs, we would have to recognize any unrealized losses at that time.
our bank loans primarily consist of first mortgages, helocs, and pals. increases in delinquency and default rates, housing and stock price declines, increases in the unemployment rate, and other economic factors can result in increases in allowances for credit losses and related credit loss expense, as well as write downs on such loans.
on january 1, 2020, the company adopted accounting standards update (asu) 2016-13, "financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments", which requires estimation of expected lifetime credit losses, rather than incurred losses only, as was previously required. for more information on this adoption, see part ii - item 8 - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 2.
heightened credit exposures to specific counterparties or instruments can increase our risk of loss. examples include:
•   large positions in financial instruments collateralized by assets with similar economic characteristics or in securities of a single issuer or industry;
•   mortgage loans and helocs to banking clients which are secured by properties in the same geographic region; and
•   client margins, options or futures, pledged assets, and securities lending activities collateralized by or linked to securities of a single issuer, index, or industry.
we sponsor a number of proprietary money market mutual funds and other proprietary funds. although we have no obligation to do so, we may decide for competitive or other reasons to provide credit, liquidity or other support to our funds in the event of significant declines in valuation of fund holdings or significant redemption activity that exceeds available liquidity. such support could cause us to take significant charges, could reduce our liquidity and, in certain situations, could, with respect to proprietary funds other than money market mutual funds, result in us having to consolidate one or more funds in our financial statements. if we choose not to provide credit, liquidity or other support in such a situation, schwab could suffer reputational damage and its business could be adversely affected.
we are subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings and may not be successful in defending against claims or proceedings.
the financial services industry faces significant litigation and regulatory risks. we are subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, some of which include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. we are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.
litigation and arbitration claims include those brought by our clients and the clients of third party advisors whose assets are custodied at schwab. claims from clients of third party advisors may allege losses due to investment decisions made by the third party advisors or the advisors' misconduct. litigation claims also include claims from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights (e.g., patents). such litigation can require the expenditure of significant company resources. if we were found to have infringed on a third-party patent, or other intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial damages, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from using certain technology, or providing certain products or services.
actions brought against us may result in settlements, awards, injunctions, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, including reputational harm. even if we are successful in defending against these actions, the defense of such matters may
-  -
the charles schwab corporation result in us incurring significant expenses. a substantial judgment, settlement, fine, or penalty could be material to our operating results or cash flows for a particular future period, depending on our results for that period. in market downturns and periods of heightened volatility, the volume of legal claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services companies have historically increased.
we rely on outsourced service providers to perform key functions.
we rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. these service providers face technology, operating, business, and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause us to incur losses and could harm schwab's reputation. an interruption in or the cessation of service by any external service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties or for any other reason, and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a timely manner could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in financial losses to us. switching to an alternative service provider may require a transition period and result in less efficient operations.
potential strategic transactions could have a negative impact on our financial position.
we evaluate potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, acquisitions, and dispositions. any such transaction could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. the process of evaluating, negotiating, and effecting any such strategic transaction may divert management's attention from other business concerns, and might cause the loss of key clients, employees, and business partners. moreover, integrating businesses and systems may result in unforeseen expenditures as well as numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate operational, financial, and management information systems and management controls, integrate relationships with clients and business partners, and manage facilities and employees in different geographic areas. in addition, an acquisition may cause us to assume liabilities or become subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings. further, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from an acquisition (including without limitation the pending acquisitions of td ameritrade and assets of usaa-imco), and any future acquisition could be dilutive to our current stockholders' percentage ownership or to earnings per common share (eps).
our acquisitions and dispositions are typically subject to closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the absence of material adverse changes in the business, operations or financial condition of the entity being acquired or sold. to the extent we enter into an agreement to buy or sell an entity, there can be no guarantee that the transaction will close when expected, or at all. if a material transaction does not close, our stock price could decline.
our industry is highly competitive and characterized by aggressive price competition.
we operate in a highly competitive environment with a broad array of competitors from large integrated banks to venture-capital backed private companies. we continually monitor our pricing in relation to competitors and periodically adjust interest rates on deposits and loans, fees for advisory services, expense ratios on mutual funds and etfs, trade commission rates, and other pricing and incentives to sustain our competitive position. increased price competition from other financial services firms to attract clients, such as reduced commissions, higher deposit rates, reduced mutual fund or etf expense ratios, or the increased use of incentives, could impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we face competition in hiring and retaining qualified employees.
the market for qualified personnel in our business is highly competitive. at various times, different functions and roles are in especially high demand in the market, compelling us to pay more to attract talent. our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain existing employees while managing compensation costs.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation our stock price has fluctuated historically, and may continue to fluctuate.
our stock price can be volatile. among the factors that may affect the volatility of our stock price are the following:
•   our exposure to changes in interest rates;
•   speculation in the investment community or the press about, or actual changes in, our competitive position, organizational structure, executive team, operations, financial condition, financial reporting and results, expense discipline, or strategic transactions;
•   the announcement of new products, services, acquisitions, or dispositions by us or our competitors;
•   increases or decreases in revenue or earnings, changes in earnings estimates by the investment community, and variations between estimated financial results and actual financial results; and
•   sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by large stockholders.
changes in the stock market generally, or as it concerns our industry, as well as geopolitical, corporate, regulatory, business, and economic factors may also affect our stock price.
future sales of csc's equity securities may adversely affect the market price of csc's common stock and result in dilution.
csc's certificate of incorporation authorizes csc's board of directors, among other things, to issue additional shares of common or preferred stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities, without stockholder approval.
csc may issue additional equity or convertible securities to raise additional capital or for other purposes. the issuance of any additional equity or convertible securities could be substantially dilutive to holders of csc's common stock and may adversely affect the market price of csc's common stock.
risks related to the proposed merger with td ameritrade completion of the merger is subject to many conditions and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the merger will not be completed.
the obligations of csc and td ameritrade to complete the merger are subject to satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver) of a number of conditions, including, among others:
•   the affirmative vote of (a) the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of td ameritrade common stock approving and adopting the merger agreement and (b) the holders (other than td bank, the significant td ameritrade stockholders and their respective affiliates) of a majority of the outstanding shares of td ameritrade common stock (other than shares of td ameritrade common stock held by td bank, the significant td ameritrade stockholders and their respective affiliates) approving and adopting the merger agreement;
•   the affirmative vote of (a) a majority of the votes cast by holders of outstanding shares of schwab common stock approving the share issuance and (b) the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of schwab common stock approving the schwab charter amendment;
•   expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period (or extension thereof) under the hsr act and certain governmental authorizations having been made or obtained and being in full force and effect;
•   receipt of noncontrol determinations from the federal reserve;
•   accuracy of the representations and warranties made in the merger agreement by the other party, subject to certain materiality thresholds;
•   performance in all material respects by the other party of the obligations required to be performed by it at or prior to completion of the merger; and
•   the absence since the date of the merger agreement of a material adverse effect on the other party.
there can be no assurance that the conditions to the closing of the merger will be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may not be completed. if the merger is not completed for any reason, the ongoing business of csc may be adversely affected and, without realizing the benefits of having completed the merger, we would be subject to a number of risks, including that we may receive negative reactions from our stockholders, employees, customers and regulators, and that the price of our common stock may decline to the extent that current market prices reflect a market assumption that the merger will be completed.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation as a condition to authorization of the merger, governmental authorities may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of our business after completion of the merger. such conditions or changes and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could, among other things, have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger, or otherwise adversely affecting our businesses and results of operations after completion of the merger.
also, if the merger agreement is terminated in certain circumstances, we may be required to pay a termination fee of $950 million to td ameritrade and we could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the merger or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the merger agreement.
in addition, the merger agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of our businesses prior to completion of the merger, and such restrictions, the waiver of which is subject to consent of td ameritrade, could prevent us from making certain acquisitions, taking certain other specified actions or otherwise pursuing business opportunities during the pendency of the merger that we would have made, taken or pursued if these restrictions were not in place.
csc and td ameritrade may also be subject to lawsuits challenging the merger, and adverse rulings in these lawsuits may delay or prevent the merger from being completed or require csc or td ameritrade to incur significant costs to defend or settle these lawsuits.
if any of these risks materialize, they may materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, financial results, ratings, and/or stock price.
schwab's business relationships may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the merger.
parties with which we do business may experience uncertainty associated with the merger, including with respect to current or future business relationships with schwab or the combined business. schwab's business relationships may be subject to disruption as parties with which schwab does business may attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than schwab or the combined business. these disruptions could have an adverse effect on the businesses, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the combined business, including an adverse effect on schwab's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger. the risk, and adverse effect, of such disruptions could be exacerbated by a delay in completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement.
after completion of the merger, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger, which could adversely affect the value of our stock.
the success of the merger will depend, in significant part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining the businesses of schwab and td ameritrade. our ability to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings is subject to certain risks. if schwab is not able to successfully combine the businesses of schwab and td ameritrade within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected, the combined business may not perform as expected and the value of schwab common stock may be adversely affected.
schwab and td ameritrade have operated and, until completion of the merger, will continue to operate, independently, and there can be no assurances that their businesses can be integrated successfully. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key schwab or td ameritrade employees, the loss of clients, the disruption of either company's or both companies' ongoing businesses or in unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated.
in addition, at times the attention of certain members of either company's or both companies' management and resources may be focused on completion of the merger and the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt each company's ongoing business and the business of the combined company.
schwab will incur significant transaction and merger-related costs in connection with the merger.
we expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the merger and combining the operations of the two
-  -
the charles schwab corporation companies. some of these costs have already been incurred or may be incurred regardless of whether the merger is completed. schwab also will incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans with respect to the two companies, including facilities and systems consolidation costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the merger and the integration of the two companies' businesses. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.
schwab and td ameritrade may have difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining executives and other employees in light of the merger.
uncertainty about the effect of the merger on schwab and td ameritrade employees may impair schwab's and td ameritrade's ability to attract, retain and motivate personnel prior to and following the merger. employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the merger, as employees of schwab and td ameritrade may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined business. in addition, pursuant to change-in-control provisions in their respective employment agreements or term sheets with td ameritrade, certain employees of td ameritrade are entitled to receive severance payments upon a constructive termination of employment. such td ameritrade employees potentially could terminate their employment following specified circumstances set forth in their employment agreements or term sheets, including certain changes in such employees' position, compensation or benefits and collect severance. such circumstances could occur in connection with the merger as a result of changes in roles and responsibilities. if employees of schwab or td ameritrade depart, the integration of the companies may be more difficult and the combined business following the merger may be harmed. furthermore, schwab may have to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent relating to the businesses of schwab or td ameritrade, and schwab's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger may be adversely affected. in addition, there could be disruptions to or distractions for the workforce and management associated with integrating employees into schwab.
the merger may not be accretive to schwab's earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of schwab common stock following completion of the merger.
in connection with the completion of the merger, schwab expects to issue approximately 586 million schwab common shares. the issuance of new schwab common shares could have the effect of depressing the market price of schwab common shares.
based on the anticipated synergies between schwab and td ameritrade, the merger is expected to be accretive to schwab's earnings per share in the third year following completion of the merger. however, future events and conditions could reduce or delay the accretion that is currently projected or result in the merger being dilutive to schwab's earnings per share, including adverse changes in market conditions, additional transaction and integration related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the benefits anticipated in the merger. any dilution of, reduction in, or delay of any accretion to, schwab's earnings per share could cause the price of shares of schwab common stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate.
if our pending merger with td ameritrade is completed, our stockholders' ownership percentage will be diluted.
if the proposed merger is completed, we will issue to td ameritrade stockholders shares of our common stock. as a result of the issuance of these shares of our common stock, our stockholders will own a smaller percentage of the combined company after the merger and will therefore have a reduced voting interest. in addition, td bank will become our largest stockholder.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements in addition to historical information, this annual report on form 10-k contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. forward-looking statements are identified by words such as "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "will," "may," "estimate," "appear," "could," "would," "expand", "maintain," and other similar expressions. in addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.
these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's beliefs, objectives, and expectations as of the date hereof, are estimates based on the best judgment of schwab's senior management. these statements relate to, among other things:
•   the acquisition of td ameritrade; the acquisition of assets of usaa-imco, the related funding, and entering into a referral agreement; and the expected closing dates of the acquisitions (see business acquisitions in part i, item 1; overview and capital management in part ii, item 7; commitments and contingencies in part ii, item 8 - notes to consolidated financial statements (item 8) - note 14);
•   maximizing our market valuation and stockholder returns over time; our belief that developing trusted relationships will translate into more client assets which drives revenue and, along with expense discipline and thoughtful capital management, generates earnings growth and builds stockholder value; and maintaining our market position (see business strategy and competitive environment and products and services in part i, item 1);
•   the impact of pricing reductions on our value proposition, competitive positioning and long-term growth in client assets and accounts (see sources of net revenues in part i, item i; overview in part ii, item 7);
•   the impact of legal proceedings and regulatory matters (see legal proceedings in part i, item 3 and commitments and contingencies in part ii, item 8 - note 14);
•   commitment to balancing long-term profitability with reinvesting for growth; business growth; meaningful capital returns; and intent to return excess capital above our long-term operating objective of 6.75% - 7.00% (see overview in part ii, item 7);
•   the adjustment of rates paid on client-related liabilities; client cash sorting; reducing exposure to lower rates; and the duration difference between liabilities and assets (see net interest revenue in part ii, item 7);
•   capital expenditures (see total expenses excluding interest in part ii, item 7);
•   the phase-out of the use of libor (see expected phase-out of libor in part ii, item 7);
•   sources of liquidity, capital, and level of dividends (see liquidity risk in part ii, item 7);
•   capital ratios (see regulatory capital requirements in part ii, item 7);
•   the expected impact of new accounting standards not yet adopted (see summary of significant accounting policies in part ii, item 8 - note 2); and
•   the likelihood of indemnification and guarantee payment obligations (see commitments and contingencies in part ii, item 8 - note 14).
achievement of the expressed beliefs, objectives and expectations described in these statements is subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expressed beliefs, objectives, and expectations. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k or, in the case of documents incorporated by reference, as of the date of those documents.
important factors that may cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to:
•   the timing and the ability of us and td ameritrade to satisfy the closing conditions in the merger agreement, including stockholder and regulatory approvals;
•   the timing and the ability of us and usaa-imco to satisfy the closing conditions in the purchase agreement, including regulatory approvals and the implementation of conversion plans;
•   the timing and extent to which we realize expected revenue, expense and other synergies from our acquisitions;
•   general market conditions, including the level of interest rates, equity valuations, and trading activity;
•   our ability to attract and retain clients, develop trusted relationships, and grow client assets;
•   client use of our advisory solutions and other products and services;
•   the level of client assets, including cash balances;
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
•   competitive pressure on pricing, including deposit rates;
•   client sensitivity to rates;
•   regulatory guidance;
•   capital and liquidity needs and management;
•   our ability to manage expenses;
•   our ability to develop and launch new and enhanced products, services, and capabilities, as well as implement infrastructure, in a timely and successful manner;
•   the effect of pricing reductions on client acquisition, retention and asset levels, including cash balances;
•   the company's ability to monetize client assets;
•   the timing of campus expansion work and technology projects;
•   adverse developments in litigation or regulatory matters and any related charges;
•   potential breaches of contractual terms for which we have indemnification and guarantee obligations; and
•   client cash sorting and net equity sales.
certain of these factors, as well as general risk factors affecting the company, are discussed in greater detail in risk factors in part i, item 1a.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
glossary of terms active brokerage accounts: brokerage accounts with activity within the preceding 270 days.
accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci): a component of stockholders' equity which includes unrealized gains and losses on available for sale (afs) securities and net gains or losses associated with pension obligations.
asset-backed securities: debt securities backed by financial assets such as loans or receivables.
assets receiving ongoing advisory services: market value of all client assets custodied at the company under the guidance of an independent advisor or enrolled in one of schwab's advice solutions at the end of the reporting period.
basel iii: global regulatory standards on bank capital adequacy and liquidity issued by the basel committee on banking supervision.
basis point: one basis point equals 1/100th of 1%, or 0.01%.
client assets: the market value, as of the end of the reporting period, of all client assets in our custody and proprietary products, which includes both cash and securities. average client assets are the daily average client asset balance for the reporting period.
client cash as a percentage of client assets: calculated as the value, at the end of the reporting period, of all proprietary money market fund balances, bank deposits, schwab one® balances, and certain cash equivalents divided by client assets.
common equity tier 1 (cet1) capital: the sum of common stock and related surplus net of treasury stock, retained earnings, aoci and qualifying minority interests, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. see current regulatory environment and other developments for information on recently issued rules that will impact schwab's regulatory capital requirements.
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio: the ratio of cet1 capital to total risk-weighted assets as of the end of the period.
core net new client assets: net new client assets before significant one-time inflows or outflows, such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $10 billion) relating to a specific client. these flows may span multiple reporting periods.
customer protection rule: refers to rule 15c3-3 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
daily average revenue trades (darts): total revenue trades during a certain period, divided by the number of trading days in that period. revenue trades include all client trades that generate trading revenue (i.e., commission revenue or principal transaction revenue).
daily average trades (dats): includes daily average revenue trades by clients, trades by clients in asset-based pricing relationships, and all commission-free trades.
debt to total capital ratio: calculated as total debt divided by stockholders' equity and total debt.
delinquency roll rates: the rates at which loans transition through delinquency stages, ultimately resulting in a loss. schwab considers a loan to be delinquent if it is 30 days or more past due.
dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank): regulatory reform legislation containing numerous provisions which expanded prudential regulation of large financial services companies.
duration: duration is typically used to measure the expected change in value of a financial instrument for a 1% change in interest rates, expressed in years.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
final regulatory capital rules: refers to the regulatory capital rules issued by u.s. banking agencies which implemented basel iii and relevant provisions of dodd-frank, which apply to savings and loan holding companies, as well as federal savings banks.
first mortgages: refers to first lien residential real estate mortgage loans.
full-time equivalent employees: represents the total number of hours worked divided by a 40-hour work week for the following categories: full-time, part-time and temporary employees and persons employed on a contract basis.
high quality liquid assets (hqla): hqla is defined by the federal reserve, but includes assets with low market- and credit risk that are actively traded and readily convertible to cash in times of stress.
interest-bearing liabilities: includes bank deposits, payables to brokerage clients, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt on which schwab pays interest.
interest-earning assets: includes cash and cash equivalents, cash and investments segregated, broker-related receivables, receivables from brokerage clients, investment securities, and bank loans on which schwab earns interest.
investment grade: defined as a rating equivalent to a moody's investors service (moody's) rating of "baa" or higher, or a standard & poor's rating group (standard & poor's) or fitch ratings, ltd (fitch) rating of "bbb-" or higher.
liquidity coverage ratio (lcr): the ratio of hqla to projected net cash outflows during a 30-day stress scenario.
loan-to-value (ltv) ratio: calculated as the principal amount of a loan divided by the value of the collateral securing the loan.
margin loans: advances made to brokerage clients on a secured basis to purchase or carry securities reflected in receivables from brokerage clients on the consolidated balance sheets.
master netting arrangement: an agreement between two counterparties that have multiple contracts with each other that provides for net settlement of all contracts through a single cash payment in the event of default or termination of any one contract.
mortgage-backed securities: a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or group of mortgages.
net interest margin: net interest revenue (annualized for interim periods) divided by average interest-earning assets.
net new client assets: total inflows of client cash and securities to schwab less client outflows. inflows include dividends and interest; outflows include commissions and fees. capital gains distributions are excluded.
net stable funding ratio (nsfr): measures an organization's "available" amount of stable funding relative to its "required" amount of stable funding over a one-year time horizon.
new brokerage accounts: all brokerage accounts opened during the period, as well as any accounts added via acquisition.
nonperforming assets: the total of nonaccrual loans and other real estate owned.
order flow revenue: net compensation received from markets and firms to which cs&co sends equity and options orders. the amount reflects rebates received for certain types of orders, less fees paid for orders where exchange fees or other charges apply.
pledged asset line® (pal): a non-purpose revolving line of credit from csb secured by eligible assets held in a separate pledged brokerage account maintained at cs&co.
return on average common stockholders' equity: calculated as net income available to common stockholders (annualized for interim periods) divided by average common stockholders' equity.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
risk-weighted assets: computed by assigning specific risk-weightings to assets and off-balance sheet instruments for capital adequacy calculations.
tier 1 capital: the sum of cet1 capital and additional tier 1 capital instruments and related surplus, less applicable adjustments and deductions.
tier 1 leverage ratio: end-of-period tier 1 capital divided by adjusted average total consolidated assets for the quarter.
trading days: days in which the markets/exchanges are open for the buying and selling of securities. early market closures are counted as half-days.
u.s. federal banking agencies: refers to the federal reserve, the occ, the fdic, and the cfpb.
uniform net capital rule: refers to rule 15c3-1 under the securities exchange act of 1934, which specifies minimum capital requirements that are intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers at all times.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
overview management focuses on several client activity and financial metrics in evaluating schwab's financial position and operating performance. we believe that metrics relating to net new and total client assets, as well as client cash levels and utilization of advisory services, offer perspective on our business momentum and client engagement. data on new and total client brokerage accounts provides additional perspective on our ability to attract and retain new business. total net revenue growth, pre-tax profit margin, eps, return on average common stockholders' equity, and the consolidated tier 1 leverage ratio provide broad indicators of schwab's overall financial health, operating efficiency, and ability to generate acceptable returns. total expenses, excluding interest, as a percentage of average client assets, is a measure of operating efficiency. results for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017 are as follows:
growth rate 1-year 2018-2019                  2019                  2018                  2017
client metrics net new client assets (in billions) (1)                                                          66%            $222.8                $133.9                $233.1
core net new client assets (in billions)                                                        (7)%            $211.7                $227.8                $198.6
client assets (in billions, at year end)                                                         24%          $4,038.8              $3,252.2              $3,361.8
average client assets (in billions)                                                               8%          $3,682.0              $3,409.6              $3,060.2
new brokerage accounts (in thousands)                                                           (1)%             1,568                 1,576                 1,441
active brokerage accounts (in thousands, at year end)                                             6%            12,333                11,593                10,755
assets receiving ongoing advisory services (in billions, at year end)                            23%          $2,106.8              $1,708.5              $1,699.8
client cash as a percentage of client assets (at year end)                                                        11.3   %              12.8   %              10.8   %
company financial metrics total net revenues                                                                                6%           $10,721               $10,132                $8,618
total expenses excluding interest                                                                 5%             5,873                 5,570                 4,968
income before taxes on income                                                                     6%             4,848                 4,562                 3,650
taxes on income                                                                                   8%             1,144                 1,055                 1,296
net income                                                                                        6%            $3,704                $3,507                $2,354
preferred stock dividends and other                                                                -               178                   178                   174
net income available to common stockholders                                                       6%            $3,526                $3,329                $2,180
earnings per common share - diluted                                                               9%             $2.67                 $2.45                 $1.61
net revenue growth from prior year                                                                                   6   %                18   %                15   %
pre-tax profit margin                                                                                             45.2   %              45.0   %              42.4   %
return on average common stockholders' equity                                                                       19   %                19   %                15   %
expenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets                                              0.16   %              0.16   %              0.16   %
consolidated tier 1 leverage ratio (at year end)                                                                   7.3   %               7.1   %               7.6   %
(1) 2019 and 2017 include inflows of $11.1 billion and $34.5 billion, respectively, from certain mutual fund clearing services clients. 2018 includes outflows of $93.9 billion from certain mutual fund clearing services clients.
2019 compared to 2018
schwab delivered solid financial results in 2019 while taking significant steps to further enhance our offer to clients and help position the company to build value for our stakeholders over the long-term. throughout the year, investor sentiment reflected a complex market environment that included global trade negotiations and an uncertain domestic economic outlook. the federal reserve ended up cutting the federal funds target interest rate three times, in a reversal of the increases seen in 2018. at the same time, stocks continued to rise, with the s&p 500 increasing 29% during the year. core net new assets totaled $211.7 billion for the year, representing an organic growth rate of 7% and our second consecutive year over $200 billion. clients opened 1.6 million new brokerage accounts in 2019, while active brokerage accounts grew 6% to 12.3 million. our success in asset gathering combined with strong market returns drove total client assets to reach $4.04 trillion at december 31, 2019, closing the year up 24%.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
company actions to benefit clients and build long-term value during 2019 included the elimination of online trading commissions for u.s. and canadian-listed stocks and etfs, as well as the base charge on options, which became effective october 7th. the company also announced two significant acquisitions during the year. in july, the company agreed to acquire assets of usaa-imco and agreed to enter into a long-term referral agreement. in late november, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire td ameritrade.
against the backdrop of the more challenging than expected macroeconomic environment and our own pricing decisions, schwab's net income totaled $3.7 billion in 2019, an increase of $197 million, or 6%. diluted earnings per common share grew to $2.67, representing an increase of 9% from 2018.
total net revenues reached $10.7 billion, up 6% in 2019. net interest revenue increased 12% in 2019 to $6.5 billion, driven by higher average investment yields and also by an increase in client cash balances held at our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries. while trading revenue declined 19% to $617 million due to our pricing actions, asset management and administration fees remained essentially flat with 2018 at $3.2 billion, decreasing 1%. growing enrollment in advice solutions, along with rising balances in other third-party mutual funds, helped to largely offset declines in mutual fund onesource® and lower sweep money market fund revenue due to transfers of sweep money market funds to our balance sheet in 2018 and early 2019.
total expenses excluding interest increased 5% in 2019 to $5.9 billion, which included $62 million in severance charges associated with a 3% reduction in our workforce and $25 million in costs relating to the announced acquisitions of assets of usaa-imco and td ameritrade. our ongoing focus on driving efficiency while managing our spending in a disciplined manner helped us maintain a ratio of expenses to client assets of 16 bps for 2019. reflecting our commitment to balancing long-term profitability with reinvesting for growth, we achieved a 45.2% pre-tax profit margin and a 19% return on equity in 2019, representing our second consecutive year of at least 45% and 19%, respectively.
disciplined balance sheet management remains core to our strategy as we continue to support business growth and meaningful capital returns across a range of conditions. in early 2019, the board of directors raised the quarterly cash dividend 31% to $0.17 per share and authorized the repurchase of up to $4.0 billion of common stock; during 2019 we repurchased 55 million shares for $2.2 billion under this authorization. as of december 31, 2019, our balance sheet assets were $294 billion, down 1% from a year ago; our tier 1 leverage ratio was 7.3% at year-end. as the company continues to grow both organically and through our pending acquisitions, our intent to return excess capital above our long-term operating objective of 6.75%-7.00% remains in place.
planned acquisitions td ameritrade: on november 25, 2019, csc announced a definitive agreement to acquire td ameritrade in an all-stock transaction. at the time of announcement, td ameritrade had approximately twelve million brokerage accounts and $1.3 trillion in total client assets. under the agreement, td ameritrade stockholders will receive 1.0837 csc shares for each td ameritrade share. based on the closing price of csc common stock on november 20, 2019, the merger consideration represented approximately $26 billion. the company anticipates this transaction will add scale to help support the company's ongoing efforts to enhance the client experience, provide deeper resources for rias, and continue to improve our operating efficiency. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2020, subject to satisfaction of closing conditions. under certain circumstances, csc or td ameritrade could be required to pay the other party a termination fee of $950 million or reimburse the other party's fees up to $50 million.
assets of usaa-imco: on july 25, 2019, the company announced a definitive agreement to acquire assets of usaa-imco, including over one million brokerage and managed portfolio accounts with approximately $90 billion in client assets at the time of announcement, for $1.8 billion in cash. the companies have also agreed to enter into a long-term referral agreement, effective at closing of the acquisition, which would make schwab the exclusive wealth management and brokerage provider for usaa members. the transaction is expected to close in mid-2020, subject to satisfaction of closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the implementation of conversion plans.
the company expects to recognize significant amounts of goodwill and amortizable intangible assets as part of the planned acquisitions.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
2018 compared to 2017
net income increased by $1.2 billion, or 49%, in 2018, driven primarily by business momentum, a supportive economic environment for much of the year, and lower corporate tax rates. continued execution of our 'through clients' eyes' strategy helped us succeed with clients. in 2018, clients opened 1.6 million new brokerage accounts, helping bring active brokerage accounts to 11.6 million at the end of the year, and core net new assets totaled $227.8 billion, up 15% from the 2017 total. our strong net new assets largely offset lower market valuations, and we ended 2018 at $3.25 trillion in total client assets.
total net revenue grew by $1.5 billion, or 18%, in 2018 primarily due to an increase of $1.5 billion, or 36%, in net interest revenue. the fed raised the federal funds target interest rate four times in 2018 for a total of 100 basis points. the growth of total net revenue resulted from higher interest rates due to the fed's rate increases, and also from higher interest-earning assets, which reflect both client cash allocations and the transfer of sweep money market funds to bank and broker-dealer sweep. as we progressed with these transfers, the corresponding money market fund asset management and administration fee revenue naturally declined, yet positive inflows in advice solutions, schwab equity and bond funds and etfs, and other third-party mutual funds and etfs kept asset management fees at $3.2 billion, limiting the decrease to 5% from 2017. record trading activity from our clients resulted in trading revenue reaching $763 million, an increase of 17% from the prior year.
our increase in total expenses excluding interest of $602 million, or 12%, reflected our 2018 investments to support and fuel our business growth, including hiring additional client-facing and other employees and technology project spending, as well as an increase in marketing and a special stock award of $36 million to our employees. even with these increases, expenses as a percentage of client assets remained consistent at 16 basis points, and pre-tax income increased 25% to $4.6 billion in 2018, resulting in a pre-tax profit margin of 45.0%. as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the tax act), taxes on income decreased 19% in 2018, resulting in an effective tax rate of 23.1%. overall, we generated a 19% return on equity and diluted eps of $2.45 for the year.
during 2018, the board of directors raised the quarterly cash dividend 63% to $0.13 per share and authorized a $1.0 billion share repurchase program, which we completed during the fourth quarter of 2018. these actions reflected the company's strong financial performance and our confidence in its long-term success; they also demonstrated that effective capital management at schwab can support both healthy business growth and more meaningful capital returns to stockholders.
subsequent events in october 2019, the federal reserve issued a final enhanced prudential standards rule, and the federal reserve, occ, and the fdic jointly issued a final regulatory capital and liquidity rule. with total consolidated assets of $294.0 billion at december 31, 2019, csc is designated as a category iii firm pursuant to the framework established by the final rules. accordingly, the company opted to exclude aoci from its regulatory capital as permitted by the regulatory capital and liquidity rule beginning january 1, 2020. in accordance with asc 320, investments - debt and equity securities (asc 320) and as of january 1, 2020, the company transferred all of its investment securities designated as held to maturity (htm) to the afs category without tainting our intent to hold other debt securities to maturity. at the date of transfer, these securities had a total amortized cost of $134.7 billion and a total net unrealized gain of $1.4 billion.
current regulatory environment and other developments in december 2019, the fdic issued a proposed rule that would modernize its brokered deposits regulations. among other things, the proposed rule would clarify the "primary purpose" exception from the definition of a deposit broker for securities broker-dealers such as cs&co that place deposits through brokerage sweep arrangements under certain conditions. in addition, the proposed rule would create a streamlined application process for obtaining a primary purpose exception where less than 25 percent of a broker-dealer's customer assets are placed with a depository institution. schwab is currently evaluating the impact of the proposed rule on its bank sweep program.
in january 2020, the occ and the fdic published their jointly proposed revisions to the regulations implementing the cra. the proposed regulations (i) clarify and expand what qualifies for cra credit; (ii) expand where cra activity counts; (iii) provide an objective method to measure cra activity; and (iv) revise data collection, recordkeeping, and reporting. the
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
federal reserve did not join the occ and the fdic in the proposed regulations. the comment period for the proposed regulations ends on march 9, 2020. schwab is currently evaluating the impact of the proposed regulations.
in may 2016, the federal reserve, the occ and the fdic jointly issued a notice of proposed rulemaking that would impose a minimum nsfr on certain banking organizations, including csc. the comment period for the proposed rule ended on august 5, 2016 and the impact to the company cannot be assessed until the final rule is released. the agencies indicated in the october 2019 interagency regulatory capital and liquidity rule their intention to utilize the four category tiering framework when the nsfr rule is adopted.
results of operations total net revenues total net revenues of $10.7 billion and $10.1 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, represented growth of 6% and 18% from the prior periods, primarily due to increases in net interest revenue.
year ended december 31,                                                                                 2019                               2018                               2017
growth rate               amount          % of               amount          % of               amount          % of
2018-2019                          total net                          total net                          total net revenues                           revenues                           revenues net interest revenue interest revenue                                               13   %              $7,580          71      %          $6,680          66      %          $4,624          54      %
interest expense                                               24   %              (1,064    )    (10     )%            (857    )     (9     )%            (342    )     (4     )%
net interest revenue                                           12   %               6,516          61      %           5,823          57      %           4,282          50      %
asset management and administration fees mutual funds, etfs, and collective trust funds (ctfs) (1)      (5   )%              1,747          16      %           1,837          18      %           2,088          24      %
advice solutions                                                5   %               1,198          11      %           1,139                  %           1,043                  %
other (1)                                                       5   %                 266           3      %             253           3      %             261           3      %
asset management and administration fees                       (1   )%              3,211          30      %           3,229          32      %           3,392          39      %
trading revenue commissions                                                   (20   )%                549           5      %             685           7      %             600           7      %
principal transactions                                        (13   )%                 68           1      %              78           1      %              54           1      %
trading revenue                                               (19   )%                617           6      %             763           8      %             654           8      %
other                                                          19   %                 377           3      %             317           3      %             290           3      %
total net revenues                                              6   %             $10,721         100      %         $10,132         100      %          $8,618         100      %
(1) beginning in 2019, a change was made to move ctfs from other asset management and administration fees. prior periods have been recast to reflect this change.
net interest revenue schwab's primary interest-earning assets include cash and cash equivalents; cash and investments segregated; margin loans, which constitute the majority of receivables from brokerage clients; investment securities; and bank loans. revenue on interest-earning assets is affected by various factors, such as the composition of assets, prevailing interest rates and spreads at the time of origination or purchase, changes in interest rates on floating rate securities and loans, and changes in prepayment levels for mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and loans. fees earned on securities borrowing and lending activities, which are conducted by cs&co using assets held in client brokerage accounts, are primarily included in other interest revenue and expense.
schwab's interest-bearing liabilities include bank deposits, payables to brokerage clients, short-term borrowings (e.g., federal home loan bank (fhlb) advances), and long-term debt. non-interest-bearing funding sources include stockholders' equity, certain client cash balances, and other miscellaneous liabilities.
we establish the rates paid on client-related liabilities, and management expects that it will generally adjust the rates paid on these liabilities at some fraction of any movement in short-term rates. schwab deploys the funds from these sources into the
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
assets outlined above. we do not use short-term, wholesale borrowings to support our long-term investment activity, but may use such funding, including fhlb advances, for short-term liquidity purposes or to provide temporary funding (e.g., for investment purchases) ahead of anticipated balance sheet deposit growth.
in order to keep interest-rate sensitivity within established limits, management actively monitors and adjusts interest-rate sensitivity through changes in the balance sheet, primarily by adjusting the composition of our banking subsidiaries' investment portfolios. as schwab builds its client base, we attract new client sweep cash, which is a primary driver of funding balance sheet growth.
towards the end of 2018, the federal funds target interest rate increased to levels not seen in over a decade, leading us to expect some clients would shift more of their cash holdings from brokerage deposits swept to our banking subsidiaries to higher-yielding alternatives like purchased money market funds. we therefore expected brokerage deposits swept to our banking subsidiaries, excluding organic growth, to decline during the first part of 2019. as a result, we held a higher amount of short-term liquidity at our banking subsidiaries at the end of 2018 to accommodate this potential client cash sorting.
while average interest rates throughout the year in 2019 were higher than average rates in 2018, interest rates across maturities declined from december 2018 to december 2019. lower interest rates typically result in longer durations on our client-related liabilities and shorter durations on our investment securities, especially mortgage-related securities with options to prepay without penalty. during 2019, to maintain our overall targeted interest rate risk profile, we began positioning our banking entities' investment portfolios to include a higher percentage of fixed-rate, longer duration investments to reduce our interest rate sensitivities which would naturally increase as market rates declined. we did, however, once again hold a higher level of short-term liquidity at the end of 2019 to accommodate a typical seasonal buildup of client cash, much of which then generally moves to other assets within a few months.
we believe that the process of clients sorting between transactional cash and cash held for investment is subsiding. aligned with market consensus, we do not expect to see a significant increase in market rates in the near term. over the course of 2020, we expect to further reduce our exposure to lower rates primarily by adding a larger percentage of fixed-rate securities with relatively longer duration to our ongoing purchases as a result of maturities, prepayments, organic deposit growth, on-boarding of usaa-imco client cash to our balance sheet, and any potential asset-liability-management-driven investment portfolio re-balancing. as such, we expect the duration difference between our liabilities and assets to decline over the course of 2020.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
the following table presents net interest revenue information corresponding to interest-earning assets and funding sources on the consolidated balance sheets:
year ended december 31,                                                                  2019                                                                2018                                                                2017
average             interest          average                average           interest revenue/          average                average           interest revenue/          average balance             revenue/           yield/                balance                     expense           yield/                balance                     expense           yield/
expense             rate                                                                rate                                                                rate interest-earning assets cash and cash equivalents                  $23,512                 $518            2.17     %           $17,783                     $348               1.93     %            $9,931                     $109               1.10     %
cash and investments segregated             15,694                  345            2.17     %            11,461                      206               1.78     %            18,525                      166               0.90     %
broker-related receivables                     376                    7            1.87     %               303                        6               2.09     %               430                        3               0.70     %
receivables from brokerage clients          19,270                  821            4.20     %            19,870                      830               4.12     %            16,269                      575               3.53     %
available for sale securities (1)           58,181                1,560            2.67     %            54,542                    1,241               2.26     %            53,040                      815               1.54     %
held to maturity securities                134,708                3,591            2.65     %           131,794                    3,348               2.53     %           103,599                    2,354               2.27     %
bank loans                                  16,832                  584            3.47     %            16,554                      559               3.37     %            15,919                      472               2.97     %
total interest-earning assets              268,573                7,426            2.75     %           252,307                    6,538               2.57     %           217,713                    4,494               2.06     %
other interest revenue                                              154                                                              142                                                                 130
total interest-earning assets             $268,573               $7,580            2.80     %          $252,307                   $6,680               2.63     %          $217,713                   $4,624               2.12     %
funding sources bank deposits                             $212,605                 $700            0.33     %          $199,139                     $545               0.27     %          $163,998                     $148               0.09     %
payables to brokerage clients               24,353                   79            0.33     %            21,178                       56               0.27     %            25,403                                        0.06     %
short-term borrowings (2)                                             -            2.36     %             3,359                       54               1.59     %             3,503                       41               1.17     %
long-term debt                               7,199                  258            3.58     %             5,423                      190               3.50     %             3,431                      119               3.47     %
total interest-bearing liabilities         244,174                1,037            0.42     %           229,099                      845               0.37     %           196,335                      324               0.17     %
non-interest-bearing funding sources        24,399                                                       23,208                                                              21,378
other interest expense                                               27                                                               12                                                                  18
total funding sources                     $268,573               $1,064            0.39     %          $252,307                     $857               0.34     %          $217,713                     $342               0.15     %
net interest revenue                                             $6,516            2.41     %                                     $5,823               2.29     %                                     $4,282               1.97     %
(1) amounts have been calculated based on amortized cost.
(2) interest revenue or expense was less than $500,000 in the period or periods presented.
net interest revenue increased $693 million or 12%, in 2019 from 2018, and $1.5 billion, or 36%, in 2018 from 2017, due to higher average investment yields and growth in interest earning assets.
our net interest margin improved 12 basis points to 2.41% in 2019, driven primarily by higher average yields received on interest-earning assets in 2019 due largely to the net impact of the federal reserve's interest rate increases in 2018 and decreases in the third and fourth quarters of 2019. the increase in average yields on interest-earning assets was partially offset by higher average interest rates paid on bank deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. the portfolio adjustments made in 2019 as described above helped to moderate the impact of the declining rate environment on our net interest margin.
average interest-earning assets grew 6% from 2018 to 2019, primarily driven by higher bank deposits due to transfers from sweep money market funds to bank sweep, as well as higher client cash balances.
our net interest margin improved 32 basis points to 2.29% in 2018, primarily as a result of the federal reserve's 2017 and 2018 interest rate increases, partially offset by higher interest rates paid on bank deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. average interest earning assets grew 16% from 2017 to 2018, primarily reflecting higher bank deposits due to transfers from sweep money market funds to bank sweep, as well as changes in client cash allocations, partially offset by client purchases of other assets. in march 2017, the company transferred $24.7 billion of debt securities from the afs category to the htm category. the transfer had no effect on the overall net interest margin. short-term borrowings in 2018 and 2017 primarily included fhlb advances, which were used to provide temporary funding for investments ahead of deposit growth.
- 35 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
asset management and administration fees asset management and administration fees include mutual fund, etf, and ctf service fees and fees for other asset-based financial services provided to individual and institutional clients. schwab earns mutual fund, etf, and ctf service fees for shareholder services, administration, and investment management provided to its proprietary funds, and recordkeeping and shareholder services provided to third-party funds. asset management and administration fees are based upon the daily balances of client assets invested in these funds and do not include securities lending revenues earned by proprietary mutual funds, etfs, and ctfs, as those amounts, net of program fees, are credited to the fund shareholders. proprietary ctfs may, but generally do not, directly participate in securities lending. the fair values of client assets included in proprietary and third-party mutual funds, etfs, and ctfs are based on quoted market prices and other observable market data.
we also earn asset management fees for advice solutions, which include managed portfolios, specialized strategies, and customized investment advice. other asset management and administration fees include various asset-based fees such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, mutual fund clearing fees, and non-balance based service and transaction fees.
asset management and administration fees vary with changes in the balances of client assets due to market fluctuations and client activity.
the following table presents asset management and administration fees, average client assets, and average fee yields:
year ended december 31,                                                                                           2019   2018                                                        2017
average              revenue          average               average              revenue          average               average              revenue          average client                                   fee                client                                   fee                client                                   fee assets                                                      assets                                                      assets schwab money market funds before fee                               $173,558                 $525            0.30     %         $141,018                 $568            0.40     %         $160,735                 $875            0.54     %
waivers fee waivers                                                                                    -                                                           -                                                         (10    )
schwab money market funds                                           173,558                  525            0.30     %          141,018                  568            0.40     %          160,735                  865            0.54     %
schwab equity and bond funds, etfs, and ctfs (1)                    267,213                  298            0.11     %          222,830                  302            0.14     %          172,809                  266            0.15     %
mutual fund onesource® and other non- transaction fee funds         191,552                  606            0.32     %          210,429                  680            0.32     %          215,333                  706            0.33     %
other third-party mutual funds and etfs (2)                         478,037                  318            0.07     %          328,150                  287            0.09     %          286,111                  251            0.09     %
total mutual funds, etfs, and ctfs (1,3)                         $1,110,360                1,747            0.16     %         $902,427                1,837            0.20     %         $834,988                2,088            0.25     %
advice solutions (3)
fee-based                                                          $246,888                1,198            0.49     %         $227,790                1,139            0.50     %         $203,794                1,043            0.51     %
non-fee-based                                                        70,191                    -               -                 62,813                    -               -                 48,936                    -               -
total advice solutions                                             $317,079                1,198            0.38     %         $290,603                1,139            0.39     %         $252,730                1,043            0.41     %
other balance-based fees (1,4)                                      432,613                  216            0.05     %          383,050                  206            0.05     %          403,474                  215            0.05     %
other (5)                                                                                     50                                                          47                                                          46
total asset management and administration                                                 $3,211                                                      $3,229                                                      $3,392
fees
(1) beginning in the first quarter of 2019, a change was made to move ctfs from other balance-based fees. prior periods have been recast to reflect this change.
(2) beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, schwab etf onesourcetm was discontinued as a result of the elimination of online trading commissions for u.s. and canadian-listed etfs.
(3) average client assets for advice solutions may also include the asset balances contained in the mutual fund and/or etf categories listed above.
(4) includes various asset-related fees, such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, and mutual fund clearing fees and other service fees.
(5) includes miscellaneous service and transaction fees relating to mutual funds and etfs that are not balance-based.
asset management and administration fees decreased by $18 million, or 1%, in 2019 from 2018, primarily due to lower sweep money market fund revenue as a result of transfers to bank and broker-dealer sweep in 2018 and early 2019, as well as client asset allocation choices including continued reduced usage of mutual fund onesource®. part of the decline was offset by revenue from growing asset balances in purchased money market funds, other third-party mutual funds and etfs, and in advice solutions.
asset management and administration fees decreased by $163 million, or 5%, in 2018 from 2017, primarily due to lower money market fund revenue as a result of transfers to bank sweep, client asset allocation choices, and lower fee rates on
- 36 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
proprietary money funds and other indexed mutual funds and etfs due to fee reductions implemented by the company in 2017. part of the decline was offset by revenue from growing asset balances in advice solutions, schwab equity and bond funds, etfs, and ctfs, and other third-party mutual funds and etfs.
the following table presents a roll forward of client assets for the schwab money market funds, schwab equity and bond funds, etfs, and ctfs, and mutual fund onesource® and other non-transaction fee (ntf) funds. the following funds generated 45%, 48%, and 54% of the asset management and administration fees earned during 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively:
schwab money                                                      schwab equity and                                                 mutual fund onesource®
market funds                                         bond funds, etfs, and ctfs (1)                                                    and other ntf funds year ended december 31,                   2019                  2018                  2017                  2019                   2018                    2017                    2019                   2018                    2017
balance at beginning of period                   $153,472              $163,650              $163,495              $209,471                $196,784                $138,524               $180,532                $225,202                $198,924
net inflows (outflows)                             44,077               (11,641   )              (486   )            26,039                  31,169                  31,127                (19,930    )            (37,513    )            (27,485    )
net market gains (losses) and other (2)             3,277                 1,463       641                            50,765                 (18,482    )             27,133                 41,466                  (7,157    )             53,763
balance at end of period                         $200,826              $153,472              $163,650              $286,275                $209,471                $196,784               $202,068                $180,532                $225,202
(1) beginning in the first quarter of 2019, ctfs are included in these balances. prior periods have been recast to reflect this change.
(2) includes net inflows from other third-party mutual funds to mutual fund onesource® in the second quarter of 2017.
trading revenue trading revenue includes commission and principal transaction revenues. commission revenue is affected by the number of revenue trades executed and the average revenue earned per revenue trade. principal transaction revenue is primarily comprised of revenue from trading activity in fixed income securities with clients. to accommodate clients' fixed income trading activity, schwab maintains positions in fixed income securities, including u.s. state and municipal debt obligations, u.s. government and corporate debt, and other securities. the difference between the price at which the company buys and sells securities to and from its clients and other broker-dealers is recognized as principal transaction revenue. principal transaction revenue also includes adjustments to the fair value of these securities positions.
the following table presents trading revenue and the related drivers:
year ended december 31,                   growth rate               2019          2018          2017
2018-2019
darts (in thousands)                      (20           )%         338.4         420.9         321.3
daily average trades (in thousands)       (2            )%         748.9         765.4         608.8
number of trading days                    -                        250.5         249.5         250.0
daily average revenue per revenue trade   -                        $7.26         $7.23         $8.20
trading revenue                           (19           )%          $617          $763          $654
trading revenue decreased by $146 million, or 19%, in 2019 compared to 2018. the decrease was primarily due to a 20% decrease in dart volumes in 2019 as a result of the elimination of online trading commissions for u.s. and canadian-listed stocks and etfs, as well as the base charge on options effective october 7, 2019.
trading revenue increased by $109 million, or 17%, in 2018 compared to 2017. this increase was due primarily to a 31% increase in dart volumes in 2018, which more than offset schwab's 2017 commission pricing reductions to lower standard equity, etf, and option trade commissions from $8.95 to $4.95 and lower the per contract option fee from $.75 to $.65.
other revenue other revenue includes order flow revenue, other service fees, software fees from our portfolio management solutions, exchange processing fees, and non-recurring gains. other revenue increased $60 million, or 19%, in 2019 compared to 2018 due primarily to a gain from the sale of a portfolio management and reporting software solution for advisors to tamarac inc. in the second quarter of 2019 and a gain from the assignment of leased office space in the first quarter of 2019. order flow revenue was $135 million during 2019, $139 million for 2018, and $114 million in 2017. the increase in 2018 from 2017 was primarily due to higher rebate rates received on certain types of orders and higher volume of trades.
- 37 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
total expenses excluding interest the following table shows a comparison of total expenses excluding interest:
growth rate 2018-2019                2019                2018                2017
compensation and benefits salaries and wages                                       16   %                   $1,958              $1,692              $1,496
incentive compensation                                   (6   )%                     804                 855                 797
employee benefits and other                               9   %                      558                 510                 444
total compensation and benefits                           9   %                   $3,320              $3,057              $2,737
professional services                                     7   %                      702                 654                 580
occupancy and equipment                                  13   %                      559                 496                 436
advertising and market development                       (2   )%                     307                 313                 268
communications                                            5   %                      253                 242                 231
depreciation and amortization                            14   %                      349                 306                 269
regulatory fees and assessments                         (35   )%                     122                 189                 179
other                                                   (17   )%                     261                 313                 268
total expenses excluding interest                         5   %                   $5,873              $5,570              $4,968
expenses as a percentage of total net revenues compensation and benefits                                                             31   %              30   %              32   %
advertising and market development                                                     3   %               3   %               3   %
full-time equivalent employees (in thousands)
at year end                                               1   %                     19.7                19.5                17.6
average                                                   7   %                     20.0                18.7                16.9
໿
expenses excluding interest increased in 2019 and 2018 from the prior years by 5% and 12%, respectively. the largest driver of the increase in both years was compensation and benefits costs.
total compensation and benefits increased in 2019 from 2018, primarily due to both an overall increase in employee headcount to support our expanding client base and higher severance costs, which included $62 million associated with a 3% reduction in our workforce in the third quarter of 2019. the increase in 2018 from 2017 was primarily due to increases in employee headcount; additionally, special stock awards were issued in 2018 to non-officer employees, totaling $36 million.
professional services expense increased in 2019 from 2018, primarily due to overall growth in the business, investments in projects to further drive efficiency and scale, and certain costs relating to pending acquisitions. the increase in 2018 from 2017 was primarily due to higher spending on technology projects as well as an increase in asset management and administration related expenses resulting from growth in the schwab funds® and schwab etfstm.
occupancy and equipment expense increased in 2019 and 2018 from the prior years, primarily due to increases in software maintenance expenses and additional licenses to support growth in the business.
advertising and market development expense increased in 2018 from 2017, primarily reflecting management's decision to increase television advertising and digital media spending in the fourth quarter of 2018.
depreciation and amortization expenses grew in 2019 and 2018 from the prior years, primarily due to higher amortization of internally developed software associated with continued investments in software and technology enhancements.
regulatory fees and assessments decreased in 2019 from 2018, primarily due to a decrease in fdic insurance assessments resulting from the elimination of the fdic surcharge in the fourth quarter of 2018. regulatory fees and assessments
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
increased in 2018 from 2017, due to an increase in fdic insurance assessments which rose as a result of higher average assets in deposit balances, partially offset by the elimination of the fdic surcharge.
other expenses decreased in 2019 from 2018, primarily due to lower travel and entertainment expense and bad debt expense. other expenses increased in 2018 from 2017 due to travel and entertainment and miscellaneous items due to overall growth in the business.
capital expenditures were $753 million, $576 million, and $412 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. the increases in capital expenditures in 2019 and 2018 from the prior years were primarily due to the expansion of our campuses in the u.s., with investments in buildings totaling $397 million and $253 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. capitalized costs for developing internal-use software totaled $165 million, $167 million, and $157 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
our capital expenditures for 2019 equaled 7% of total net revenues, within our estimated range for the year. along with continued campus expansion, we will continue to invest further in technology projects in 2020. excluding any potential impact of the pending acquisition of td ameritrade, we anticipate capital expenditures in 2020 to be approximately 5-6% of total net revenues, while our longer term expectation for capital expenditures remains in the range of 3-5% of total net revenues.
taxes on income on december 22, 2017, p.l.115-97, the tax act, was signed into law, and became effective on january 1, 2018. among other things, the tax act lowered the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning in 2018. as a result of the tax act, schwab recognized a $46 million one-time non-cash charge to taxes on income in the fourth quarter of 2017 associated with the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets and other tax adjustments related to the tax act.
schwab's effective income tax rate on income before taxes was 23.6% in 2019, 23.1% in 2018, and 35.5% in 2017. the change in rates in 2019 from 2018 was primarily due to a decrease in equity compensation tax deduction benefits which reduced our tax expense by approximately $23 million and $46 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. the change in rates in 2018 from 2017 was primarily due to impacts of the tax act and a decrease in equity compensation tax deduction benefits, which totaled $87 million in 2017.
segment information schwab provides financial services to individuals and institutional clients through two segments - investor services and advisor services. the investor services segment provides retail brokerage and banking services to individual investors, and retirement plan services, as well as other corporate brokerage services to businesses and their employees. the advisor services segment provides custodial, trading, banking, and support services, as well as retirement business services, to independent rias, independent retirement advisors, and recordkeepers. revenues and expenses are attributed to the two segments based on which segment services the client. management evaluates the performance of the segments on a pre-tax basis. segment assets and liabilities are not used for evaluating segment performance or in deciding how to allocate resources to segments. net revenues in both segments are generated from the underlying client assets and trading activity; differences in the composition of net revenues between the segments are based on the composition of client assets, client trading frequency, and pricing unique to each. while both segments leverage the scale and efficiency of our platforms, segment expenses reflect the dynamics of serving millions of clients in investor services versus the thousands of rias on the advisor platform.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
financial information for our segments is presented in the following table:
investor services                                                                advisor services                                                                           total growth rate                2019                2018                2017         growth rate                2019                2018                2017         growth rate                2019                2018                2017
2018-2019                                                                       2018-2019                                                                       2018-2019
year ended december 31, net revenues net interest revenue                              8   %              $4,685              $4,341              $3,231              24   %              $1,831              $1,482              $1,051              12       %          $6,516              $5,823              $4,282
asset management and                              1   %               2,289               2,260               2,344              (5   )%                922                 969               1,048              (1      )%           3,211               3,229               3,392
administration fees trading revenue                                 (20   )%                378                 475                 408             (17   )%                239                 288                 246             (19      )%             617                 763                 654
other                                            11   %                 271                 245                 217              47   %                 106                                                      19       %             377                 317                 290
total net revenues                                4   %               7,623               7,321               6,200              10   %               3,098               2,811               2,418               6       %          10,721              10,132               8,618
expenses excluding                                3   %               4,284               4,145               3,725              12   %               1,589               1,425               1,243               5       %           5,873               5,570               4,968
interest income before taxes                               5   %              $3,339              $3,176              $2,475               9   %              $1,509              $1,386              $1,175               6       %          $4,848              $4,562              $3,650
on income net new client assets (in billions) (1)         n/m                  $115.6               $19.4              $123.7              (6   )%             $107.2              $114.5              $109.4              66       %          $222.8              $133.9              $233.1
(1) investor services includes inflows of $11.1 billion and $34.5 billion in 2019 and 2017, respectively, and outflows of $93.9 billion in 2018 from certain mutual fund clearing services clients.
n/m not meaningful.
investor services total net revenues increased by 4% in 2019 from 2018 primarily due to an increase in net interest revenue and higher asset management and administrations fees, partially offset by lower trading revenue. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher average investment yields and higher interest-earning assets. asset management and administration fees increased primarily due to growing asset balances in advice solutions, partially offset by lower mutual fund and etf service fee revenue as a result of client cash allocation choices, including reduced usage of mutual fund onesource®. trading revenue decreased as a result of the elimination of online trading commissions for u.s. and canadian-listed stocks and etfs, as well as the base charge on options in the fourth quarter of 2019.
expenses excluding interest increased by 3% in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily as a result of higher compensation and benefits due to increased headcount in 2019 and severance charges in the third quarter of 2019, higher occupancy and equipment expenses due to an increase in software maintenance expenses and additional licenses to support growth in the business, and higher amortization of internally developed software associated with continued investments in software and technology enhancements. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in fdic insurance assessments due to the elimination of the fdic surcharge in the fourth quarter of 2018 and lower travel and entertainment expenses.
total net revenues increased by $1.1 billion, or 18%, in 2018 from 2017 primarily due to an increase in net interest revenue, partially offset by lower asset management and administration fees. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher net interest margins and higher balances of interest-earning assets. asset management and administration fees decreased primarily due to lower money market fund revenue as a result of transfers to bank sweep, client asset allocation choices, and our 2017 fee reductions. expenses excluding interest increased by $420 million, or 11%, in 2018 from 2017 primarily due to higher compensation and benefits, technology project spend, and asset management and administration related expenses to support the company's expanding client base.
advisor services total net revenues increased by 10%, in 2019 from 2018 primarily due to an increase in net interest revenue and other revenue, partially offset by lower asset management and administration fees and lower trading revenue. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher average investment yields and higher interest-earning assets. other revenue increased primarily due to a gain from the sale of a portfolio management and reporting software solution for advisors to tamarac inc. in the second quarter of 2019. asset management and administration fees decreased primarily due to lower sweep money market fund revenue as a result of transfers to bank and broker-dealer sweep, as well as client asset allocation choices, including reduced usage of mutual fund onesource®, partially offset by increased revenue from growing asset balances in purchased money market funds and in other third-party mutual funds and etfs. trading revenue decreased as a result of the
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
elimination of online trading commissions for u.s. and canadian-listed stocks and etfs, as well as the base charge on options in the fourth quarter of 2019.
expenses excluding interest increased by 12% of 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to higher compensation and benefits due to increased headcount in 2019 and severance charges in the third quarter of 2019, higher professional services expense due to overall growth in the business and investments in projects to further drive efficiency and scale, and higher occupancy and equipment expense due to an increase in software maintenance expenses and additional licenses to support growth in the business. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in fdic insurance assessments due to the elimination of the fdic surcharge in the fourth quarter of 2018, lower bad debt expenses, and lower travel and entertainment expenses.
total net revenues increased by $393 million or 16%, in 2018 from 2017 primarily due to an increase in net interest revenue, partially offset by lower asset management and administration fees. net interest revenue increased primarily due to higher net interest margins and higher balances of interest-earning assets. asset management and administration fees decreased primarily due to lower money market fund revenue as a result of transfers to bank sweep, client asset allocation choices, and our 2017 fee reductions. expenses excluding interest increased by $182 million, or 15%, in 2018 from 2017 primarily due to higher compensation and benefits, technology project spend, and asset management and administration related expenses to support the company's expanding client base.
risk management schwab's business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, credit, market, liquidity, and compliance risks. the company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. despite our efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that schwab will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks.
our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation controls; we use periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. the activities and governance that comprise the risk management process are described below.
culture the board of directors has approved an enterprise risk management (erm) framework that incorporates our purpose, vision, and values, which form the bedrock of our corporate culture and set the tone for the organization.
we designed the erm framework to enable a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered by schwab in its business activities. the framework incorporates key concepts commensurate with the size, risk profile, complexity, and continuing growth of the company. risk appetite, which is defined as the amount of risk the company is willing to accept in pursuit of its corporate strategy, is developed by executive management and approved by the board of directors.
risk governance senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures under which specific business and control units are responsible for identifying, measuring, and controlling risks.
the global risk committee, which is comprised of senior executives from each major business and control function, is responsible for the oversight of risk management. this includes identifying emerging risks, assessing risk management practices and the control environment, reinforcing business accountability for risk management, supervisory controls and regulatory compliance, supporting resource prioritization across the organization, and escalating significant issues to the board of directors.
we have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. the risk metrics, with risk limits and tolerance levels, are established for key risk categories by the global risk committee and its functional risk sub-committees.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
the chief risk officer regularly reports activities of the global risk committee to the risk committee of the board of directors. the board risk committee in turn assists the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to our risk management program, including approving risk appetite statements and related key risk appetite metrics and reviewing reports relating to risk issues from functional areas of corporate risk management, legal, compliance, and internal audit.
functional risk sub-committees focusing on specific areas of risk report to the global risk committee. these sub-committees include the:
•   operational risk oversight committee - provides oversight of and approves operational risk management policies, risk tolerance levels, and operational risk governance processes, and includes sub-committees covering information security, fraud, third-party risk, data, and model governance;
•   compliance risk committee - provides oversight of compliance risk management programs and policies providing an aggregate view of compliance risk exposure and employee conduct, including subcommittees covering fiduciary and conflicts of interest risk and international compliance risk;
•   financial risk oversight committee - provides oversight of and approves credit, market, liquidity, and capital risk policies, limits, and exposures; and
•   new products and services risk oversight committee - provides oversight of, and approves corporate policy and procedures relating to, the risk governance of new products and services.
senior management has also created an incentive compensation risk oversight committee, which establishes policy and reviews and approves the annual risk assessment of incentive compensation plans, and reports directly to the compensation committee of the board of directors.
the company's compliance, finance, internal audit, legal, and corporate risk management departments assist management and the various risk committees in evaluating, testing, and monitoring risk management.
in addition, the disclosure committee is responsible for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal quarter. the disclosure committee reports on this evaluation to the ceo and cfo prior to their certification required by sections 302 and 906 of the sarbanes oxley act of 2002.
operational risk operational risk arises due to potential inadequacies or failures related to people, internal processes, and systems, or from external events or relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and third parties. while operational risk is inherent in all business activities, we rely on a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. we have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and use control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. where appropriate, we manage the impact of operational loss and litigation expense through the purchase of insurance. the insurance program is specifically designed to address our key operational risks and to maintain compliance with local laws and regulation.
schwab's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. to the extent schwab experiences business or system interruptions, errors or downtime (which could result from a variety of causes, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, technological failure, cyber attacks, changes to systems, linkages with third-party systems, and power failures), our business and operations could be negatively impacted. to minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident regardless of duration, schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans and a well-established incident management program.
information security risk is the risk of unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, recording or destruction of the firm's information or systems. we have designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls and technologies to protect systems, client accounts and data. we continuously
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement and other financial institutions to address potential threats. we use advanced monitoring systems to identify suspicious activity and deter unauthorized access by internal or external actors. we limit the number of employees who have access to clients' personal information and internal authentication measures are enforced to protect against the potential for social engineering. all employees who handle sensitive information are trained in privacy and security. schwab's conduct and cybersecurity teams monitor activity looking for suspicious behavior. these capabilities allow us to identify and quickly act on any attempted intrusions.
fraud risk arises from attempted or actual theft of financial assets or other property of any client or the company. schwab is committed to protecting the company's and its clients' assets from fraud, and complying with all applicable laws and regulations to prevent, detect and report fraudulent activity. schwab manages fraud risk through policies, procedures and controls. we also take affirmative steps to prevent and detect fraud and report, to appropriate authorities, any known or suspected acts of fraud in accordance with existing laws and requirements.
schwab also faces operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. we manage the exposure to third party risk and promote a culture of resiliency through contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third party performance, and appropriate testing. we also maintain policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with all data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. we clearly define for employees, contractors, and third parties the expected standards of care for critical and confidential data. we also provide regular training on data security.
model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. models are owned by several business units throughout the organization, and are used for a variety of purposes. model use includes, but is not limited to, calculating capital requirements for hypothetical stressful environments, estimating interest and credit risk for loans and other balance sheet assets, and providing guidance in the management of client portfolios. we have established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. all models are registered in a centralized database and classified into different risk ratings depending on their potential financial, reputational, or regulatory impact to the company. the model risk rating determines the scope of model governance activities.
incentive compensation risk is the potential for adverse consequences resulting from compensation plans that do not balance the execution of our strategy with risk and financial rewards, potentially encouraging imprudent risk-taking by employees. we have implemented risk management processes, including a policy, to identify, evaluate, assess, and manage risks associated with incentive compensation plans and the activities of certain employees, defined as covered employees, who have the authority to expose the company to material amounts of risk.
compliance risk schwab faces compliance risk which is the potential exposure to legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. among other things, compliance risks relate to the suitability of client investments, conflicts of interest, disclosure obligations and performance expectations for products and services, supervision of employees, and the adequacy of our controls. the company and its affiliates are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and foreign regulatory authorities, including sros.
we manage compliance risk through policies, procedures and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. these procedures address issues such as conduct and ethics, sales and trading practices, marketing and communications, extension of credit, client funds and securities, books and records, anti-money laundering, client privacy, and employment policies.
conduct risk arises from inappropriate, unethical, or unlawful behavior of the company, its employees or third parties acting on the company's behalf that may result in detriment to the company's clients, financial markets, the company, and/or the company's employees. we manage this risk through a policy, procedures, a system of internal controls, including personnel monitoring and surveillance. conduct-related matters are escalated through appropriate channels by the corporate responsibility officer.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
fiduciary risk is the potential for financial or reputational loss through breach of fiduciary duties to a client. fiduciary activities include, but are not limited to, individual and institutional trust, investment management, custody, and cash and securities processing. we manage this risk by establishing policy and procedures to ensure that obligations to clients are discharged faithfully and in compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. business units have the primary responsibility for adherence to the policy and procedures applicable to their business. guidance and control are provided through the creation, approval, and ongoing review of applicable policies by business units and various risk committees.
credit risk credit risk is the potential for loss due to a borrower, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform its contractual obligations. our exposure to credit risk mainly results from investing activities in our liquidity and investment portfolios, mortgage lending, margin lending and client option and futures activities, pledged asset lending, securities lending activities, and our role as a counterparty in other financial contracts. to manage the risks of such losses, we have established policies and procedures, which include setting and reviewing credit limits, monitoring of credit limits and quality of counterparties, and adjusting margin, pal, option, and futures requirements for certain securities and instruments.
liquidity and investment portfolios schwab has exposure to credit risk associated with its investment portfolios, which include u.s. agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, u.s. agency notes, u.s. treasury securities, certificates of deposit, u.s. state and municipal securities, commercial paper, and foreign government agency securities.
at december 31, 2019, substantially all securities in the investment portfolios were rated investment grade. u.s. agency mortgage-backed securities do not have explicit credit ratings; however, management considers these to be of the highest credit quality and rating given the guarantee of principal and interest by the u.s. government or u.s. government-sponsored enterprises.
mortgage lending portfolio the bank loan portfolio includes first mortgages, helocs, and other loans. the credit risk exposure related to loans is actively managed through individual loan and portfolio reviews. management regularly reviews asset quality, including concentrations, delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, charge-offs, and recoveries. all are factors in the determination of an appropriate allowance for loan losses.
our residential loan underwriting guidelines include maximum ltv ratios, cash out limits, and minimum fair isaac corporation (fico) credit scores. the specific guidelines are dependent on the individual characteristics of a loan (for example, whether the property is a primary or secondary residence, whether the loan is for investment property, whether the loan is for an initial purchase of a home or refinance of an existing home, and whether the loan size is conforming or jumbo).
schwab does not originate or purchase residential loans that allow for negative amortization and does not originate or purchase subprime loans (generally defined as extensions of credit to borrowers with a fico score of less than 620 at origination), unless the borrower has compensating credit factors. for more information on credit quality indicators relating to schwab's bank loans, see item 8 - note 6.
securities and instrument-based lending portfolios collateral arrangements relating to margin loans, pals, option and futures positions, securities lending agreements, and securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements) include provisions that require additional collateral in the event of market fluctuations. additionally, for margin loans, pals, options and futures positions, and securities lending agreements, collateral arrangements require that the fair value of such collateral sufficiently exceeds the credit exposure in order to maintain a fully secured position.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
other counterparty exposures schwab performs clearing services for all securities transactions in its client accounts. schwab has exposure to credit risk due to its obligation to settle transactions with clearing corporations, mutual funds, and other financial institutions even if schwab's clients or a counterparty fail to meet their obligations to schwab.
market risk market risk is the potential for changes in earnings or the value of financial instruments held by schwab as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, or market conditions. schwab is exposed to interest rate risk primarily from changes in market interest rates on our interest-earning assets relative to changes in the costs of funding sources that finance these assets.
to manage interest rate risk, we have established policies and procedures, which include setting limits on net interest revenue risk and economic value of equity risk. to remain within these limits, we manage the maturity, repricing, and cash flow characteristics of the investment portfolios. management monitors established guidelines to stay within the company's risk appetite.
our measurement of interest rate risk involves assumptions that are inherently uncertain and, as a result, cannot precisely estimate the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest revenue or economic value of equity. actual results may differ from simulated results due to balance growth or decline and the timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes, as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies, including changes in asset and liability mix. financial instruments are also subject to the risk that valuations will be negatively affected by changes in demand and the underlying market for a financial instrument.
we are indirectly exposed to option, futures, and equity market fluctuations in connection with client option and futures accounts, securities collateralizing margin loans to brokerage customers, and client securities loaned out as part of the brokerage securities lending activities. equity market valuations may also affect the level of brokerage client trading activity, margin borrowing, and overall client engagement with schwab. additionally, we earn mutual fund and etf service fees and asset management fees based upon daily balances of certain client assets. fluctuations in these client asset balances caused by changes in equity valuations directly impact the amount of fee revenue we earn.
our market risk related to financial instruments held for trading is not material.
net interest revenue simulation for our net interest revenue sensitivity analysis, we use net interest revenue simulation modeling techniques to evaluate and manage the effect of changing interest rates. the simulations include all interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities. key assumptions include the projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, repricing of financial instruments, and reinvestment of matured or paid-down securities and loans.
net interest revenue is affected by various factors, such as the distribution and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the spread between yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, which may reprice at different times or by different amounts, and the spread between short and long-term interest rates. interest-earning assets primarily include investment securities, margin loans and bank loans. these assets are sensitive to changes in interest rates and changes in prepayment levels that tend to increase in a declining rate environment and decrease in a rising rate environment. because we establish the rates paid on certain brokerage client cash balances and bank deposits and the rates charged on certain margin and bank loans, and control the composition of our investment securities, we have some ability to manage our net interest spread, depending on competitive factors and market conditions.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
net interest revenue sensitivity analysis assumes the asset and liability structure of the consolidated balance sheet would not be changed as a result of the simulated changes in interest rates. as we actively manage the consolidated balance sheet and interest rate exposure, in all likelihood we would take steps to manage additional interest rate exposure that could result from changes in the interest rate environment. the following table shows the simulated net interest revenue change over the next 12 months beginning december 31, 2019 and 2018 of a gradual 100 basis point increase or decrease in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates at the end of each reporting period:
december 31,                   2019   2018
increase of 100 basis points    4.8   %     4.4   %
decrease of 100 basis points   (7.4   )%   (4.9   )%
the year-over-year change in net interest revenue sensitivities reflects lower interest rates across the yield curve, producing higher adverse sensitivity to lower rates as funding costs more rapidly reach rate floor assumptions.
in addition to measuring the effect of a gradual 100 basis point parallel increase or decrease in current interest rates, we regularly simulate the effects of larger parallel- and non-parallel shifts in interest rates on net interest revenue.
economic value of equity simulation management also uses economic value of equity (eve) simulations to measure interest rate risk. eve sensitivity measures the long-term impact of interest rate changes on the net present value of assets and liabilities. eve is calculated by subjecting the balance sheet to hypothetical instantaneous shifts in the level of interest rates. this analysis is highly dependent upon asset and liability assumptions based on historical behaviors as well as our expectations of the economic environment. key assumptions in our eve calculation include projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, term structure models of interest rates, non-maturity deposit behavior, and pricing assumptions.
expected phase-out of libor the company has established a firm-wide team to address the likely discontinuation of libor. as part of our efforts, we have inventoried our libor exposures, the largest of which are certain investment securities and loans. in purchasing new investment securities, we ensure that appropriate fall-back language is in the security's prospectus in the event that libor is unavailable or deemed unreliable. we are updating loan agreements to ensure new libor-based loans adequately provide for an alternative to libor. furthermore, we plan to phase-out the use of libor as a reference rate in our new lending products before december 2021. consistent with our "through clients' eyes" strategy, our focus throughout the libor transition process is to ensure clients are treated fairly and consistently as this major change is occurring in the financial markets. the market transition process has not yet progressed to a point at which the impact to the company's consolidated financial statements of libor's discontinuation can be estimated.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the potential that schwab will be unable to sell assets or meet cash flow obligations when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses.
due to its role as a source of financial strength, csc's liquidity needs are primarily driven by the liquidity and capital needs of cs&co, the capital needs of the banking subsidiaries, principal and interest due on corporate debt, dividend payments on csc's preferred stock, and returns of capital to common stockholders. the liquidity needs of cs&co are primarily driven by client activity including trading and margin borrowing activities and capital expenditures. the capital needs of the banking subsidiaries are primarily driven by client deposits. we have established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies, while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. we seek to maintain client confidence in the balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow the company to meet its obligations. to this end, we have established limits and contingency funding scenarios to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
we employ a variety of methodologies to monitor and manage liquidity. we conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. liquidity is also tested at key subsidiaries and results are reported to the financial risk oversight committee. a number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify emerging liquidity stresses in the market or within the organization and are reviewed with management as appropriate.
primary funding sources schwab's primary source of funds is cash generated by client activity which includes bank deposits and cash balances in client brokerage accounts. these funds are used to purchase investment securities and extend loans to clients.
other sources of funds may include cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities, repayments on loans, securities lending of assets held in client brokerage accounts, repurchase agreements, and cash provided by external financing.
to meet daily funding needs, we maintain liquidity in the form of overnight cash deposits and short-term investments. for unanticipated liquidity needs, we also maintain a buffer of highly liquid investments, including u.s. treasury securities.
additional funding sources in addition to internal sources of liquidity, schwab has access to external funding. the need for short-term borrowings from external debt facilities arises primarily from timing differences between cash flow requirements, scheduled liquidation of interest-earning investments, movements of cash to meet regulatory brokerage client cash segregation requirements and general corporate purposes. we maintain policies and procedures necessary to access funding and test discount window borrowing procedures on a periodic basis.
the following table describes external debt facilities available at december 31, 2019:
description                                                            borrower               outstanding             available federal home loan bank secured credit facility (1)                     banking subsidiaries   $-                  $34,207
federal reserve discount window (2)                                    banking subsidiaries   -                     8,536
uncommitted, unsecured lines of credit with various external banks     csc, cs&amp;co         -                     1,642
unsecured commercial paper (3)                                         csc                    -                       750
committed, unsecured credit facility with various external banks (4)   csc                    -                       750
(1) amounts available are dependent on the amount of first mortgages, helocs, and the fair value of certain investment securities that are pledged as collateral.
(2) amounts available are dependent on the fair value of certain investment securities that are pledged as collateral.
(3) csc has authorization from its board of directors to issue commercial paper notes not to exceed $1.5 billion. management has set a current limit not to exceed the amount of the committed, unsecured credit facility.
(4) other than an overnight borrowing to test availability, this facility was unused during 2019.
our banking subsidiaries maintain secured credit facilities with the fhlb. amounts available under these facilities are dependent on the value of our first mortgages, helocs, and the fair value of certain of our investment securities that are pledged as collateral. these credit facilities are also available as backup financing in the event the outflow of client cash from the banking subsidiaries' respective balance sheets is greater than maturities and paydowns on investment securities and bank loans.
our banking subsidiaries also have access to short-term secured funding through the federal reserve discount window. amounts available under the federal reserve discount window are dependent on the fair value of certain investment securities that are pledged as collateral.
csc has a commercial paper program of which proceeds are used for general corporate purposes. the maturities of the commercial paper notes may vary, but are not to exceed 270 days from the date of issue. csc's ratings for these short-term borrowings were p1 by moody's, a1 by standard & poor's, and f1 by fitch at december 31, 2019 and 2018, and csc had no commercial paper notes outstanding at december 31, 2019 or 2018.
- 47 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
the financial covenants for the $750 million committed credit facility require cs&co to maintain a minimum net capital ratio, all bank subsidiaries to be well capitalized, and csc to maintain a minimum level of stockholders' equity, adjusted to exclude aoci. at december 31, 2019, the minimum level of stockholders' equity required under this facility was $16.0 billion (csc's stockholders' equity, excluding aoci, at december 31, 2019 was $21.7 billion). management believes these restrictions will not have a material effect on csc's ability to meet foreseeable dividend or funding requirements.
to partially satisfy the margin requirement of client option transactions with the options clearing corporation, cs&co has unsecured standby letter of credit agreements (locs) with several banks in favor of the options clearing corporation aggregating $20 million at december 31, 2019. there were no funds drawn under any of these locs during 2019 or 2018. in connection with its securities lending activities, the company is required to provide collateral to certain brokerage clients. the collateral requirements were satisfied by providing cash as collateral.
csc has a universal automatic shelf registration statement on file with the sec, which enables it to issue debt, equity, and other securities.
liquidity coverage ratio as schwab's consolidated balance sheet assets were above $250 billion at december 31, 2018, schwab became subject to the non-modified lcr rule on april 1, 2019. the company was in compliance with the lcr rule at december 31, 2019. see business - regulation in part i, item 1 for information on recently issued rules that impact schwab's lcr requirements.
the table below presents information about our average lcr:
average for the three months ended december 31, 2019
total eligible hqla                       $54,494
net cash outflows                         $48,135
lcr                                           113              %
borrowings the company had no short-term borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2019 or 2018. long-term debt outstanding was $7.4 billion and $6.9 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the following are details of the senior notes:
december 31, 2019   par outstanding         maturity        weighted-average   moody's   standard          fitch interest rate                &amp; poor's senior notes        $7,481                  2020 - 2029     3.34%              a2        a                 a
- 48 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
new debt issuances all debt issuances in 2019, 2018, and 2017 were senior unsecured obligations. additional details are as follows:
issuance date            issuance amount   maturity date       interest rate   interest payable march 2, 2017               $650                3/2/2027              3.200%   semi-annually december 7, 2017            $700               1/25/2028              3.200%   semi-annually december 7, 2017            $800               1/25/2023              2.650%   semi-annually may 22, 2018                $600               5/21/2021   three-month libor   quarterly
+ 0.32%
may 22, 2018                $600               5/21/2021              3.250%   semi-annually may 22, 2018                $750               5/21/2025              3.850%   semi-annually october 31, 2018            $500                2/1/2024              3.550%   semi-annually october 31, 2018            $600                2/1/2029              4.000%   semi-annually may 22, 2019                $600               5/22/2029              3.250%   semi-annually equity issuances and redemptions csc did not issue any equity through external offerings during 2019 or 2018. csc's preferred stock issued and net proceeds for 2017 are as follows:
date issued and sold   net proceeds series f   october 31, 2017       $492
on december 1, 2017, csc redeemed all of the 485,000 outstanding shares of its 6.00% non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series b (series b preferred stock), and the corresponding 19,400,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of the series b preferred stock.
for further discussion of csc's long-term debt and information on the equity offerings, see item 8 - note 12 and note 17.
acquisition of usaa-imco we expect to utilize cash generated from operations to fund the $1.8 billion purchase of assets from usaa-imco. the transaction is expected to close in mid-2020, subject to satisfaction of closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the implementation of conversion plans.
off-balance sheet arrangements schwab enters into various off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, primarily to meet the needs of our clients. these arrangements include firm commitments to extend credit. additionally, schwab enters into guarantees and other similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business. for information on each of these arrangements, see item 8 - note 6, note 10, note 12, note 14, and note 15.
- 49 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
contractual obligations schwab's principal contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 are shown in the following table. excluded from this table are liabilities recorded on the consolidated balance sheets that are generally short-term in nature or without contractual payment terms (e.g., bank deposits, payables to brokerage clients, and deferred compensation). the below table also excludes the planned all-stock acquisition of td ameritrade and any expenses related to the acquisition.
less than                 1-3                 3-5             more than               total
1 year               years               years               5 years credit-related financial instruments (1)      $3,033                $3,495              $4,549              $1,501               $12,578
long-term debt (2)                               947                 1,842               1,615               4,389                 8,793
purchase obligations (3)                       2,061                   225                  46                  44                 2,376
leases (4)                                       141                   236                 173                 268         818
total                                         $6,182                $5,798              $6,383              $6,202               $24,565
(1) represents csb's commitments to extend credit to banking clients, purchase mortgage loans, and commitments to fund cra investments.
(2) includes estimated future interest payments through 2029 for senior notes. amounts exclude unamortized discounts and premiums.
(3) consists of purchase obligations for services such as advertising and marketing, telecommunications, professional services, and hardware- and software-related agreements. also includes $1.8 billion for the planned acquisition of usaa-imco assets; other costs related to the usaa-imco acquisition are excluded. (see item 8 - note 14).
(4) represents operating lease payments including legally-binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced.
capital management schwab seeks to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support execution of our business strategy, including anticipated balance sheet growth, providing financial support to our subsidiaries, and sustained access to the capital markets, while at the same time meeting our regulatory capital requirements and serving as a source of financial strength to our banking subsidiaries. schwab's primary sources of capital are funds generated by the operations of subsidiaries and securities issuances by csc in the capital markets. to ensure that schwab has sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses or declines in asset values, we have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios. our capital management in coming quarters will incorporate preparations for closing the usaa-imco transaction, including the allocation of capital to support client cash that will be added to our balance sheet.
internal guidelines are set, for both csc and its regulated subsidiaries, to ensure capital levels are in line with our strategy and regulatory requirements. capital forecasts are reviewed monthly at asset-liability management and pricing committee and financial risk oversight committee meetings. a number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify potential problems that could impact capital. in addition, we monitor the subsidiaries' capital levels and requirements. subject to regulatory capital requirements and any required approvals, any excess capital held by subsidiaries is transferred to csc in the form of dividends and returns of capital. when subsidiaries have need of additional capital, funds are provided by csc as equity investments and also as subordinated loans (in a form approved as regulatory capital by regulators) for cs&co. the details and method used for each cash infusion are based on an analysis of the particular entity's needs and financing alternatives. the amounts and structure of infusions must take into consideration maintenance of regulatory capital requirements, debt/equity ratios, and equity double leverage ratios.
schwab conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events to which the company could be subjected. the objective of the capital stress testing is (1) to explore various potential outcomes - including rare and extreme events and (2) to assess impacts of potential stressful outcomes on both capital and liquidity. additionally, we have a comprehensive capital contingency plan to provide action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. the capital contingency plan is issued under the authority of the financial risk oversight committee and provides guidelines for sustained capital events. it does not specifically address every contingency, but is designed to provide a framework for responding to any capital stress. the results of the stress testing indicate there are two scenarios which could stress the company's capital: (1) inflows of balance sheet cash during a period of very low interest rates and (2) outflows of balance sheet cash when other sources of financing are not available and the company is required to sell assets to fund the flows at a loss. the capital contingency plan is reviewed annually and updated as appropriate.
- 50 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
for additional information, see business - regulation in part i, item 1.
regulatory capital requirements csc is subject to capital requirements set by the federal reserve and is required to serve as a source of strength for our banking subsidiaries and to provide financial assistance if our banking subsidiaries experience financial distress. schwab is required to maintain a tier 1 leverage ratio for csc of at least 4%; however, management seeks to maintain a ratio of at least 6%. due to the relatively low risk of our balance sheet assets and risk-based capital ratios at csc and csb that are well in excess of regulatory requirements, the tier 1 leverage ratio is the most restrictive capital constraint on csc's asset growth.
our banking subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements set by their regulators that are substantially similar to those imposed on csc by the federal reserve. our banking subsidiaries' failure to remain well capitalized could result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by the regulators that could have a direct material effect on the banks. schwab's principal banking subsidiary, csb, is required to maintain a tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5% to be well capitalized, but seeks to maintain a ratio of at least 6.25%. based on its regulatory capital ratios at december 31, 2019, csb is considered well capitalized.
the following table details the capital ratios for csc consolidated and csb:
december 31,                                                                                             2019 (1)                                    2018
csc                 csb                 csc                 csb total stockholders' equity                                                        $21,745             $14,832             $20,670             $15,615
less:
preferred stock                                                                     2,793                   -               2,793                   -
common equity tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments                        $18,952             $14,832             $17,877             $15,615
less:
goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                               $1,184                 $13              $1,188                 $13
other intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                   104                   -                 125                   -
deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances and deferred tax liabilities           4                   -                   3                   1
aoci adjustment (1)                                                                     -                   -                (252   )            (231   )
common equity tier 1 capital                                                      $17,660             $14,819             $16,813             $15,832
tier 1 capital                                                                    $20,453             $14,819             $19,606             $15,832
total capital                                                                      20,472              14,837              19,628              15,853
risk-weighted assets                                                               90,512              71,521              95,441              80,513
total leverage exposure (1)                                                       286,813             216,582                 n/a                 n/a common equity tier 1 capital/risk-weighted assets                                    19.5   %            20.7   %            17.6   %            19.7   %
tier 1 capital/risk-weighted assets                                                  22.6   %            20.7   %            20.5   %            19.7   %
total capital/risk-weighted assets                                                   22.6   %            20.7   %            20.6   %            19.7   %
tier 1 leverage ratio                                                                 7.3   %             7.1   %             7.1   %             7.2   %
supplementary leverage ratio (1)                                                      7.1   %             6.8   %             n/a                 n/a
(1) beginning in 2019, csc and csb were required to include all components of aoci in regulatory capital and report our supplementary leverage ratio, which is calculated as tier 1 capital divided by total leverage exposure. total leverage exposure includes all on-balance sheet assets and certain off-balance sheet exposures, including unused commitments. prior to 2019, csc and csb elected to opt-out of the requirement to include most components of aoci in common equity tier 1 capital; the amounts and ratios for december 31, 2018 are presented on this basis. in the interagency regulatory capital and liquidity rules adopted in october 2019, category iii banking organizations such as csc were given the ability to opt-out of the inclusion of aoci in regulatory capital, and csc made this opt-out election effective as of january 1, 2020. see business - regulation in part i, item 1 for additional information on recently issued rules that impact schwab's regulatory capital requirements.
n/a not applicable.
csb is also subject to regulatory requirements that restrict and govern the terms of affiliate transactions. in addition, csb is required to provide notice to, and may be required to obtain approval from, the occ and the federal reserve to declare dividends to csc.
- 51 -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
as a broker-dealer, cs&co is subject to regulatory requirements of the uniform net capital rule, which is intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers. these regulations prohibit cs&co from paying cash dividends, making unsecured advances and loans to the parent company and employees, and repaying subordinated borrowings from csc if such payment would result in a net capital amount below prescribed thresholds. at december 31, 2019, cs&co was in compliance with its net capital requirements.
in addition to the capital requirements above, schwab's subsidiaries are subject to other regulatory requirements intended to ensure financial soundness and liquidity. see item 8 - note 21 for additional information on the components of stockholders' equity and information on the capital requirements of significant subsidiaries.
dividends since the initial dividend in 1989, csc has paid 123 consecutive quarterly dividends and has increased the quarterly dividend rate 24 times, resulting in a 21% compounded annual growth rate, excluding the special cash dividend of $1.00 per common share in 2007. while the payment and amount of dividends are at the discretion of the board of directors, subject to certain regulatory and other restrictions, csc currently targets its common stock cash dividend at approximately 20% to 30% of net income.
the board of directors of the company declared quarterly cash dividend increases per common share during 2018 and 2019 as shown below:
date of declaration        quarterly cash increase per common share       % increase                new quarterly dividend per common share january 25, 2018                              $0.02                   25          %                                   $0.10
july 25, 2018                                  0.03                               %                                    0.13
january 30, 2019                               0.04                               %                                    0.17
in addition, on january 30, 2020, the board of directors of the company declared a one cent, or 6%, increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.18 per common share.
the following table details the csc cash dividends paid and per share amounts:
year ended december 31,                                       2019                                     2018
cash paid           per share            cash paid           per share amount                                   amount common stock                        $898               $0.68                 $623               $0.46
series a preferred stock (1)          28               70.00                   28               70.00
series c preferred stock (2)          36               60.00                   36               60.00
series d preferred stock (2)          45               59.52                   45               59.52
series e preferred stock (3)          28            4,625.00                   28            4,625.00
series f preferred stock (4)          25            5,000.00                   27            5,430.56
(1) dividends paid semi-annually until february 1, 2022 and quarterly thereafter.
(2) dividends paid quarterly.
(3) dividends paid semi-annually until march 1, 2022 and quarterly thereafter.
(4) dividends paid semi-annually beginning on june 1, 2018 until december 1, 2027, and quarterly thereafter.
share repurchases on january 30, 2019, csc publicly announced that its board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $4.0 billion of common stock. the authorization does not have an expiration date. during 2019, csc repurchased 55 million shares of its common stock for $2.2 billion, leaving $1.8 billion remaining on our existing authorization as of december 31, 2019.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
on october 25, 2018, csc publicly announced that its board of directors terminated the existing two share repurchase authorizations and replaced them with a new authorization to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of common stock. csc repurchased 22 million shares of its common stock for $1.0 billion in 2018, completing all repurchases under this authorization.
foreign exposure at december 31, 2019, schwab had exposure to non-sovereign financial and non-financial institutions in foreign countries, as well as agencies of foreign governments. at december 31, 2019, the fair value of these holdings totaled $6.4 billion, with the top three exposures being to issuers and counterparties domiciled in france at $3.1 billion, the netherlands at $845 million, and sweden at $684 million.
in addition to the direct holdings in foreign companies and securities issued by foreign government agencies, schwab had outstanding margin loans to foreign residents of $437 million at december 31, 2019.
fair value of financial instruments schwab uses the market approach to determine the fair value of certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, and to determine fair value disclosures. see item 8 - notes 2 and 16 for more information on our assets and liabilities recorded at fair value.
when available, schwab uses quoted prices in active markets to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. quoted prices for investments in exchange-traded securities represent end-of-day close prices published by exchanges. quoted prices for money market funds and other mutual funds represent reported net asset values. when utilizing market data and bid-ask spread, we use the price within the bid-ask spread that best represents fair value. when quoted prices in active markets do not exist, prices are obtained from independent third-party pricing services to measure the fair value of investment assets. we generally obtain prices from three independent pricing sources for assets recorded at fair value. our primary third-party pricing service provides prices for our fixed income investments such as commercial paper; certificates of deposits; u.s. government and agency securities; state and municipal securities; corporate debt securities; asset-backed securities; foreign government agency securities; and non-agency commercial mortgage-backed securities. such prices are based on observable trades, broker/dealer quotes, and discounted cash flows that incorporate observable information such as yields for similar types of securities (a benchmark interest rate plus observable spreads) and weighted-average maturity for the same or similar "to-be-issued" securities. we compare the prices obtained from the primary independent pricing service to the prices obtained from the additional independent pricing services to determine if the price obtained from the primary independent pricing service is reasonable. schwab does not adjust the prices received from independent third-party pricing services unless such prices are inconsistent with the definition of fair value and result in material differences in the amounts recorded. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we did not adjust prices received from the primary independent third-party pricing service.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements of schwab have been prepared in accordance with gaap. item 8 - note 2 contains more information on our significant accounting policies made in connection with its application of these accounting principles.
while the majority of the revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are not based on estimates, there are certain accounting principles that require management to make estimates regarding matters that are uncertain and susceptible to change where such change may result in a material adverse impact on schwab's financial position and reported financial results. these critical accounting estimates are described below. management regularly reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements for reasonableness and adequacy.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(tabular amounts in millions, except ratios, or as noted)
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors. additionally, management has reviewed with the audit committee the company's significant estimates discussed in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
income taxes schwab estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate, including federal, state and local domestic jurisdictions, and immaterial amounts owed to several foreign jurisdictions. the estimated income tax expense is reported in the consolidated statements of income in taxes on income. accrued taxes are reported in other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and represent the net estimated amount due to or to be received from taxing jurisdictions either currently or deferred to future periods. deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting purposes versus income tax reporting purposes. deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management's judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. uncertain tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. an uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit management believes is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. in estimating accrued taxes, we assess the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment considering statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance in the context of the tax position. because of the complexity of tax laws and regulations, interpretation can be difficult and subject to legal judgment given specific facts and circumstances.
changes in the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations being conducted by various taxing authorities, and newly enacted statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impacts the relative merits and risks of tax positions. these changes, when they occur, affect accrued taxes and can be significant to the operating results of the company. see item 8 - note 20 for more information on the company's income taxes.
legal and regulatory reserves reserves for legal and regulatory claims and proceedings reflect an estimate of probable losses for each matter, after considering, among other factors, the progress of the case, prior experience and the experience of others in similar cases, available defenses, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. in many cases, including most class action lawsuits, it is not possible to determine whether a loss will be incurred, or to estimate the range of that loss, until the matter is close to resolution, in which case no accrual is made until that time. reserves are adjusted as more information becomes available. significant judgment is required in making these estimates, and the actual cost of resolving a matter may ultimately differ materially from the amount reserved. see item 8 - note 14 for more information on the company's contingencies related to legal and regulatory reserves.
-  -
the charles schwab corporation
