item 1a. risk factors when evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. these risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. we may also be materially harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. if any of the following occurs, our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. in addition, the trading prices of our securities and those of our subsidiaries could substantially decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks. these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other detailed information concerning our company set forth in, or attached as an exhibit to, this annual report on form 10-k, including, without limitation, the information set forth in the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. md&a."
risks related to sempra energy sempra energy's cash flows, ability to pay dividends and ability to meet its debt obligations largely depend on the performance of its subsidiaries and entities that are accounted for as equity method investments, such as oncor holdings, and the ability to utilize the cash flows from those subsidiaries and equity method investments.
we are a holding company and substantially all our assets are owned by our subsidiaries and in entities accounted for as equity method investments, such as oncor holdings. our ability to pay dividends and to meet our debt and other obligations depends almost entirely on cash flows from our subsidiaries and equity method investments and, in the short term, our ability to raise capital from external sources. in the long term, cash flows from our subsidiaries and equity method investments depend on their ability to successfully execute their business strategies and generate positive cash flows. in addition, the subsidiaries and other entities accounted for as equity method investments are separate and distinct legal entities that are not obligated to pay dividends or make loans or distributions to us and could be precluded from paying any such dividends or making any such loans or distributions under certain circumstances, including, without limitation, as a result of legislation, regulation, court order, contractual restrictions or in times of financial distress. the inability to access capital from our subsidiaries and entities accounted for as equity method investments as well from the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition and prospects.
conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally may materially adversely affect us.
our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations.
limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, as well as our ability to meet contractual and other commitments. in difficult credit market environments, we may find it necessary to fund our operations and capital expenditures at a higher cost or we may be unable to raise as much funding as we need to support new or ongoing business activities. this could cause us to reduce non-safety related capital expenditures and could increase our cost of servicing debt, both of which could significantly reduce our short-term and long-term profitability.
other factors can affect the availability and cost of credit for our businesses as well as the terms of equity and debt financing, including:
▪   adverse changes to laws and regulations in the states and countries in which we operate
▪   the overall health of the energy industry
▪   volatility in natural gas or electricity prices
▪   credit ratings downgrades
▪   general economic and financial market conditions in addition, over the past several years, california ious have suffered from the potential catastrophic losses resulting from the impact of the multiple wildfires that spread through northern and southern california (the california wildfires). while the california wildfires occurred in counties outside of sdg&e's electric service territory, the uncertainty about the outcomes of these matters, the possibility of catastrophic wildfires in the future and the failure of the state of california to adequately address the financial and operational risks facing california ious could materially and adversely impact sempra energy's and the california utilities' ability to access the capital markets at rates that we believe are commercially reasonable.
we are subject to additional risk due to uncertainty relating to the calculation of libor and its potential discontinuance.
certain of our financial and commercial agreements, including variable rate indebtedness and credit facilities, as well as interest rate derivatives, incorporate libor as a benchmark for establishing certain rates. libor is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, including discontinuation or replacement. these reforms, if implemented, will cause this benchmark to perform differently than it has performed in the past or to be discontinued entirely or may have other consequences that cannot be predicted, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations or require us to seek to amend the terms of the relevant indebtedness or agreements, which may require significant additional time, effort and/or money in the form of consent payments or otherwise, and may not be possible on comparable terms or at all.
in an announcement on july 12, 2018, the financial conduct authority in the united kingdom, which regulates libor, emphasized the need for market participants to transition away from libor before the end of 2021. it appears likely that libor will be discontinued or replaced with a different benchmark rate by 2021. a number of alternatives to libor have been proposed or are being developed, but it is not clear which, if any, will be adopted at this time. any of these alternatives may result in interest payments that are higher than expected or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on such indebtedness for the interest periods if the applicable libor rate was available in its current form. more generally, any of the foregoing changes, any other changes to libor as a result of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform or other initiatives, or any further uncertainty surrounding the implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the cost of our variable rate indebtedness and/or borrowings, the effectiveness of our cash flow hedges and the cost of doing business under our commercial agreements that incorporate libor.
sempra energy has substantial investments in mexico and south america that expose us to foreign currency, inflation, legal, tax, economic, geopolitical and management oversight risk.
we have significant foreign operations in mexico and south america. our foreign operations pose complex management, foreign currency, inflation, legal, tax and economic risks. certain of these risks differ from and potentially may be greater than those associated with our domestic businesses. all our international businesses are sensitive to geo-political uncertainties and our non-utility international businesses are sensitive to changes in the priorities and budgets of international customers, all of which may be driven by changes in their environments and potentially volatile worldwide economic conditions, and various regional and local economic and political factors, risks and uncertainties, as well as u.s. foreign policy. foreign currency exchange and inflation rates and fluctuations in those rates may have an impact on our revenue, costs or cash flows from our international operations, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. our currency exposures are to the mexican, peruvian and chilean currencies. our mexican subsidiary, ienova, has u.s. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities that give rise to mexican currency exchange rate movements for mexican income tax purposes. they also have significant deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are denominated in the mexican peso and must be translated to u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. in addition, monetary assets and liabilities and certain nonmonetary assets and liabilities are adjusted for mexican inflation for mexican income tax purposes. our primary objective when we attempt to reduce foreign currency risk is to preserve the economic value of our foreign investments and to reduce earnings volatility that would otherwise occur due to exchange rate fluctuations. we may attempt to hedge material cross-currency transactions and earnings exposure through various means, including financial instruments and short-term investments. we generally do not hedge our deferred income tax assets and liabilities. because we do not hedge our net investments in foreign countries, we are susceptible to volatility in oci caused by exchange rate fluctuations, primarily related to our south american subsidiaries, whose functional currencies are not the u.s.
dollar. we discuss our foreign currency exposure at our mexican subsidiaries in "item 7. md&a" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the current u.s. administration has called for substantial changes to trade agreements. for example, in november 2018, president trump signed the usmca, which, if approved by the legislatures of the u.s., mexico and canada, would replace nafta. the u.s. and mexico approved the usmca in january 2020 and june 2019, respectively, but canada has yet to provide its approval. the u.s. administration has also implemented changes to u.s. immigration policy and other policies that could impact trade, including increasing tariffs. such actions could result in changes in the mexican, u.s. and other markets that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. in addition, if the u.s. withdraws from nafta, the mexican government could implement retaliatory actions, such as the imposition of restrictions or import fees on mexican imports of natural gas from the u.s. or imports and exports of electricity to and from the u.s. any of these actions by either or both governments could adversely affect imports and exports between mexico and the u.s. and negatively impact the u.s. and mexican economies and the companies with whom we conduct business in mexico, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or prospects.
we may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits from our plan to divest certain of our assets and businesses as part of our capital rotation plan.
in 2019, we completed the divestiture of all our u.s. solar and wind assets and certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. additionally, we entered into agreements to sell our south american businesses, which we expect to close in the first half of 2020, subject to a number of closing conditions. there can be no assurance that the pending sales will be completed. if we do not successfully manage our current capital rotation plan, any expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our results of operations and business could be materially adversely affected.
the tcja may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, the value of investments in our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
the tcja significantly changed the irc, including taxation of u.s. corporations by, among other things, reducing the u.s. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, limiting interest deductions, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, assessing a one-time deemed repatriation tax on cumulative undistributed earnings of u.s.-owned foreign entities at the time of enactment and introducing certain anti-base erosion provisions. while the u.s department of the treasury has issued final regulations for various sections of the irc, certain aspects of the legislation are still subject to interpretation and will require implementing regulations by the u.s. department of the treasury, as well as state tax authorities, which could lessen or increase adverse impacts. in addition, the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation may be subject to the discretion of the ferc and state public utility commissions.
although it is unclear when or how capital markets, the ferc or state public utility commissions may respond to the tcja, we expect that certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, will be negatively impacted as a result of an anticipated decrease in required income tax reimbursement payments to us from our domestic utility subsidiaries due to the decrease in the u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate. certain provisions of the tcja, such as 100% expensing of certain capital expenditures and impacts on utilization of our nols, may influence how we fund capital expenditures, the timing of capital expenditures and possible redeployment of capital through sales or monetization of assets, the timing of repatriation of foreign earnings and the use of equity financing to reduce our future use of debt, although there can be no assurance that these strategies will reduce any potential adverse impact from these provisions of the tcja. in addition, although the deductibility of our interest cost is not limited for the current year, future earnings may be affected based on our method of allocation across our businesses.
it is also uncertain whether additional avenues will evolve for companies to manage the adverse aspects of this legislation. we believe that these strategies, to the extent available and if successfully applied, could lessen any such negative impacts on us, although there can be no assurance in this regard.
we discuss the effects of the tcja further in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. md&a - results of operations."
our mandatory convertible preferred stock, as well as any additional equity securities we may sell to raise funds, may dilute the economic and voting interests of our common shareholders and may adversely affect the market value of our common stock.
in january 2018, we issued 17,250,000 shares of our series a preferred stock, and in july 2018, we issued 5,750,000 shares of our series b preferred stock, which are scheduled to convert into common stock on january 15, 2021 and july 15, 2021, respectively. we may seek to reduce our indebtedness with the proceeds from the issuance of additional shares of common stock and, possibly, other equity securities, which, together with the conversion of the series a preferred stock and series b preferred stock, may materially dilute the voting rights and economic interests of holders of our common stock and materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
our level of indebtedness may make it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts or take other actions, and we may need to divert cash to fund debt service payments or issue additional equity that may materially dilute the voting rights and economic interest of holders of our common stock.
our substantial debt service obligations due to our aggregate indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects by, among other things:
▪   making it more difficult and/or costly for us to service our debt or pay or refinance our debts as they become due, particularly during adverse economic or industry conditions;
▪   limiting our flexibility to pursue other strategic opportunities or react to changes in our business and the industry sectors in which we operate;
▪   requiring a substantial portion of our available cash to be used for debt service payments, including interest, thereby reducing the availability of our cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions, dividend payments and other general corporate purposes, which could hinder our prospects for growth and the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, among other things;
▪   requiring that additional materially adverse terms, conditions or covenants be placed on us under our debt instruments, which covenants might limit additional borrowings; and
▪   imposing specific restrictions on uses of our assets, as well as prohibiting or limiting our ability to create liens, pay dividends, receive distributions from our subsidiaries, redeem or repurchase our stock or make investments, any of which could hinder our access to capital markets and limit our ability to carry out our capital expenditure program.
we are committed to maintaining our credit ratings at investment grade. to maintain these credit ratings, we may reduce the amount of our outstanding indebtedness with the proceeds from the issuance of additional shares of common stock or other equity securities. additional equity issuances may dilute the voting rights and economic interests of holders of our common stock. there can be no assurance that we will be able to issue additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities with terms that we consider acceptable or at all, or that we will be able to reduce the amount of our outstanding indebtedness, should we elect to do so, to a level that allows us to maintain our investment grade credit ratings, which may have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
certain credit rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings or place those ratings on negative outlook.
credit rating agencies routinely evaluate sempra energy and the california utilities, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including the increased risk of wildfires in california, perceived supportiveness of the regulatory environment affecting utility operations, including delays and difficulties in obtaining recovery, or the denial of recovery, for wildfire-related costs, ability to generate cash flows, level of indebtedness, overall financial strength, including credit metrics, diversification beyond the regulated utility business (in the case of sempra energy), and the status of certain capital projects, as well as other factors beyond our control, such as the state of the economy and our industry generally. downgrades and factors causing downgrades of one or both of the california utilities can have a material impact on sempra energy's credit ratings. downgrades, as well as the factors causing such downgrades, of sempra energy's credit ratings could imply diminished credit support available to our subsidiaries. accordingly, downgrades of sempra energy's credit ratings can also have a material impact on the credit ratings of our subsidiaries, including the california utilities.
while the current moody's, s&p and fitch (collectively, the rating agencies) issuer credit ratings for sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas are investment grade, there is no assurance that these credit ratings will not be downgraded.
for sempra energy, the rating agencies have noted that the following events, among other things, could lead to negative ratings actions:
▪   delays at the cameron lng project and the impact on financial credit metrics;
▪   construction of lng liquefaction projects and the impact on business mix and financial credit metrics over time;
▪   sempra energy's failure to meet certain financial credit metrics;
▪   the cpuc does not effectively implement the more supportive prudency standard associated with the wildfire legislation; or
▪   a ratings downgrade at sdg&amp;e and/or socalgas.
for sdg&e, the rating agencies have noted that the following events, among other things, could lead to negative ratings actions:
▪   the cpuc does not effectively implement the more supportive prudency standard associated with the wildfire legislation;
▪   a consistent weakening of sdg&amp;e's financial metrics;
▪   catastrophic wildfires caused by california electric ious that participate in the wildfire fund, which could exhaust the fund considerably earlier than expected; or
▪   a ratings downgrade at sempra energy.
for socalgas, the rating agencies have noted that the following events, among other things, could lead to negative ratings actions:
▪   socalgas' credit metrics do not improve materially after implementation of the grc and cost of capital decisions finalized in 2019;
▪   socalgas experiences increased business risk, weakening its standalone business risk profile;
▪   deterioration of, or uncertainty in, the political or regulatory environment for local natural gas distribution companies operating in california; or
▪   a ratings downgrade at sempra energy.
a downgrade of sempra energy's or either of its california utilities' credit ratings may materially and adversely affect the market prices of sempra energy's equity and debt securities, the interest rates at which borrowings are made and debt securities and commercial paper are issued, and the various fees on credit facilities. this could make it significantly more costly for sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas and sempra energy's other subsidiaries to borrow money, to issue debt securities and to raise certain other types of capital and/or complete additional financings. such negative credit rating actions, as well as the reasons for such actions could materially and adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition and the market price of, and our ability to pay the principal of and interest on, our debt securities.
dividend requirements associated with our mandatory convertible preferred stock subject us to certain risks.
in january 2018, we issued 17,250,000 shares of our series a preferred stock, and in july 2018, we issued 5,750,000 shares of our series b preferred stock. any future payments of cash dividends, and the amount of any cash dividends we pay, on our series a preferred stock and our series b preferred stock will depend on, among other things, our financial condition, capital requirements and results of operations, and the ability of our subsidiaries and equity method investees to distribute cash to us, as well as other factors that our board of directors may consider relevant. any failure to pay scheduled dividends on our mandatory convertible preferred stock when due would have a material adverse impact on the market price of our mandatory convertible preferred stock, our common stock and our debt securities and would prohibit us, under the terms of our mandatory convertible preferred stock, from paying cash dividends on or repurchasing shares of our common stock (subject to limited exceptions) until such time as we have paid all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock.
the terms of the series a preferred stock and series b preferred stock generally provide that if dividends on any shares of the mandatory convertible preferred stock have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend periods, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of shares of mandatory convertible preferred stock, voting together as a single class, will be entitled to elect a total of two additional members of our board of directors, subject to certain terms and limitations described in the certificate of determination applicable to the mandatory convertible preferred stock.
our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders.
while we strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with all our shareholders, and welcome their views and opinions with the goal of enhancing value for all our shareholders, activist shareholders may, from time to time, engage in proxy solicitations or advance shareholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert influence on our board of directors and management. responding to proposals by activist shareholders would require us to incur significant legal and advisory fees, proxy solicitation expenses (in the case of a proxy contest) and administrative and associated costs and require significant time and attention by our board of directors and management, diverting their attention from the pursuit of our business strategy.
any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control, our ability to execute on our strategy, or changes to the composition of our board of directors or senior management team arising from proposals by activist shareholders or a proxy contest could lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business or instability that may be exploited by our competitors and/or other activist shareholders, result in the loss of potential business opportunities, and make it more difficult to pursue our strategic initiatives or attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, any of which could have an adverse effect, which may be material, on our business and operating results.
actions such as those described above could cause significant fluctuations in the trading prices of our common stock and our preferred stock, based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business.
risks related to all sempra energy businesses severe weather conditions, natural disasters, pandemics, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
like other major industrial facilities, ours may be damaged by severe weather conditions, natural disasters such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, tsunamis, floods, mudslides, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism. because we are in the business of using, storing, transporting and disposing of highly flammable and explosive materials, as well as radioactive materials, and operating highly energized equipment, the risks such incidents may pose to our facilities and infrastructure, as well as the risks to the surrounding communities, are substantially greater than the risks such incidents may pose to a typical business. the facilities and infrastructure that we own or in which we have interests that may be subject to such incidents include, but are not limited to:
▪   natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines, storage and compressor facilities
▪   electric transmission and distribution
▪   power generation plants, including renewable energy and natural gas-fired generation
▪   marine and inland ethane and liquid fuels, lng, and lpg facilities, terminals and storage
▪   nuclear power facilities, nuclear fuel and nuclear waste storage facilities (through sdg&amp;e's 20% minority interest in songs, which is currently being decommissioned)
such incidents could result in severe business disruptions, prolonged power outages, property damage, injuries or loss of life, significant decreases in revenues and earnings, and/or significant additional costs to us. such incidents that do not directly affect our facilities may impact our business partners, supply chains and transportation, which could negatively impact construction projects and our ability to provide natural gas and electricity to our customers. other global incidents could have similar effects to the extent they reach and impact the territories in which we operate, the customers we serve or the employees who operate our businesses. for example, the coronavirus outbreak currently affecting china and elsewhere has resulted in travel restrictions and impacts on the global economy that could affect our operations in a manner that is not presently possible to predict. any such incident could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
depending on the nature and location of the facilities and infrastructure affected, any such incident also could cause catastrophic fires; natural gas, natural gas odorant, propane or ethane leaks; releases of other ghg; radioactive releases; explosions, spills or other significant damage to natural resources or property belonging to third parties; personal injuries, health impacts or fatalities; or present a nuisance to impacted communities. any of these consequences could lead to significant claims against us. in some cases, we may be liable for damages even though we are not at fault, such as in cases where the doctrine of inverse condemnation applies. we discuss how the application of this doctrine in california imposes strict liability on a utility whose equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire (meaning the utility may be found liable regardless of fault) below under "risks related to the california utilities - the wildfire legislation may not adequately protect sdg&e from liability from catastrophic wildfires in its service territory." insurance coverage may significantly increase in cost or become prohibitively expensive, may be disputed by the insurers, or may become unavailable for certain of these risks or at sufficient levels, and any insurance proceeds we receive may be insufficient to cover our losses or liabilities due to the existence of limitations, exclusions, high deductibles, failure to comply with procedural requirements, and other factors, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects, as well as the trading prices of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
our businesses are subject to complex government regulations and tax requirements and may be materially adversely affected by these regulations or requirements or changes thereto.
the electric power and natural gas industries are subject to complex government regulations that from time to time undergo significant changes on the federal, state and local levels. the failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to significant fines and penalties and result in the temporary or permanent shutdown of certain facilities and operations. in addition, changes to these regulations or how these regulations are interpreted may adversely affect how we conduct our business and may subject us to higher compliance costs.
our businesses are subject to increasingly complex accounting and tax requirements, and the regulations, laws and tariffs that affect us may change in response to economic or political conditions. compliance with these requirements could increase our operating costs. any new tax legislation, regulations or other interpretations in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate could materially adversely affect our tax expense and/or tax balances, and changes in tax policies could materially adversely impact our business. changes in regulations, laws and tariffs and how they are implemented and interpreted may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our operations are subject to rules relating to transactions among the california utilities and other sempra energy businesses. these rules are commonly referred to as "affiliate rules," which primarily impact commodity and commodity-related transactions. these businesses could be materially adversely affected by changes in these rules or to their interpretations, or by additional cpuc or ferc rules that further restrict our ability to sell natural gas or electricity to, or to trade with, the california utilities and with each other. affiliate rules also restrict these businesses from entering into any such transactions with the california utilities. any such restrictions on or approval requirements for transactions among affiliates could materially adversely affect the lng facilities, natural gas pipelines, electric generation facilities, or other operations of our subsidiaries, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses require numerous permits, licenses, agreements and other approvals from various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies, and any failure to obtain or maintain them could materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
the acquisition, construction, expansion, ownership, maintenance and/or operation of electric generation, transmission and distribution infrastructure; natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines and distribution and storage facilities; marine and inland ethane and liquid fuels, lng, and lpg facilities, terminals and storage; and other projects require numerous permits, licenses, rights-of-way, franchise agreements, certificates and other approvals from federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies, including approvals and renewals of rights-of-way over indigenous tribal land. these permits, licenses, rights-of-way, franchise agreements, certificates and other approvals may be modified, rescinded or fail to be extended by one or more of the governmental agencies and authorities that oversee our businesses or as a result of litigation. for example, socalgas' franchise agreements with the city of los angeles and los angeles county expire in december 2020 and june 2023, respectively. sdg&e's franchise agreement with the city of san diego is due to expire in january 2021. successfully maintaining or renewing any or all of these approvals could result in higher costs. furthermore, our permits may require compliance by our underlying customers. failure by our customers to comply with permit requirements could result in our permits being modified, suspended or rescinded. in the event one or more of these approvals were to expire or otherwise terminate, we may be required to remove the associated assets from service, construct new assets intended to bypass the impacted area, or both, and our ability to recover higher costs associated with these events cannot be assured.
successfully coordinating and completing expansion and construction projects requires good execution from our employees and contractors, cooperation of third parties, and the absence of litigation and regulatory delay. we may invest a significant amount of money in a major capital project prior to receiving regulatory approval. if there is a delay in obtaining required regulatory approvals, if the regulatory approval is conditioned on major changes, if we fail to obtain or maintain required approvals or to comply with applicable laws or regulations, we may be precluded from constructing or operating facilities, or if management decides not to proceed with the project, we may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in that project, which could materially adversely affect our businesses financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. further, accidents beyond our control may cause us to violate the terms of conditional use permits, causing delays in projects. any such delay or failure to obtain or maintain necessary permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals could cause our operations and prospects to materially decline, and/or our costs to materially increase, and otherwise materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses have significant environmental compliance costs, and future environmental compliance costs could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and/or results of operations.
our businesses are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign statutes, rules and regulations relating to environmental protection, including air quality, water quality and usage, wastewater discharge, solid waste management, hazardous waste disposal and remediation, conservation of natural resources, wetlands and wildlife, renewable energy resources, climate change and ghg emissions. we are required to obtain numerous governmental permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals to construct and operate our businesses. additionally, to comply with these legal requirements, we must spend significant amounts on environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, mitigation costs and emissions fees. our regulated utilities may be materially adversely affected if these additional costs for projects are not recoverable in rates. in addition, we may be ultimately responsible for all on-site liabilities associated with the environmental condition of our projects and properties; in each case regardless of when the liabilities arose and whether they are known or unknown, which exposes us to risks arising from contamination at our former or existing facilities or with respect to offsite waste disposal sites that have been used in our operations. in the case of our california and other regulated utilities, some of these costs may not be recoverable in rates. our facilities, including those in our jvs, are subject to laws and regulations that have been the subject of increased enforcement activity with respect to power generation facilities. failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits may subject our businesses to substantial penalties and fines and/or significant curtailments of our operations, which could materially adversely affect our cash flows and/or results of operations.
increasing international, national, regional and state-level environmental concerns as well as related new or proposed legislation and regulation may have substantial negative effects on our operations, operating costs and the scope and economics of proposed expansions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. in particular, state-level laws and regulations, as well as potential state, national and international legislation and regulation relating to the control and reduction of ghg emissions, may materially limit or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations. for example, sb 100 requires each california utility, including sdg&e, to procure 50% of its annual electric energy requirements from renewable energy sources by 2026, and 60% by 2030. sb 100 also creates the policy of meeting all the state of california's retail electricity supply with a mix of rps-eligible and zero-carbon resources by 2045, for a total of 100% clean energy. the law also includes stipulations that this policy not increase carbon emissions elsewhere in the western grid and not allow resource shuffling, and requires that the cpuc, cec, carb and other state agencies incorporate this into all relevant planning. our california utilities may be materially adversely affected if these additional costs are not recoverable in rates. even if recoverable, the effects of existing and proposed ghg emission reduction standards may cause rates to increase to levels that substantially reduce customer demand and growth and may have a material adverse effect on the california utilities' cash flows. sdg&e may also be subject to significant penalties and fines if certain mandated renewable energy goals are not met.
in addition, existing and future laws, orders and regulations regarding mercury, nitrogen and sulfur oxides, particulates, methane or other emissions could result in requirements for additional monitoring, pollution monitoring and control equipment, safety practices or emission fees, taxes or penalties that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows. moreover, existing rules and regulations may be interpreted or revised in ways that may materially adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows.
our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows may be materially adversely affected by the outcome of litigation against us.
sempra energy and its subsidiaries are defendants in numerous lawsuits and arbitration proceedings, including in connection with the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility natural gas leak. we have spent, and continue to spend, substantial amounts of money and time defending these lawsuits and proceedings, and in related investigations and regulatory proceedings. we discuss pending proceedings in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the uncertainties inherent in lawsuits, arbitrations and other legal proceedings make it difficult to estimate with any degree of certainty the costs and effects of resolving these matters. in addition, juries have demonstrated a willingness to grant large awards, including punitive damages, in personal injury, product liability, property damage and other claims. accordingly, actual costs incurred may differ materially from insured or reserved amounts and may not be recoverable, in whole or in part, by insurance or in rates from our customers, which in each case could materially adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
we cannot and do not attempt to fully hedge our assets or contract positions against changes in commodity prices. in addition, for those contract positions that are hedged, our hedging procedures may not mitigate our risk as planned.
to reduce financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, we may enter into contracts to hedge our known or anticipated purchase and sale commitments, inventories of natural gas and lng, natural gas storage and pipeline capacity and electric generation capacity. as part of this strategy, we may use forward contracts, physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and options. we do not hedge the entire exposure to market price volatility of our assets or our contract positions, and the extent of the coverage to these exposures varies over time. to the extent we have unhedged positions, or if our hedging strategies do not work as planned, fluctuating commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. certain of the contracts we may use for hedging purposes are subject to fair value accounting. such accounting may result in gains or losses in earnings for those contracts. in certain cases, these gains or losses may not reflect the associated losses or gains of the underlying position being hedged.
risk management procedures may not prevent or mitigate losses.
although we have in place risk management and control systems that use advanced methodologies to quantify and manage risk, these systems may not prevent material losses. risk management procedures may not always be followed as intended by our businesses or may not work as planned. in addition, daily value-at-risk and loss limits are based on historic price movements. if prices significantly or persistently deviate from historic prices, the limits may not protect us from significant losses. as a result of these and other factors, there is no assurance that our risk management procedures will prevent or mitigate losses that would materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition.
the operation of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees.
several of our businesses have entered into and have in place collective bargaining agreements with different labor unions. our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on a company-by-company basis. any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
in addition to general information and cyber risks that all large corporations face (e.g. malware, malicious intent by insiders and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), we face evolving cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer information, smart grid infrastructure, and natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure.
existing business technologies and the deployment of new business technologies represent a large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. additionally, we often rely on third party vendors to deploy new business technologies and maintain, modify and update our systems, including systems that manage sensitive information. these third parties could fail to establish adequate risk management and information security measures to protect our systems and information. while our computer systems have been, and will continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malware, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, to date we have not detected a material breach of cybersecurity. addressing these risks is the subject of significant ongoing activities across sempra energy's businesses, including investing in risk management and information security measures to protect our systems. the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated cyber risks. despite our best efforts, our businesses may not be fully insulated from cyber-attacks and system disruptions. an attack on our information systems, the integrity of the energy grid, our pipelines and distribution and storage infrastructure or one of our facilities, or unauthorized access to confidential customer information, could result in energy delivery service failures, financial and reputational loss, violations of privacy laws, customer dissatisfaction and litigation, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
in the ordinary course of business, sempra energy and its subsidiaries collect and retain sensitive information, including personal identification information about customers and employees, customer energy usage and other information. the theft, damage or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data can subject us to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, subject us to claims from third parties, require compliance with notification and monitoring regulations, and harm our reputation. sempra energy maintains cyber liability insurance, but this insurance is limited in scope and subject to exceptions, conditions and coverage limitations and may not cover any or even a substantial portion of the costs associated with the consequences of personal, confidential or proprietary information being compromised and there is no guarantee that the insurance that we do maintain will continue to be available at rates that we believe are commercially reasonable.
further, as seen with recent cyber-attacks around the world, the goal of a cyber-attack may be primarily to inflict large-scale harm on a company and the places where it operates. any such cyber-attack could cause widespread disruptions to our operating, financial and administrative systems, including the destruction of critical information and programming that could materially adversely affect our business operations and the integrity of the power grid, negatively impact our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements or comply with ongoing disclosure obligations or other regulatory requirements, and/or release confidential information about our company and our customers, employees and other constituents, any of which could lead to sanctions or negatively affect the general perception of our business in the financial markets and which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
risks related to the california utilities the california utilities are subject to extensive regulation by state, federal and local legislative and regulatory authorities, which may materially adversely affect us.
the cpuc regulates the california utilities' rates, except sdg&e's electric transmission rates which are regulated by the ferc. the cpuc also regulates, among other matters, the california utilities':
▪   conditions of service
▪   sales of securities
▪   rates of return
▪   capital structure
▪   rates of depreciation
▪   long-term resource procurement the cpuc conducts various reviews and audits of utility operations, safety standards and practices, compliance with cpuc regulations and standards, affiliate relationships and other matters. these reviews and audits may result in disallowances, fines and penalties that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. socalgas and sdg&e may be subject to penalties or fines related to their operation of natural gas pipelines and storage and, for sdg&e, electric operations, under regulations concerning natural gas pipeline safety and citation programs concerning both gas and electric safety, which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. we discuss various cpuc proceedings relating to the california utilities' rates, costs, incentive mechanisms and performance-based regulation in notes 4, 15 and 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the cpuc periodically approves the california utilities' rates based on authorized capital expenditures, operating costs, including income taxes, and an authorized rate of return on investments, as well as settlements, while incorporating a risk-based decision-making framework. delays by the cpuc on decisions authorizing recovery or denying recovery, after-the-fact reasonableness reviews with unclear standards, authorizations for less than full recovery or rejection of their settlements may adversely affect the working capital, cash flows and financial condition of each of the california utilities. if the california utilities receive an adverse cpuc decision and/or actual capital expenditures and/or operating costs were to exceed the amounts approved by the cpuc, our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected.
socalgas and sdg&e have significantly invested and continue to invest in major programs, such as psep, under an approved cpuc framework. however, the total investment to date is substantially subject to cpuc reasonableness review. although we believe these costs have been prudently incurred, the standards applied by the cpuc could result in the disallowance of a portion of these incurred costs, which could materially and adversely affect sdg&e's, socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in california, there are laws that establish rules governing, among other subjects, communications between cpuc officials, cpuc staff and regulated utilities. rules and processes around ex parte communications could result in delayed decisions, increased investigations, enforcement actions and penalties. in addition, the cpuc or other parties may initiate investigations of past communications between public utilities and cpuc officials and staff that could result in reopening completed proceedings for reconsideration.
the ferc regulates electric transmission rates, the transmission and wholesale sales of electricity in interstate commerce, transmission access, the rates of return on investments in electric transmission assets, and other similar matters involving sdg&e.
the california utilities may be materially adversely affected by new legislation, regulations, decisions, orders or interpretations of the cpuc, the ferc or other regulatory bodies. in addition, existing legislation or regulations may be revised or reinterpreted. new, revised or reinterpreted legislation, regulations, decisions, orders or interpretations could change how the california utilities operate, could affect their ability to recover various costs through rates or adjustment mechanisms, or could require them to incur substantial additional expenses.
our california utilities are also affected by the activities of organizations such as turn, utility consumers' action network, sierra club and other stakeholder, advocacy and activist groups. to the extent that these groups are successful in influencing our california utilities' operations, this could have a material adverse effect on the california utilities' businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.
the wildfire legislation may not adequately protect sdg&e from liability from catastrophic wildfires in its service territory and we may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or at all.
in july 2019, the governor of california signed the wildfire legislation into law, which addresses certain important issues related to catastrophic wildfires in the state of california and their impact on electric ious. investor-owned gas distribution utilities such as socalgas are not covered by this legislation. the issues addressed include wildfire mitigation, cost recovery standards and requirements, a wildfire fund, a cap on liability, and the establishment of a wildfire safety board. the wildfire legislation did not change the doctrine of inverse condemnation, which imposes strict liability on a utility (meaning that the utility may be found liable regardless of fault) whose equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire. rather, the wildfire legislation established a revised legal standard for the recovery of wildfire costs (revised prudent manager standard) and established the wildfire fund designed to provide liquidity to participating california electric ious to pay iou wildfire-related claims in the event that the governmental agency responsible for determining causation determines the applicable iou's equipment caused the ignition of a wildfire, primary insurance coverage is exceeded and certain other conditions are satisfied. we are unable to predict whether the wildfire legislation will be effectively implemented and its impact on sdg&e's ability to recover certain costs and expenses in cases where sdg&e's equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire, and specifically in the context of the application of inverse condemnation.
we have experienced increased costs and difficulties in obtaining insurance coverage for wildfires that could arise from the california utilities' operations, particularly sdg&e's operations. in addition, the insurance that has been obtained for wildfire liabilities may not be sufficient to cover all losses that we may incur, or may not be available in sufficient amounts to meet the primary insurance required by the wildfire legislation of $1 billion. uninsured losses may not be recoverable in customer rates. increases in the cost of insurance may be challenged when we seek cost recovery. california courts have invoked the doctrine of inverse condemnation for wildfire damages, whereby if a utility company's equipment, such as its electric distribution and transmission lines, are determined to be a cause of one or more fires, the utility could be held strictly liable for damages, as well as attorneys' fees, without having been found negligent. as a result of the strict liability standard applied to wildfires, recent losses recorded by insurance companies, and the risk of an increase in the number and size of wildfires, insurance for wildfire liabilities may not be available or may be available only at rates that are prohibitively expensive. in addition, even if insurance for wildfire liabilities is available, it may not be available in such amounts as are necessary to cover potential losses. a loss which is neither fully insured nor can be recovered in customer rates, such as the cpuc decision denying sdg&e's recovery of costs for the 2007 wildfires, could materially adversely affect sempra energy's and one or both of the california utilities' financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. we are unable to predict whether we would be allowed to recover in rates or from the wildfire fund the costs of any uninsured losses.
we monitor weather conditions continuously to help ensure the safe operation of our facilities during the periods of elevated wildfire ignition risk. should conditions become extreme, we may de-energize certain of our facilities as a last resort to minimize this safety risk to the public. such "public safety power shutoffs" could be subject to increased scrutiny by regulators and law makers, and may lead to increased risk of penalties and liability for damages. there can be no assurance that such costs would be recoverable in rates.
extreme weather conditions, changing weather patterns and population growth in areas of the state of california in environments with historically higher risk of wildfires could materially affect the california utilities' and sempra energy's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
frequent and more severe drought conditions, unseasonably warm temperatures, very low humidity and stronger winds have increased the degree and prevalence of wildfires in california including in sdg&e's and socalgas' service territories, which could place third party property and our electric and natural gas infrastructure in jeopardy and reduce the availability of hydroelectric generators. this could result in temporary power shortages in sdg&e's and socalgas' service territories and/or catastrophic destruction of third-party property for which sdg&e or socalgas may be liable and unable to recover from ratepayers or may have inadequate insurance coverage. the wildfire legislation, signed into law in july 2019, includes a number of measures primarily intended to address certain important issues related to catastrophic wildfires in the state of california, including wildfire mitigation, cost recovery standards and requirements, a wildfire fund, a cap on liability, and the establishment of a wildfire safety board. however, in the event of a significant wildfire involving sdg&e equipment, the standards prescribed by the wildfire legislation may not be applied by the state of california consistently or the wildfire fund could be completely exhausted due to fires in other california ious' service territories, by fires in sdg&e's service territory or by a combination thereof, which could impact our ability to timely access capital necessary to address, in whole or in part, inverse condemnation and other liabilities. in addition, the state of california has been subject to housing shortages such that certain local land use policies and forestry management practices have been relaxed in certain cases to allow for the construction and development of residential and commercial projects in high risk fire areas that may not have the infrastructure or contingency plans necessary to address such risk.
severe rainstorms and associated high winds in our service territories, as well as flooding and mudslides where vegetation has been destroyed as result of human modification or wildfires, could damage our electric and natural gas infrastructure, resulting in increased expenses, including higher maintenance and repair costs and interruptions in natural gas and electricity delivery services. as a result, these events can have significant financial consequences, including regulatory penalties and disallowances if the california utilities encounter difficulties in restoring service to their customers on a timely basis. further, the cost of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process. any such events could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
events or conditions caused by climate change, including risk of wildfires, severe weather conditions and flooding caused by rising sea levels, could have a greater impact on the california utilities' operations than the california utilities currently anticipate. if the cpuc fails to adjust the california utilities' rates to reflect the impact of events or conditions caused by climate change or if a major fire is determined to be caused by our equipment, sempra energy's and the california utilities' business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially affected.
the california utilities are subject to risks arising from the operation, maintenance and upgrades of their natural gas and electricity infrastructure and information technology systems, which, if they materialize, could adversely affect sempra energy's and the california utilities' financial results.
the california utilities own and operate electric transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas transmission, distribution and storage facilities, which are, in many cases, interconnected and/or managed by information technology systems. the california utilities undertake substantial capital investment projects to construct, replace, improve and upgrade these facilities and systems, but while these capital investment projects are in process and even once completed, there is a risk of, among other things, potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure and information technology systems, human error in operations or maintenance, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental requirements and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. in addition, as discussed above, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems. because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could also be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.
additional risks associated with the ability of the california utilities to safely and reliably operate, maintain, improve and upgrade their facilities and systems, many of which are beyond the california utilities' control, include:
▪   challenges associated with meeting customer demand for natural gas and/or electricity that results in customer curtailments, controlled/uncontrolled gas outages, gas surges back into homes, serious personal injury or loss of life;
▪   a prolonged widespread electrical black-out that results in damage to the california utilities' equipment or damage to property owned by customers or other third parties;
▪   inadequate emergency preparedness plans and the failure to respond effectively to a catastrophic event that could lead to public or employee harm or extended outages; severe weather events such as storms, tornadoes, floods, drought, earthquakes, tsunamis, fires, pandemics, solar events, electromagnetic events or other natural disasters;
▪   the release of hazardous or toxic substances into the air, water or soil, including gas leaks from natural gas pipelines or storage facilities; and
▪   attacks by third parties, including cyber-attacks, acts of terrorism, vandalism or war.
the occurrence of any of these events could affect demand for natural gas or electricity; cause unplanned outages; damage the california utilities' assets and/or operations; damage the assets and/or operations of third parties on which the california utilities rely; damage property owned by customers or others; and cause personal injury or death. as a result, the california utilities could incur costs to purchase replacement power, to repair assets and restore service, and to compensate third parties. any such events could materially adversely affect sempra energy's and one or both of the california utilities' financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
socalgas has incurred and may continue to incur significant costs, expenses and other liabilities related to the natural gas leak at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and mitigating local community environmental impacts from the leak, some or a substantial portion of which may not be recoverable through insurance, and socalgas also may incur significant liabilities for damages, restitution, fines, penalties and other costs, and emissions mitigation activities as a result of this incident, some or a significant portion of which may not be recoverable through insurance or may exceed insurance coverage.
in october 2015, socalgas discovered a leak at one of its injection-and-withdrawal wells, ss25, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility in los angeles county. as described in "civil and criminal litigation" and "regulatory proceedings" in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, numerous lawsuits, investigations and regulatory proceedings have been initiated in response to the leak, resulting in significant costs.
civil and criminal litigation as of february 21, 2020, 393 lawsuits, including approximately 36,000 plaintiffs, are pending against socalgas related to the leak, some of which have also named sempra energy. all these cases, other than a matter brought by the los angeles county district attorney and the federal securities class action, are coordinated before a single court in the la superior court for pretrial management. the court has scheduled an initial trial for june 24, 2020 for a small number of randomly selected individual plaintiffs. for a more detailed description of the civil and criminal lawsuits brought against us, see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
five shareholder derivative actions alleging breach of fiduciary duties have been filed against certain officers and directors of sempra energy and/or socalgas, four of which were joined in a consolidated shareholder derivative complaint in august 2017. these complaints were dismissed, and shareholders filed an amended complaint in february 2020. a federal securities class action alleging violation of the federal securities laws also was filed against sempra energy and certain of its officers which is on appeal following dismissal by the court.
a misdemeanor criminal complaint was filed by the la county district attorney's office, as to which socalgas entered a settlement that was approved by the la superior court but is subject to appeal by certain residents. additional litigation, including by public entities, and criminal complaints may be filed against us in the future related to the leak or our responses thereto.
the costs of defending against or resolving the civil and criminal lawsuits, and any compensatory, statutory or punitive damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, if awarded or imposed, as well as the costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant. if any of these costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there are significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
governmental investigations, orders and additional regulation in january 2016, calgem and the cpuc selected blade to conduct, under their supervision, an independent analysis of the technical root cause of the leak, to be funded by socalgas. the root cause analysis was released in may 2019 and concluded that socalgas had complied with gas storage regulations in existence at the time of the leak and that the related compliance activities conducted prior to the leak did not find indications of a casing integrity issue, but that there were also measures, though not required by the gas storage regulations at the time, that could have been taken to aid in the early identification of corrosion and that, in the opinion of blade, would have prevented or mitigated the leak. in addition, calgem is investigating the leak.
in june 2019, the cpuc opened an oii to consider penalties against socalgas for the leak. the first phase will consider whether socalgas violated public utilities code section 451 or other laws, cpuc orders or decisions, rules or requirements, whether socalgas engaged in unreasonable and/or imprudent practices with respect to its operation and maintenance of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility or its related record-keeping practices, whether socalgas cooperated sufficiently with the safety enforcement division (sed) and blade during the pre-formal investigation, and whether any of the mitigation proposed by blade should be implemented to the extent not already done. in november 2019, sed, based largely on the blade report, alleged a total of 330 violations, asserting that socalgas violated california public utilities code section 451 and failed to cooperate in the investigation and to keep proper records. hearings in the first phase of the oii are scheduled to begin in april 2020. the second phase will consider whether socalgas should be sanctioned for the leak and what penalties, if any, should be imposed for any violations proven in the first phase, as well as determine the amounts of various costs incurred by socalgas and other parties in connection with the leak and the ratemaking treatment or other disposition of such costs.
higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of this incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable through insurance or in customer rates. in addition, any of these investigations could result in findings of violations of laws, orders, rules or regulations as well as fines, sanctions and other penalties. socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any such new laws, orders, rules and regulations or by these investigations.
natural gas storage operations and reliability natural gas withdrawn from storage is important for service reliability during peak demand periods, including peak electric generation needs in the summer and heating needs in the winter. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, with a storage capacity of 86 bcf (representing 63% of socalgas' natural gas storage capacity), is the largest socalgas storage facility and an important element of socalgas' delivery system. as a result of the leak, socalgas suspended injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility beginning in october 2015 and, following a comprehensive safety review and authorization by calgem and the cpuc's executive director, resumed limited injection operations in july 2017. in february 2017, the cpuc opened a proceeding pursuant to sb 380 to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region.
if the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were to be permanently closed, or if future cash flows were otherwise insufficient to recover its carrying value, it could result in an impairment of the facility and significantly higher than expected operating costs and/or additional capital expenditures, and natural gas reliability and electric generation could be jeopardized. at december 31,
2019, the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility had a net book value of $769 million. any significant impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas may not be recoverable in customer rates, and socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
insurance and estimated costs excluding directors' and officers' liability insurance, we have at least four kinds of insurance policies that together we estimate provide between $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in insurance coverage, depending on the nature of the claims. at december 31, 2019, socalgas' estimate of costs related to the leak of $1,116 million includes $1,086 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. this estimate may rise significantly as more information becomes available. costs not included in the $1,116 million cost estimate could be material. we have received insurance payments for many of our costs, including temporary relocation and associated processing costs, control-of-well expenses, costs of the government-ordered response to the leak, legal costs and lost gas.
if any costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there are significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as described in "civil and criminal litigation" above, the actions against us seek compensatory, statutory and punitive damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, which except for the amounts paid or estimated to settle certain actions, are not included in the $1,116 million cost estimate as it is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these actions or reasonably estimate the amount of damages, restitution or civil, administrative or criminal fines, sanctions, penalties or other costs. this cost estimate also does not include future legal costs to defend litigation, and other potential costs that we currently do not anticipate incurring or that we cannot reasonably estimate. furthermore, the cost estimate does not include certain other costs incurred by sempra energy through december 31, 2019 associated with defending shareholder derivative lawsuits. costs not included in the $1,116 million cost estimate could be material. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining insurance coverage for these costs under the applicable policies, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining coverage or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
additional information we discuss aliso canyon natural gas storage facility matters further in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
natural gas pipeline safety assessments may not be fully or adequately recovered in rates.
the california utilities test or replace natural gas transmission pipelines located in populated areas that either have not been pressure tested or lack sufficient documentation of a pressure test, to enhance existing valve infrastructure and to retrofit pipelines to allow for the use of in-line inspection technology, referred to as socalgas' and sdg&e's psep.
the cpuc established criteria to determine the amounts related to psep that may be recovered from ratepayers and the processes for recovery of such amounts, including providing that such costs are subject to a reasonableness review. in the future, certain psep costs may be subject to recovery as determined by separate regulatory filings with the cpuc, including grc filings. psep-related proceedings before the cpuc regarding the california utilities' reasonableness review and cost recovery requests are often challenged by intervening parties. in the future, consumer advocacy groups may similarly challenge the california utilities' petitions for recovery and recommend disallowances in whole or in part with respect to applications to recover psep costs, including through grc filings.
from 2011 through 2019, socalgas and sdg&e have invested and have or plan to seek recovery for approximately $1.8 billion and $445 million, respectively, in psep, with substantial additional expenditures planned. as of december 31, 2019, socalgas and sdg&e have received approval for recovery of $1.3 billion and $15 million, respectively. on january 30, 2020 socalgas and sdg&e reached a settlement with certain intervenors in the 2018 reasonableness review proceeding, which would resolve all but one issue regarding the period of recovery. the settlement is subject to cpuc approval. beginning in 2019, the majority of investments in psep projects are being recovered in base rates as approved in the 2019 grc fd. if the cpuc denies or significantly delays rate recovery for psep and other gas pipeline safety costs incurred by socalgas and sdg&e, it could materially adversely affect the respective company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the california utilities are subject to increasingly stringent safety standards and the potential for significant penalties if regulators deem either sdg&e or socalgas to be out of compliance.
sb 291 requires the cpuc to develop and maintain a safety enforcement program that includes procedures for monitoring, data tracking and analysis, and investigations, and delegates citation authority to cpuc staff personnel under the direction of the cpuc executive director. under the enforcement program, the maximum penalty is $50,000 per offense. each day of an ongoing violation may be counted as an additional offense. cpuc staff has authority to issue citations up to an administrative limit of $8 million per citation under either program and such citations may be appealed to the cpuc. although citations issued under these enforcement programs do include an administrative limit, penalties issued by the cpuc can exceed this limit, having exceeded $1.5 billion in one instance for an unrelated third party.
if the cpuc or its staff determine that either of sdg&e's or socalgas' operations and practices are not in compliance with applicable safety standards and operating procedures, the corrective or mitigation actions required to become in conformance, if not sufficiently funded in customer rates, and any penalties imposed, could materially adversely affect that company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the failure by the cpuc to continue reforms of sdg&e's rate structure, including the implementation of charges independent of consumption volume and reforms to reduce nem rate subsidies, could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
the current electric residential rate structure in california is primarily based on consumption volume, which places a higher rate burden on customers with higher electric use while subsidizing lower use customers.
the nem program is an electric billing tariff mechanism designed to promote the installation of on-site renewable generation (primarily solar installations). under nem, qualifying customer-generators receive a full retail rate for the energy they generate that is fed to the utility's power grid. this occurs during times when the customer's generation exceeds their own energy usage (wholesale rates apply only if a customer's annual generation exceeds their annual consumption). under this structure, nem customers do not pay their proportionate share of the cost of maintaining and operating the electric transmission and distribution system, subject to certain limitations, while they still receive electricity from the system when their self-generation is inadequate to meet their electricity needs. the unpaid nem costs are subsidized by customers not participating in nem. accordingly, as higher electric-use residential customers switch to nem and self-generate energy, the burden on the remaining customers increases, which in turn encourages more self-generation, further increasing rate pressure on existing customers.
in july 2015, the cpuc adopted a decision that provided a framework for rates that we believe are more transparent, fair and sustainable. the framework provides for a minimum monthly bill, fewer rate tiers and a gradual reduction in the differences between the tiered rates, and directs the utilities to pursue expanded time-of-use rates. the framework will be fully implemented in 2020 and should result in relief for higher-use customers and a rate structure that better aligns rates with actual costs to serve customers. the decision also establishes a process for utilities to seek implementation of a fixed charge for residential customers in 2020, subject to certain conditions. we believe the establishment of a charge independent of consumption volume for residential customers may become more critical to help ensure rates are fair for all customers, including the nem issue discussed above. distributed energy resources and energy efficiency initiatives could generally reduce delivered volumes, increasing the importance of a fixed charge. in addition, the continuing increase of solar installations and other forms of self-generation adversely impacts the reliability of the electric transmission and distribution system and could increase fixed costs.
if the cpuc fails to continue to reform sdg&e's rate structure to maintain reasonable, cost-based electric rates that are competitive with alternative sources of power and adequate to maintain the reliability of the electric transmission and distribution system, such failure could lead to the disallowance of recovery for our costs, including power procurement costs, operating or capital costs, or the imposition of fines and penalties. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
the electricity industry is undergoing significant change, including increased deployment of distributed energy resources, technological advancements, and political and regulatory developments.
electric utilities in california are experiencing increasing deployment of distributed energy resources, such as solar, energy storage, energy efficiency and demand response technologies. this growth will eventually require modernization of the electric distribution grid to, among other things, accommodate increasing two-way flows of electricity and increase the grid's capacity to interconnect distributed energy resources. the cpuc is conducting proceedings to: evaluate various demonstration projects and pilots; implement changes to the planning and operation of the electric distribution grid in order to prepare for higher penetration of distributed energy resources; consider future grid modernization and grid reinforcement investments; evaluate if traditional grid investments can be deferred by distributed energy resources; and if feasible, what, if any, compensation would be appropriate; and clarify the role of the electric distribution grid operator. these proceedings may result in new regulations, policies and/or operational changes that could materially adversely affect sdg&e's and sempra energy's businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
sdg&e provides bundled electric procurement service through various resources that are typically procured on a long-term basis. while sdg&e currently provides such procurement service for most of its customer load, customers do have the ability to receive procurement service from a load serving entity other than sdg&e, through programs such as da and cca. da is currently limited by a cap based on gigawatt hours. utility customers could also receive procurement through cca, if the customer's local jurisdiction (city) offers such a program. several local political jurisdictions, including the city and county of san diego and other municipalities, are considering implementing or are implementing a cca, which could result in sdg&e providing procurement service for less than half of its current customer load as early as 2021. when customers are served by another load serving entity, sdg&e no longer procures electricity for this departing load and the associated costs of the utility's procured resources could then be borne by sdg&e's remaining bundled procurement customers. state law requires that customers opting to have a cca procure their electricity must absorb the cost of above-market electricity procurement commitments already made by sdg&e on their behalf. if adequate mechanisms are not implemented to ensure compliance with state law, remaining bundled customers of sdg&e could potentially experience large increases in rates for commodity costs under commitments made on behalf of cca customers prior to their departure, which may not be fully recoverable in rates by sdg&e. if legislative, regulatory or legal action were taken to prevent the timely recovery of these procurement costs or if mechanisms are not in place to ensure compliance with state law, the unrecovered costs could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural gas and natural gas storage has increasingly been the subject of political and public scrutiny, including a desire by some to further limit or eliminate reliance on natural gas as an energy source.
california legislators and stakeholder, advocacy and activist groups have expressed a desire to further limit or eliminate reliance on natural gas as an energy source by advocating increased use of renewable energy and electrification in lieu of the use of natural gas. the cpuc initiated an oir to update gas reliability standards, determine the regulatory changes necessary to improve coordination between natural gas utilities and natural gas-fired electric generators, and implement a long-term planning strategy to manage the state's transition away from natural gas-fueled technologies to meet california's decarbonization goals. the oir will be conducted in three phases. the first phase will address reliability standards. the second phase will address coordination between natural gas utilities and natural gas-fired electric generators. the third phase will implement a long-term planning strategy. comments on the scope of the new oir were due on february 26, 2020. a substantial reduction or the elimination of natural gas as an energy source in california could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's, socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sdg&e may incur substantial costs and liabilities as a result of its partial ownership of a nuclear facility that is being decommissioned.
sdg&e has a 20% ownership interest in songs, formerly a 2,150-mw nuclear generating facility near san clemente, california, that is in the process of being decommissioned by edison, the majority owner of songs. sdg&e, and each of the other owners, is responsible for financing its share of expenses and capital expenditures, including decommissioning activities. although the facility is being decommissioned, sdg&e's ownership interest in songs continues to subject it to the risks of owning a partial interest in a nuclear generation facility, which include:
▪   the potential release of a radioactive material including from a natural disaster such as an earthquake or tsunami that could cause catastrophic harm to human health and the environment;
▪   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the prior operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;
▪   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with operations and the decommissioning of the facility; and
▪   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning the facility.
in addition, sdg&e maintains ndts for providing funds to decommission songs. trust assets have been generally invested in equity and debt securities, which are subject to significant market fluctuations. a decline in the market value of trust assets or an adverse change in the law regarding funding requirements for decommissioning trusts could increase the funding requirements for these trusts, which in each case may not be fully recoverable in rates. furthermore, cpuc approval is required in order to make withdrawals from these trusts. cpuc approval for certain expenditures may be denied by the cpuc altogether if the cpuc determines that the expenditures are unreasonable. finally, decommissioning may be materially more expensive than we currently anticipate and therefore decommissioning costs may exceed the amounts in the trust funds. rate recovery for overruns would require cpuc approval, which may not occur.
interpretations of tax regulations could impact access to ndt funds for reimbursement of spent nuclear fuel management costs. in december 2016, the irs and the u.s. department of treasury issued proposed regulations that clarify the definition of "nuclear decommissioning costs." these proposed regulations will be effective prospectively once they are finalized. sdg&e is awaiting the adoption of, or additional refinement to, the proposed regulations before determining whether the proposed regulations will allow sdg&e to timely access the ndt funds for reimbursement or payment of the spent fuel management costs incurred in 2017 and subsequent years. until the litigation against the doe by edison and sdg&e seeking recovery of spent fuel management costs is resolved or irs regulations regarding spent fuel management costs are confirmed to apply, sdg&e expects to continue to pay for its share of such spent fuel management costs without reimbursement from the ndt. if sdg&e is unable to obtain timely access to the trusts for these costs, sdg&e's cash flows could be negatively impacted.
the occurrence of any of these events could result in a substantial reduction in our expected recovery and have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
risks related to our interest in oncor certain ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments limit our ability to influence the management and policies of oncor.
various "ring-fencing" measures are in place to enhance oncor's separateness from its owners and to mitigate the risk that oncor would be negatively impacted in the event of a bankruptcy or other adverse financial developments affecting its owners. this ring-fence creates both legal and financial separation between oncor holdings, oncor and their subsidiaries, on the one hand, and sempra energy and its affiliates and subsidiaries, on the other hand.
in accordance with the ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments we made in connection with the merger, we and oncor are subject to various restrictions, including, among others:
▪   seven members of oncor's 13-person board of directors will be independent directors in relation to sempra energy and any other direct or indirect owners of oncor. with respect to the non-independent directors, two will be designated by sempra energy, two will be appointed by oncor's minority owner, tti, and two will be current or former oncor officers;
▪   oncor may not pay any dividends if a majority of its independent directors or a minority member director determines that it is in the best interests of oncor to retain such amounts;
▪   oncor will not pay dividends if that payment would cause its debt-to-equity ratio to exceed the debt-to-equity ratio approved by the puct;
▪   if oncor's senior secured debt by any of the three major rating agencies falls below bbb (or baa2 for moody's), oncor will suspend dividends and other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), unless otherwise allowed by the puct;
▪   there must be maintained certain "separateness measures" that reinforce the financial separation of oncor from sempra energy, including a requirement that dealings between oncor and sempra energy must be on an arm's-length basis, limitations on affiliate transactions and a prohibition on pledging oncor assets or stock for any entity other than oncor;
▪   a majority of oncor's independent directors must approve any annual or multi-year budget if the aggregate amount of capital expenditures or o&amp;m in such budget is more than a 10% increase or decrease from the corresponding amounts of such expenditures in the budget for the preceding fiscal year or multi-year period, as applicable; and
▪   sempra energy will continue to hold indirectly at least 51% of the ownership interests in oncor holdings and oncor for at least five years following the closing of the merger, unless otherwise specifically authorized by the puct.
as a result, we do not control oncor holdings or oncor, and we have limited ability to direct the management, policies and operations of oncor holdings and oncor, including the deployment or disposition of their assets, declarations of dividends, strategic planning and other important corporate issues and actions. we have limited representation on the oncor holdings and oncor board of directors, which are controlled by independent directors. the oncor directors have considerable autonomy and, as described in our commitments, have a duty to act in the best interest of oncor consistent with the approved ring-fence and delaware law, which may be contrary to our best interests or be in opposition to our preferred strategic direction for oncor. to the extent that they take actions that are not in our interests, the financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of sempra energy may be materially adversely affected.
if oncor fails to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry, including changes in regulation, its results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, and this could materially adversely affect us.
because oncor is regulated by both u.s. federal and texas state authorities, it has been and will continue to be affected by legislative and regulatory developments. the costs and burdens associated with complying with these regulatory requirements and adjusting oncor's business to legislative and regulatory developments may have a material adverse effect on oncor. moreover, potential legislative changes, regulatory changes or other market or industry changes may create greater risks to the predictability of utility earnings generally. if oncor does not successfully respond to these changes, it could suffer a deterioration in its results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.
oncor's operations are capital intensive and it could have liquidity needs that may require us to make additional investments in oncor.
oncor's business is capital intensive, and it relies on external financing as a significant source of liquidity for its capital requirements. in the past, oncor has financed a substantial portion of its cash needs with the proceeds from indebtedness. in the event that oncor fails to meet its capital requirements, we may elect to make additional investments in oncor. similarly, if oncor is unable to access sufficient capital to finance its ongoing needs, we may elect to make additional investments in oncor which could be substantial and which would reduce the cash available to us for other purposes, could increase our indebtedness and could ultimately materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. in that regard, our commitments to the puct prohibit us from making loans to oncor. as a result, if oncor requires additional financing and cannot obtain it from other sources, we may elect to make a capital contribution, rather than a loan, to oncor.
sempra energy could incur substantial tax liabilities if efh's 2016 spin-off of vistra from efh is deemed to be taxable.
as part of its ongoing bankruptcy proceedings, in 2016, efh distributed all the outstanding shares of common stock of its subsidiary vistra energy corp. (formerly tceh corp. and referred to herein as vistra) to certain creditors of tceh llc (the spinoff), and vistra became an independent, publicly traded company. vistra's spin-off from efh was intended to qualify for partially tax-free treatment to efh and its stockholders under sections 368(a)(1)(g), 355 and 356 of the irc (collectively referred to as the intended tax treatment). in connection with and as a condition to the spin-off, efh received a private letter ruling from the irs regarding certain issues relating to the intended tax treatment of the spin-off, as well as tax opinions from counsel to efh and vistra regarding certain aspects of the spin-off not covered by the private letter ruling.
in connection with the signing and closing of the merger, efh sought and received a supplemental private letter ruling from the irs and sempra energy and efh received tax opinions from their respective counsel that generally provide that the merger will not affect the conclusions reached in, respectively, the irs private letter ruling and tax opinions issued with respect to the spin-off described above. similar to the irs private letter ruling and opinions issued with respect to the spin-off, the supplemental private letter ruling is generally binding on the irs and any opinions issued with respect to the merger are based on factual representations and assumptions, as well as certain undertakings, made by sempra energy and efh, now sempra texas holdings corp. and a subsidiary of sempra energy. if such representations and assumptions are untrue or incomplete, any such undertakings are not complied with, or the facts upon which the irs supplemental private letter ruling or tax opinions (which will not impact the irs position on the transactions) are based are different from the actual facts relating to the merger, the tax opinions and/or supplemental private letter ruling may not be valid and as a result, could be successfully challenged by the irs. if it is determined that the merger causes the spin-off not to qualify for the intended tax treatment, sempra energy, through its ownership of sempra texas holdings corp., could incur substantial tax liabilities, which would materially reduce and potentially eliminate the value associated with our indirect investment in oncor and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects of sempra energy and on the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities. should the irs invalidate the private letter ruling and/or the supplemental private letter ruling, sempra texas holdings corp. has administrative appeal rights including the right to challenge any adverse irs position in court.
risks related to our businesses other than the california utilities and our interest in oncor business development activities may not be successful and projects under construction may not commence operation as scheduled, be completed within budget or operate at expected levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the acquisition, development, construction and expansion of lng liquefaction, marine and inland ethane and liquid fuels, and lpg terminals and storage; natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines and distribution and storage facilities; electric generation, transmission and distribution infrastructure; and other energy infrastructure projects involve numerous risks. we may be required to spend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, fuel supply, resource exploration, legal and other expenses before we can determine whether a project is feasible, economically attractive, or capable of being built.
success in developing a project is contingent upon, among other things:
▪   negotiation of satisfactory epc agreements
▪   negotiation of satisfactory lng offtake and equity agreements
▪   negotiation of supply, natural gas and lng sales agreements or firm capacity service agreements and ppas
▪   timely receipt of required governmental permits, licenses and other authorizations and maintenance of these authorizations
▪   our counterparties' financial or other ability to fulfill their contractual commitments
▪   timely implementation and satisfactory completion of construction
▪   obtaining adequate and reasonably priced financing for the project successful completion of a project may be materially adversely affected by, among other factors:
▪   unforeseen engineering problems
▪   construction delays due to adverse weather conditions, work stoppages, equipment unavailability and other events and contractor performance shortfalls
▪   our counterparties' financial or other inability to fulfill their contractual commitments
▪   failure to obtain or maintain required governmental permits, licenses and other authorizations
▪   litigation
▪   unsettled property rights if we are unable to complete a development project or if we have substantial delays or cost overruns, this could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the operation of existing and future facilities also involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of liquefaction, regasification and storage facilities, electric generation, transmission and distribution infrastructure or other equipment or processes, labor disputes, fuel interruption, environmental contamination and operating performance below expected levels. in addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt liquefaction, generation, regasification, storage, transmission and distribution systems. the occurrence of any of these events could lead to our facilities being idled for an extended period of time or our facilities operating well below expected capacity levels, which may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs and penalties. such occurrences could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the design, development and construction of the cameron lng liquefaction facility involves numerous risks and uncertainties.
we have a 50.2% interest in cameron lng jv, which is building an lng export facility consisting of three liquefaction trains designed to a total nameplate capacity of 13.9 mtpa of lng with an expected export capability of 12 mtpa of lng, or approximately 1.7 bcf per day.
cameron lng jv has a lump-sum, turnkey epc contract with a jv between cb&i, llc (as assignee of cb&i shaw constructors, inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of mcdermott international, inc., and chiyoda international corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of chiyoda corporation. if the epc contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, the project could face substantial construction delays and potentially significantly increased costs. in january 2020, mcdermott international, inc. filed for bankruptcy protection under chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptcy code. mcdermott international, inc. has stated that it expects all of its projects, including the three-train liquefaction project at cameron lng jv, to continue on an uninterrupted basis. however, we cannot be certain the cameron lng jv project will not be interrupted. if the contractor defaults under the epc contract due to the bankruptcy of mcdermott international, inc. or for any other reason, such default could result in cameron lng jv's engagement of a substitute contractor. the inability to complete the project in a timely manner or within our current expectations, cost overruns, and the other risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, credit ratings and/or prospects.
if the estimated construction, financing and other project costs for the facility substantially exceed our contingency associated with the project budget adopted at the time of our final investment decision, we may have to make material additional, unexpected cash contributions. the majority of the investment in the liquefaction project is project-financed and the balance is provided by the project partners. any failure by the project partners to make their required investments on a timely basis could result in project delays and could materially adversely affect the development of the project. in addition, sempra energy has guaranteed a maximum of up to $4.0 billion related to the project financing and financing-related agreements. these guarantees terminate upon cameron lng jv achieving "financial completion" of the initial three-train liquefaction project, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. cameron lng jv's loan facility agreements and related finance documents contain events of default customary for such financings, including a failure to achieve financial completion of the project by a financial completion deadline date of september 30, 2021 (with up to an additional 365 days extension beyond such date permitted in cases of force majeure). a delay in construction that results in a failure to achieve financial completion of the project by this financial completion deadline date would therefore result in an event of default under cameron lng jv's financing and a potential demand on sempra energy's guarantees. we anticipate that the guarantees will be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation. if, due to cameron lng jv's failure to satisfy the financial completion criteria, we are required to repay some or all of the $4.0 billion under our guarantees, any such repayments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects.
we face many challenges to develop and complete our contemplated lng export facilities.
in addition to the three-train cameron lng liquefaction facility described above, we are evaluating several other lng export development opportunities. sempra lng is in discussions with the co-owners of cameron lng jv regarding the potential expansion of up to two additional liquefaction trains at the cameron lng liquefaction facility, is developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project near port arthur, texas, and, through a jv agreement with ienova, is developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project at ienova's existing eca lng regasification facility in baja california, mexico to be developed in two phases (a mid-scale project referred to as eca lng jv phase 1 and a large-scale project referred to as eca lng jv phase 2). each of these contemplated projects face numerous risks and must overcome significant hurdles before we can reach a final investment decision and proceed with construction. further, a shift in the supply of natural gas could depress lng prices and the cost advantages of exporting lng from the u.s. in addition, global oil prices and their associated current and forward projections could reduce the demand for natural gas in some sectors and cause a corresponding reduction in projected global demand for lng. this could result in increased competition among those developing projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored export initiatives. such reduction in natural gas demand could also occur from higher penetration of alternative fuels in new power generation, which could also lead to increased competition among the lng suppliers for the declining lng demand. at certain moderate levels, oil prices could also make lng projects in other parts of the world more feasible and competitive with lng projects from north america, thus increasing supply and the competition for the available lng demand. a decline in natural gas prices outside the u.s. (which in many foreign countries are based on the price of crude oil) may also materially adversely affect the relative pricing advantage that has existed in recent years in favor of domestic natural gas prices (based on henry hub pricing).
in connection with these lng export development opportunities, which we discuss further in "item 7. md&a - capital resources and liquidity - sempra lng," we have entered into or may enter into heads of agreements, mous and/or similar agreements, all of which are or will be nonbinding and do not or will not obligate any of the parties to execute any agreements or participate in any such opportunities.
any decisions by sempra energy or our potential counterparties to proceed with binding agreements with respect to the potential development (or expansion) of our liquefaction projects will require, among other things, obtaining customer commitments to purchase lng, completion of project assessments and achieving other necessary internal and external approvals of each party. in addition, all our proposed projects are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the receipt of a number of permits and approvals; finding suitable additional partners and customers; obtaining financing and incentives; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including equity acquisition and governance agreements, natural gas supply and transportation agreements, lng sale and purchase agreements and construction contracts; and reaching a final investment decision.
furthermore, there are a number of potential new projects under construction or in the process of development by various project developers in north america, in addition to ours, and given the projected global demand for lng, the vast majority of these projects likely will not be completed. with respect to our port arthur, texas project, this is a greenfield site, and therefore it may not have the advantages often associated with brownfield sites. the eca lng regasification facility and eca lng jv proposed liquefaction project in mexico are subject to on-going land and permit disputes that could make project financing, as well as finding suitable partners and customers, difficult. in addition, while we have completed the regulatory process for an lng export facility in the u.s., the regulatory process in mexico and the overlay of u.s. regulations for natural gas exports to an lng export facility in mexico are not well developed. there can be no assurance that a facility could be constructed without facing significant legal challenges and uncertainties, which in turn could make project financing, as well as finding suitable partners and customers for eca lng jv phase 2, difficult. finally, the eca lng regasification facility currently has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100% of the regasification facility's capacity through 2028, making the decision to pursue eca lng jv phase 2 dependent in part on whether the investment in a large-scale liquefaction project would, over the long term, be more beneficial than continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
there can be no assurance that our contemplated lng export facilities will be completed, and our inability to complete one or more of our contemplated lng export facilities could have a material adverse effect on our future cash flows, results of operations and prospects.
domestic and international hydraulic fracturing operations are subject to political, economic and other uncertainties that could increase the costs of doing business, impose additional operating restrictions or delays, and adversely affect production of lng and reduce or eliminate lng export opportunities and demand.
hydraulic fracturing operations in the u.s. and outside the u.s. face political and economic risks and other uncertainties with respect to their operations. several states have adopted or are considering adopting regulations to impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations. in addition to state laws, some local municipalities have adopted or are considering adopting land use restrictions, such as city ordinances, that may restrict the performance of or prohibit the well drilling in general and/or hydraulic fracturing in particular. we cannot predict whether additional federal, state, local or international laws or regulations applicable to hydraulic fracturing will be enacted in the future and, if so, what actions any such laws or regulations would require or prohibit. if additional levels of regulation or permitting requirements were imposed on hydraulic fracturing operations, natural gas prices in north america could rise, which in turn could materially adversely affect the relative pricing advantage that has existed in recent years in favor of domestic natural gas prices (based on henry hub pricing). increased regulation or difficulty in permitting of hydraulic fracturing, and any corresponding increase in domestic natural gas prices, could materially adversely affect demand for lng exports and our ability to develop commercially viable lng export facilities beyond the three-train cameron lng facility currently under construction.
our businesses are exposed to market risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, and our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects may be materially adversely affected by these risks.
we buy energy-related commodities from time to time for lng facilities or power plants to satisfy contractual obligations with customers, in regional markets and other competitive markets in which we compete. our revenues and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if the prevailing market prices for natural gas, lng, electricity or other commodities that we buy change in a direction or manner not anticipated and for which we had not provided adequately through purchase or sale commitments or other hedging transactions. unanticipated changes in market prices for energy-related commodities can result from multiple factors, such as adverse weather conditions, commodity production levels, and energy and environmental regulations and legislation.
when our businesses enter into fixed-price long-term contracts to provide services or commodities, they are exposed to inflationary pressures such as rising commodity prices and interest rate risks.
sempra mexico and sempra lng generally endeavor to secure long-term contracts with customers for services and commodities to optimize the use of their facilities, reduce volatility in earnings and support the construction of new infrastructure. however, if these contracts are at fixed prices, the profitability of the contract may be materially adversely affected by inflationary pressures, including rising operational costs, costs of labor, materials, equipment and commodities, and rising interest rates that affect financing costs. we may try to mitigate these risks by using variable pricing tied to market indices, anticipating an escalation in costs when bidding on projects, providing for cost escalation, providing for direct pass-through of operating costs or entering into hedges. however, these measures, if implemented, may not ensure that the increase in revenues they provide will fully offset increases in operating expenses and/or financing costs. the failure to fully or substantially offset these increases could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations.
increased competition and changes in trade policies could materially adversely affect us.
the markets in which we operate are characterized by numerous strong and capable competitors, many of whom have extensive and diversified development and/or operating experience (including both domestic and international) and financial resources similar to or greater than ours. further, in recent years, the natural gas pipeline, storage and lng market segments have been characterized by strong and increasing competition both with respect to winning new development projects and acquiring existing assets. in mexico, despite the commissioning of many new energy infrastructure projects by the cfe and other governmental agencies in connection with energy reforms, competition for recent pipeline projects has been intense with numerous bidders competing aggressively for these projects. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in bidding for new development opportunities in the u.s. and mexico. these competitive factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
in addition, the current u.s. administration has indicated its intention to revise or replace international trade agreements, such as nafta. in november 2018, president trump signed the usmca, which, if approved by the legislatures of the u.s., mexico and canada, would replace nafta. the u.s. and mexico approved the usmca in january 2020 and june 2019, respectively, but canada has yet to provide its approval. a shift in u.s. trade policies could materially adversely affect our lng development opportunities, as well as opportunities for trade between mexico and the u.s.
we may elect not to, or may not be able to, enter into, extend or replace expiring long-term supply and sales agreements or long-term firm capacity agreements for our projects, which would subject our revenues to increased volatility and our businesses to increased competition. such long-term contracts, once entered into, increase our credit risk if our counterparties fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations on a timely basis due to bankruptcy, insolvency, or otherwise.
the eca lng regasification facility has long-term capacity agreements with a limited number of counterparties. under these agreements, customers pay capacity reservation and usage fees to receive, store and regasify the customers' lng. we also may enter into short-term and/or long-term supply agreements to purchase lng to be received, stored and regasified for sale to other parties. the long-term supply agreement contracts are expected to reduce our exposure to changes in natural gas prices through corresponding natural gas sales agreements or by tying lng supply prices to prevailing natural gas market price indices. if the counterparties, customers or suppliers to one or more of the key agreements for the eca lng regasification facility were to fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
for the three-train liquefaction facility currently under construction by cameron lng, cameron lng jv has 20-year liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements in place with affiliates of total s.a., mitsubishi corporation and mitsui & co., ltd., that subscribe for the full nameplate capacity of the facility. if the counterparties to these tolling agreements were to fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations to cameron lng jv on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
sempra mexico's and sempra lng's ability to enter into or replace existing long-term firm capacity agreements for their natural gas pipeline operations are dependent on demand for and supply of lng and/or natural gas from their transportation customers, which may include our lng facilities. a significant sustained decrease in demand for and supply of lng and/or natural gas from such customers could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
the electric generation and wholesale power sales industries are highly competitive. as more plants are built and competitive pressures increase, wholesale electricity prices may become more volatile. without the benefit of long-term power sales agreements, our revenues may be subject to increased price volatility, and we may be unable to sell the power that sempra mexico's facilities are capable of producing or to sell it at favorable prices, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
our businesses depend on counterparties, business partners, customers and suppliers performing in accordance with their agreements. if they fail to perform, we could incur substantial expenses and business disruptions and be exposed to commodity price risk and volatility, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses, and the businesses that we invest in, are exposed to the risk that counterparties, business partners, customers and suppliers that owe money or commodities as a result of market transactions or other long-term agreements or arrangements will not perform their obligations in accordance with such agreements or arrangements. should they fail to perform, we may be required to enter into alternative arrangements or to honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. in such an event, we may incur additional losses to the extent of amounts already paid to such counterparties or suppliers. in addition, many such agreements are important for the conduct and growth of our businesses. the failure of any of the parties to perform in accordance with these agreements could materially adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects. finally, we often extend credit to counterparties and customers. while we perform significant credit analyses prior to extending credit, we are exposed to the risk that we may not be able to collect amounts owed to us.
certain past assertions made by the cfe and mexican government, coupled with past arbitration requests and other statements and actions by the cfe, raise serious concerns over whether the terms of sempra mexico's gas pipeline contracts will be honored or disputed in arbitration. the failure by the cfe or other customers to honor the terms of sempra mexico's gas pipeline contracts and the inability to enter into gas pipeline contracts in the future could have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
sempra mexico's and sempra lng's obligations and those of their suppliers for lng supplies are contractually subject to (1) suspension or termination for "force majeure" events beyond the control of the parties; and (2) substantial limitations of remedies for other failures to perform, including limitations on damages to amounts that could be substantially less than those necessary to provide full recovery of costs for breach of the agreements, which in either event could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects.
in addition, we may develop and/or own some projects with other equity owners and, therefore, we may not control all material decisions with respect to those projects, as is the case with the cameron lng jv project. to the extent that there is disagreement amongst the project equity owners with respect to certain decisions affecting such a project, the development, construction or operation of such project may be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected. such a circumstance could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, result of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses are subject to various legal actions challenging our property rights and permits.
we are engaged in disputes regarding our title to the properties adjacent to and properties where our eca lng regasification facility and eca lng jv proposed liquefaction project in mexico are located, as we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. if we are unable to defend and retain title to the properties on which these current and proposed facilities are located, we could lose our rights to occupy and use such properties and the related facilities, which could result in breaches of one or more permits or contracts that we have entered into with respect to such facilities. in addition, our ability to construct an lng liquefaction export facility may be hindered or halted by these disputes, and they could make project financing such a facility and finding suitable partners and customers very difficult. if we are unable to occupy and use such properties and the related facilities, it could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
we rely on transportation assets and services, much of which we do not own or control, to deliver natural gas and electricity.
we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to:
▪   deliver the natural gas and electricity we sell to wholesale markets or that we use for our liquefaction facilities;
▪   supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities; and
▪   provide retail energy services to customers.
sempra mexico and sempra lng also depend on natural gas pipelines to interconnect with their ultimate source or customers of the commodities they are transporting. sempra mexico and sempra lng also rely on specialized ships to transport lng to their facilities and on natural gas pipelines to transport natural gas for customers of the facilities. sempra mexico's subsidiaries, as well as our south american businesses that are held for sale, rely on transmission lines to sell electricity to their customers. if transportation is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, we may be unable to sell and deliver our commodities, electricity and other services to some or all of our customers. as a result, we may be responsible for damages incurred by our customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative electricity, natural gas supplies and lng at then-current spot market rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
our international businesses are exposed to different local, regulatory and business risks and challenges.
in mexico, we own or have interests in natural gas distribution and transportation assets, lpg storage and transportation facilities, ethane transportation assets, electricity generation facilities, lng facilities and ethane and liquid fuels marine and inland terminals. in peru and chile, we own or have interests in electric transmission, distribution and generation infrastructure and operations, which are held for sale. developing infrastructure projects, owning energy assets and operating businesses in foreign jurisdictions subject us to significant security, political, legal, regulatory and financial risks that vary by country, including:
▪   changes in foreign laws and regulations, including tax and environmental laws and regulations, and u.s. laws and regulations, in each case, that are related to foreign operations;
▪   actions by local regulatory bodies, including setting of rates and tariffs that may be earned by our businesses;
▪   adverse changes in market conditions, trade restrictions, limitations on ownership in foreign countries and inadequate enforcement of regulations;
▪   foreign cash balances that may be unavailable to fund u.s. operations, or available only at unfavorable u.s. and/or foreign tax rates upon repatriation of such amounts or changes in tax law;
▪   permitting and regulatory compliance;
▪   adverse rulings by foreign courts or tribunals, challenges to permits and approvals, difficulty in enforcing contractual and property rights, and unsettled property rights and titles in mexico;
▪   energy policy reform that may result in adverse changes to and/or difficulty in enforcing existing contracts, as we discuss below;
▪   expropriation or theft of assets;
▪   adverse changes in the stability of the governments in the countries in which we operate;
▪   social unrest; and
▪   compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws.
in addition, the mexican government has exercised, and continues to exercise, significant influence over the mexican economy. accordingly, mexican governmental actions concerning the economy and certain governmental agencies, including the cfe could have a significant impact on mexican private sector entities in general and on ienova's operations in particular. for example, the cfe and the mexican government took certain actions in 2019 that raised serious concerns over whether the terms of sempra mexico's gas pipeline contracts would be honored or disputed in arbitration. ienova and other affected natural gas pipeline developers joined the cfe and the president of mexico's representatives in negotiations and were able to resolve the dispute, but we cannot predict whether similar disputes may arise and/or whether such disputes will be resolved on favorable terms to us, if at all. we also cannot predict the impact that the political landscape, including multiparty rule and civil disobedience, will have on the mexican economy. such circumstances, may materially adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects in mexico, which could have a material adverse effect on sempra's consolidated financial statements.
we discuss litigation related to sempra mexico's international energy projects in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other risks sempra energy has substantial investments in and obligations arising from businesses that it does not control or manage or in which it shares control.
sempra energy makes investments in entities that we do not control or manage or in which we share control. as described above, sdg&e holds a 20% ownership interest in songs, which is in the process of being decommissioned by edison, its majority owner. as a result of ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments, we account for our indirect, 100% ownership interest in oncor holdings, which, at december 31, 2019, owns an 80.25% interest in oncor, as an equity method investment. sempra lng accounts for its 50.2% interest in cameron lng jv under the equity method. sempra mexico has a 40% interest in a jv with a subsidiary of tc energy to build, own and operate the sur de texas-tuxpan natural gas marine pipeline in mexico, a 50% interest in a renewables wind project in baja california, and a 50% interest in the los ramones norte pipeline in mexico. sempra energy has an equity method investment in the rbs sempra commodities partnership, which is in the process of being dissolved and for which sempra energy is subject to certain indemnities as we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. any adverse resolution of matters associated with our ownership interest in the rbs sempra commodities partnership could have a corresponding impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sempra lng provided guarantees related to cameron lng jv's financing agreements, and sempra mexico has provided loans to jvs in which they have investments. we discuss the guarantees in note 6 and affiliate loans in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have limited influence over these ventures and other businesses in which we do not have a controlling interest. in addition to the other risks inherent in these businesses, if their management were to fail to perform adequately or the other investors in the businesses were unable or otherwise failed to perform their obligations to provide capital and credit support for these businesses, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects. we discuss our investments further in notes 5, 6 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
market performance or changes in other assumptions could require sempra energy, sdg&e and/or socalgas to make significant unplanned contributions to their pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas provide defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits to eligible employees and retirees. a decline in the market value of plan assets may increase the funding requirements for these plans. in addition, the cost of providing pension and other postretirement benefits is also affected by other factors, including the assumed rate of return on plan assets, employee demographics, discount rates used in determining future benefit obligations, rates of increase in health care costs, levels of assumed interest rates and future governmental regulation. an adverse change in any of these factors could cause a material increase in our funding obligations which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects.
impairment of goodwill would negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth.
as of december 31, 2019, sempra energy had approximately $1,602 million of goodwill, which represented approximately 2.44% of the total assets on its consolidated balance sheet, primarily related to the acquisitions of ienova pipelines and ventika in mexico. goodwill is not amortized, but we test it for impairment annually on october 1 or whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation, which could result in our recording a goodwill impairment loss. we discuss our annual goodwill impairment testing process and the factors considered in such testing in "item 7. md&a - critical accounting policies and estimates" and in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. a goodwill impairment loss could materially adversely affect our results of operations for the period in which such charge is recorded.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview in 2018, we set out to simplify sempra energy's business model and sharpen our focus on building north america's premier energy infrastructure company. our 2019 operational and financial results reflect our focus on executing this strategy:
▪   the california utilities received a constructive final grc decision for the 2019 revenue requirement and attrition year adjustments for 2020 and 2021, and a final decision in the 2020 cost of capital proceeding.
▪   sdg&amp;e contributed to the wildfire fund that was created through the wildfire legislation that addresses certain issues related to catastrophic wildfires in california.
▪   we supported oncor's acquisition of infrareit and acquired an indirect 50% interest in sharyland holdings in texas.
▪   cameron lng jv's train 1 commenced commercial operation.
▪   we sold our non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) and our remaining u.s. wind assets and investments. in april 2019, our sempra renewables segment ceased to exist.
▪   we entered into agreements to sell our equity interests in our south american businesses, which were previously included in our sempra south american utilities segment, and expect those sales to close in the first half of 2020.
our south american businesses and certain activities associated with those businesses have been reclassified to discontinued operations for all periods presented. nominal activities that are not classified as discontinued operations have been subsumed into parent and other. our discussions below exclude discontinued operations, unless otherwise noted.
results of operations we discuss the following in results of operations:
▪   overall results of operations of sempra energy
▪   segment results
▪   significant changes in revenues, costs and earnings
▪   impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations overall results of operations of sempra energy in 2019, our earnings increased by approximately $1,131 million to $2,055 million and our diluted eps increased by $3.87 to $7.29. in 2018 compared to 2017, our earnings increased by $668 million to $924 million and our diluted eps increased by $2.41 to $3.42. the change in diluted eps for 2019 and 2018 included decreases of $(0.33) and $(0.24), respectively, attributable to an increase in weighted-average common shares outstanding. our earnings and diluted eps were impacted by variances discussed in "segment results" below.
segment results the following section presents earnings (losses) by sempra energy segment, as well as parent and other, and the related discussion of the changes in segment earnings (losses). throughout the md&a, our reference to earnings represents earnings attributable to common shares. variance amounts presented are the after-tax earnings impact (based on applicable statutory tax rates), unless otherwise noted, and before nci, where applicable. as we discuss below in "significant changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes," in december 2017, the tcja was signed into law. the tcja reduced the u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018. after-tax variances between 2018 and 2017 assume that amounts in both years were taxed at the 2017 statutory rate.
sempra energy earnings (losses) by segment
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                        2018                    2017
sdg&amp;e                                     $767                    $669                    $407
socalgas                                       641                     400                     396
sempra texas utilities                         528                     371                       -
sempra mexico                                  253                     237                     169
sempra renewables                               59                     328                     252
sempra lng                                      (6     )              (617     )               150
parent and other(1)                           (515     )              (620     )            (1,060     )
discontinued operations                        328                     156                     (58     )
earnings attributable to common shares      $2,055                    $924                    $256
(1)   includes $914 million income tax expense from the effects of the tcja in 2017, intercompany eliminations recorded in consolidation and certain corporate costs.
sdg&e the increase in earnings of $98 million (15%) in 2019 was primarily due to:
▪   $71 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2019, net of operating expenses;
▪   $31 million income tax benefit from the release of a regulatory liability established in connection with 2017 tax reform for excess deferred income tax balances that the cpuc directed to be allocated to shareholders in a january 2019 decision; and
▪   $11 million higher margin from electric transmission operations, net of a ferc formulaic rate adjustment benefit in 2018; offset by
▪   $10 million amortization of wildfire fund asset.
the increase in earnings of $262 million in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $208 million charge in 2017 for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with 2007 wildfire costs;
▪   $65 million higher margin from electric transmission operations in 2018, including the annual ferc formulaic rate adjustment;
▪   $28 million unfavorable impact in 2017 from the remeasurement of certain u.s. federal deferred income tax assets as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $27 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2018, primarily related to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018; offset by
▪   $35 million higher net interest expense, of which $25 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $11 million unfavorable impact due to lower cost of capital related to grc base business, which excludes incremental projects and other balanced capital programs, in 2018, of which $2 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018.
socalgas the increase in earnings of $241 million in 2019 was primarily due to:
▪   $216 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2019, net of operating expenses;
▪   $38 million income tax benefit from the impact of the january 2019 cpuc decision allocating certain excess deferred income tax balances to shareholders;
▪   $22 million from impacts associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation in 2018; and
▪   $14 million higher income tax benefits from flow-through items; offset by
▪   $21 million impairment of non-utility native gas assets in 2019;
▪   $18 million higher net interest expense; and
▪   $8 million penalties in 2019 related to the socalgas billing practices oii.
the increase in earnings of $4 million (1%) in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $36 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2018, net of expenses including depreciation (of this increase, $28 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018); and
▪   $16 million higher psep earnings; offset by
▪   $22 million higher net interest expense, of which $15 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018;
▪   $21 million unfavorable impact due to lower cost of capital related to grc base business in 2018, of which $4 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $22 million in 2018 from impacts associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation compared to $20 million in 2017.
sempra texas utilities the increase in earnings of $157 million (42%) in 2019 primarily represents higher equity earnings from oncor holdings, which we acquired in march 2018, driven by the impact of oncor's acquisition of infrareit in may 2019 and higher revenues due to rate updates to reflect increases in invested transmission capital, partially offset by higher operating costs.
earnings of $371 million in 2018 represent equity earnings from our investment in oncor holdings.
sempra mexico the increase in earnings of $16 million (7%) in 2019 was primarily due to:
▪   $18 million primarily due to the start of commercial operations of the sur de texas-tuxpan marine pipeline at img jv in the third quarter of 2019;
▪   $16 million lower income tax expense in 2019 primarily from a two-year tax abatement that expires in 2020; and
▪   $122 million earnings attributable to nci at ienova in 2019 compared to $132 million earnings in 2018; offset by
▪   $20 million lower earnings primarily from force majeure payments that ended on august 22, 2019 with respect to the guaymas-el oro segment of the sonora pipeline; and
▪   $17 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency and inflation effects, net of foreign currency derivatives effects, comprised of:
◦   in 2019, $88 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $29 million gain from foreign currency derivatives, offset by
◦   in 2018, $43 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $1 million gain from foreign currency derivatives (we discuss these effects below in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations.")
the increase in earnings of $68 million (40%) in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $107 million higher earnings at tdm, including $71 million impairment in 2017 of assets that were held for sale until june 1, 2018 and $32 million improved operating results primarily as a result of major maintenance in 2017 and higher revenues in 2018;
▪   $37 million higher earnings, primarily attributable to pipeline assets placed in service in the second quarter of 2017 and ienova's increased indirect ownership interest in tag jv; and
▪   $10 million improved operating results at ecogas, mainly due to new rates approved by the cre and regulated revenues associated with recovery for revised tariffs; offset by
▪   $132 million earnings attributable to nci at ienova in 2018 compared to $73 million in 2017;
▪   $22 million lower capitalized financing costs, primarily associated with assets placed in service at the end of the first half of 2017, net of higher equity earnings in 2018 from afudc at img jv; and
▪   $7 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency and inflation effects, net of foreign currency derivatives effects, comprised of:
◦   in 2018, $43 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $1 million gain from foreign currency derivatives, offset by
◦   in 2017, $84 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $49 million gain from foreign currency derivatives.
sempra renewables as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, sempra renewables sold its remaining wind assets and investments in april 2019, upon which date the segment ceased to exist.
the decrease in earnings of $269 million in 2019 was primarily due to:
▪   $367 million gain on the sale of all sempra renewables' operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects and its 50% interest in a wind power generation facility in december 2018; and
▪   $92 million lower earnings from assets sold in december 2018 and april 2019, net of lower general and administrative and other costs due to the wind-down of this business; offset by
▪   $145 million other-than-temporary impairment of certain u.s. wind equity method investments in 2018; and
▪   $45 million gain on sale of sempra renewables' remaining wind assets in 2019.
the increase in earnings of $76 million (30%) in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $367 million gain on the sale of all sempra renewables' operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects and its 50% interest in a wind power generation facility in december 2018;
▪   $35 million higher pretax losses attributed to nci, including the impact of the tcja on nci allocations computed using the hlbv method; and
▪   $19 million lower depreciation as a result of solar and wind assets held for sale; offset by
▪   $192 million favorable impact in 2017 from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $145 million other-than-temporary impairment of certain u.s. wind equity method investments in 2018.
sempra lng the decrease in losses of $611 million in 2019 was primarily due to:
▪   $665 million net impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. in 2018, including $801 million impairment in the second quarter of 2018, offset by a $136 million reduction to the impairment in the fourth quarter of 2018;
▪   $17 million higher equity earnings from cameron lng jv, including:
◦   $36 million increase primarily due to train 1 commencing commercial operation under its tolling agreements in august 2019, offset by
◦   $19 million decrease due to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and associated fees related to cameron lng jv's debt refinancing; and
▪   $9 million unfavorable adjustment in 2018 to tcja provisional amounts recorded in 2017 related to the remeasurement of deferred income taxes; offset by
▪   $36 million losses attributable to nci in 2018 related to the net impairment discussed above; and
▪   $28 million higher liquefaction project development costs and operating costs.
losses of $617 million in 2018 compared to earnings of $150 million in 2017 were primarily due to:
▪   $665 million net impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in 2018;
▪   $142 million higher income tax expense in 2018, which included $133 million favorable impact in 2017 from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the tcja and $9 million unfavorable impact in 2018 to adjust tcja provisional amounts recorded in 2017; and
▪   $34 million settlement proceeds in 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty in bankruptcy court, of which $28 million related to a charge in 2016 from the permanent release of certain pipeline capacity; offset by
▪   $36 million losses attributable to nci in 2018 related to the net impairment discussed above;
▪   $24 million higher earnings from midstream activities primarily driven by lower depreciation and amortization as a result of natural gas storage assets held for sale; and
▪   $15 million improved results in 2018 from lng marketing activities.
parent and other the decrease in losses of $105 million (17%) in 2019 was primarily due to:
▪   $65 million impairment of the rbs sempra commodities equity method investment in 2018;
▪   $48 million higher investment gains in 2019 on dedicated assets in support of our employee nonqualified benefit plan obligations, net of deferred compensation expenses;
▪   $32 million income tax expense in 2018 to adjust provisional amounts recorded in 2017 related to the tcja; and
▪   $10 million income tax benefit in 2019 to reduce a valuation allowance against certain nol carryforwards as a result of our decision to sell our south american businesses; offset by
▪   $17 million increase in mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends primarily from the issuance of series b preferred stock in july 2018;
▪   $11 million increase primarily related to settlement charges from our nonqualified pension plan; and
▪   $11 million loss from foreign currency derivatives used to hedge exposure to fluctuations in the peruvian sol related to the sale of our operations in peru.
the decrease in losses of $440 million (42%) in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $914 million unfavorable impact in 2017 from the tcja, offset by $32 million income tax expense in 2018 to adjust provisional amounts recorded in 2017 (we discuss the impacts from the tcja in "significant changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes" below); offset by
▪   $179 million increase in net interest expense, of which $58 million relates to the lower tax rate in 2018;
▪   $125 million mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends declared;
▪   $65 million impairment of the rbs sempra commodities equity method investment; and
▪   $15 million investment losses in 2018 compared to $41 million investment gains in 2017 on dedicated assets in support of our employee nonqualified benefit plan obligations, net of deferred compensation expenses.
discontinued operations discontinued operations that were previously in our sempra south american utilities segment include our 100% interest in chilquinta energía in chile, our 83.6% interest in luz del sur in peru and our interests in two energy-services companies, tecnored and tecsur, which provide electric construction and infrastructure services to chilquinta energía and luz del sur, respectively, as well as third parties. discontinued operations also include activities, mainly income taxes related to the south american businesses, that were previously included in the holding company of the south american businesses at parent and other.
the increase in earnings of $172 million in 2019 was primarily due to:
▪   $91 million higher earnings from south american operations mainly from higher rates, lower cost of purchased power at peru, and including $38 million lower depreciation expense due to assets classified as held for sale;
▪   $89 million income tax benefit in 2019 from outside basis differences in our south american businesses primarily related to the change in our indefinite reinvestment assertion from our decision on january 25, 2019 to hold those businesses for sale and a change in the anticipated structure of the sale; and
▪   $44 million income tax expense in 2018 to adjust tcja provisional amounts recorded in 2017 primarily related to withholding tax on our expected future repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings; offset by
▪   $51 million income tax expense related to the increase in outside basis differences from 2019 earnings since january 25, 2019.
earnings of $156 million in 2018 compared to losses of $58 million in 2017 were primarily due to a $251 million unfavorable impact in 2017 from the tcja, offset by $44 million income tax expense in 2018 to adjust provisional amounts recorded in 2017.
significant changes in revenues, costs and earnings this section contains a discussion of the differences between periods in the specific line items of the consolidated statements of operations for sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas.
utilities revenues our utilities revenues include natural gas revenues at our california utilities and sempra mexico's ecogas and electric revenues at sdg&e. intercompany revenues included in the separate revenues of each utility are eliminated in the sempra energy consolidated statements of operations.
socalgas and sdg&e currently operate under a regulatory framework that permits:
▪   the cost of natural gas purchased for core customers (primarily residential and small commercial and industrial customers) to be passed through to customers in rates substantially as incurred. however, socalgas' gcim provides socalgas the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for its core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. this mechanism permits full recovery of costs incurred when average purchase costs are within a price range around the benchmark price. any higher costs incurred or savings realized outside this range are shared between the core customers and socalgas. we provide further discussion in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms."
▪   sdg&amp;e to recover the actual cost incurred to generate or procure electricity based on annual estimates of the cost of electricity supplied to customers. the differences in cost between estimates and actual are recovered or refunded in subsequent periods through rates.
▪   the california utilities to recover certain expenses for programs authorized by the cpuc, or "refundable programs."
because changes in socalgas' and sdg&e's cost of natural gas and/or electricity are recovered in rates, changes in these costs are offset in the changes in revenues, and therefore do not impact earnings. in addition to the changes in cost or market prices, natural gas or electric revenues recorded during a period are impacted by customer billing cycles causing a difference between customer billings and recorded or authorized costs. these differences are required to be balanced over time, resulting in over- and undercollected regulatory balancing accounts. we discuss balancing accounts and their effects further in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the table below summarizes utilities revenues and cost of sales.
utilities revenues and cost of sales
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                            2018                    2017
natural gas revenues:
socalgas                                        $4,525                  $3,962                  $3,785
sdg&amp;e                                          658                     565                     541
sempra mexico                                       73                      78                     110
eliminations and adjustments                       (71     )               (65     )               (75     )
total                                            5,185                   4,540                   4,361
electric revenues:
sdg&amp;e                                        4,267                   4,003                   3,935
eliminations and adjustments                        (4     )                (4     )                (6     )
total                                            4,263                   3,999                   3,929
total utilities revenues                        $9,448                  $8,539                  $8,290
cost of natural gas:
socalgas                                          $977                  $1,048                  $1,025
sdg&amp;e                                          176                     152                     164
sempra mexico                                       14                      21                      70
eliminations and adjustments                       (28     )               (13     )               (69     )
total                                           $1,139                  $1,208                  $1,190
cost of electric fuel and purchased power:
sdg&amp;e                                       $1,194                  $1,370                  $1,293
eliminations and adjustments                        (6     )               (12     )                 -
total                                           $1,188                  $1,358                  $1,293
natural gas revenues and cost of natural gas the table below summarizes the average cost of natural gas sold by the california utilities and included in cost of natural gas. the average cost of natural gas sold at each utility is impacted by market prices, as well as transportation, tariff and other charges.
california utilities average cost of natural gas
(dollars per thousand cubic feet)
years ended december 31,
2019                             2018                        2017
socalgas    $3.07                       $3.58                       $3.44
sdg&amp;e   3.91                 3.81                        4.08
in 2019, our natural gas revenues increased by $645 million (14%) to $5.2 billion primarily due to:
▪   $563 million increase at socalgas, which included:
◦   $383 million higher authorized revenue in 2019,
◦   $105 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m,
◦   $62 million higher non-service component of net periodic benefit cost in 2019, which fully offsets in other income, net,
◦   $29 million charges in 2018 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd, and
◦   $16 million higher net revenues from psep, offset by
◦   $71 million decrease in the cost of natural gas sold, which we discuss below; and
▪   $93 million increase at sdg&amp;e, which included:
◦   $68 million higher authorized revenue in 2019, and
◦   $24 million increase in the cost of natural gas sold, which we discuss below.
in 2018 compared to 2017, our natural gas revenues increased by $179 million (4%) to $4.5 billion primarily due to:
▪   $177 million increase at socalgas, which included:
◦   $160 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m,
◦   $71 million increase in 2018 due to an increase in rates permitted under the attrition mechanism in the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $23 million increase in cost of natural gas sold, and
◦   $19 million decrease in charges in 2018 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd, offset by
◦   $67 million revenue deferral due to the effect of the tcja,
◦   $29 million lower cost of capital related to grc base business in 2018, and
◦   $10 million lower net revenues from capital projects, including $60 million decrease for advanced metering infrastructure due to completion of the project, offset by increases of $14 million for psep and $36 million for other capital projects; and
▪   $24 million increase at sdg&amp;e primarily due to higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m, and 2018 attrition; offset by
▪   $32 million decrease at sempra mexico, which included:
◦   $46 million lower volumes at ecogas primarily as a result of the new regulations that went into effect on march 1, 2018 that no longer allow ecogas to sell natural gas to high consumption end users (defined by the cre as customers with annual consumption that exceeds 4,735 mmbtu) and require those end users to procure their natural gas needs from natural gas marketers, including sempra mexico's marketing business, offset by
◦   $13 million higher rates approved by the cre, including $7 million from a regulatory adjustment to rates charged to end users in 2014 through 2016.
our cost of natural gas decreased by $69 million (6%) to $1.1 billion in 2019 primarily due to:
▪   $71 million decrease at socalgas, including $164 million due to lower average natural gas prices, offset by $93 million from higher volumes driven by weather; and
▪   $15 million increase in intercompany eliminations primarily associated with sales between sempra lng and socalgas; offset by
▪   $24 million increase at sdg&amp;e, including $19 million from higher volumes driven by weather and $5 million from higher average natural gas prices.
our cost of natural gas increased by $18 million (2%), remaining at $1.2 billion in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to:
▪   $56 million increase primarily from lower elimination of intercompany costs at sempra mexico; and
▪   $23 million increase at socalgas due to $43 million from higher average gas prices, offset by $20 million from lower volumes driven by weather; offset by
▪   $49 million decrease at sempra mexico primarily associated with the lower revenues at ecogas; and
▪   $12 million decrease at sdg&amp;e primarily due to lower average gas prices.
electric revenues and cost of electric fuel and purchased power our electric revenues increased by $264 million (7%) to $4.3 billion in 2019 primarily attributable to sdg&e, including:
▪   $121 million higher authorized revenue in 2019, including $108 million of revenues to cover liability insurance premium costs that are now balanced and offset in o&amp;m;
▪   $40 million higher revenues from transmission operations, net of a ferc formulaic rate adjustment benefit in 2018;
▪   $34 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, excluding 2019 liability insurance premium costs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m;
▪   $27 million higher finance lease costs, offset by lower cost of electric fuel and purchased power, which we discuss below; and
▪   $21 million charges in 2018 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd.
in 2018 compared to 2017, our electric revenues increased by $70 million (2%) to $4.0 billion primarily attributable to sdg&e, including:
▪   $77 million higher cost of electric fuel and purchased power;
▪   $50 million higher revenues from transmission operations, including the annual ferc formulaic rate adjustment;
▪   $32 million decrease in charges in 2018 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd; and
▪   $32 million increase due to 2018 attrition; offset by
▪   $65 million revenue deferral due to the effect of the tcja;
▪   $39 million revenue deferral related to the songs settlement, which is offset by the discontinuation of amortization; and
▪   $13 million lower cost of capital related to the cpuc base business in 2018.
our utility cost of electric fuel and purchased power decreased by $170 million (13%) to $1.2 billion in 2019, primarily attributable to sdg&e, including:
▪   $103 million of finance lease costs for ppas in 2018. similar amounts are now included in interest expense and depreciation and amortization expense as a result of the 2019 adoption of the lease standard; and
▪   $73 million decrease primarily from lower electricity market cost, offset by an increase primarily due to an additional capacity contract.
our utility cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $65 million (5%) to $1.4 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily attributable to sdg&e, driven primarily by higher gas prices and electricity market costs, partially offset by lower cost of purchased power from renewable sources due to decreased solar and wind production and from lower capacity contract costs.
energy-related businesses: revenues and cost of sales the table below shows revenues and cost of sales for our energy-related businesses.
energy-related businesses: revenues and cost of sales
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2019                                                            2018                        2017
revenues sempra mexico              $1,302                      $1,298                      $1,086
sempra renewables              10                         124                          94
sempra lng                    410                         472                         540
parent and other(2)          (341      )                 (331      )                 (370      )
total revenues             $1,381                      $1,563                      $1,350
cost of sales(1)
sempra mexico                $373                        $363                        $261
sempra lng                    299                         313                         352
parent and other(2)          (328      )                 (319      )                 (322      )
total cost of sales          $344                        $357                        $291
(1)   excludes depreciation and amortization, which are presented separately on the sempra energy consolidated statements of operations.
(2)   includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
revenues from our energy-related businesses decreased by $182 million (12%) to $1.4 billion in 2019 while the related cost of sales for 2019 was comparable to 2018. the decrease in revenues included:
▪   $114 million decrease at sempra renewables primarily due to the sale of assets in december 2018 and april 2019; and
▪   $62 million decrease at sempra lng primarily due to:
◦   $45 million lower natural gas storage revenues primarily due to the sale of storage assets in february 2019,
◦   $15 million from the marketing business due to lower turnback cargo revenues, and
◦   $12 million from lng sales to cameron lng jv in january 2018, offset by
◦   $14 million from natural gas marketing activities primarily due to changes in natural gas prices; offset by
▪   $4 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to:
◦   $23 million from the marketing business, including an increase in volumes due to new regulations that went into effect on march 1, 2018 that require high consumption end users (previously serviced by ecogas and other natural gas utilities) to procure their natural gas needs from natural gas marketers, such as sempra mexico's marketing business, offset by lower natural gas prices, and
◦   $6 million increase primarily due to renewable assets placed in service in 2019, offset by
◦   $27 million lower revenues primarily from force majeure payments that ended on august 22, 2019 with respect to the guaymas-el oro segment of the sonora pipeline.
in 2018 compared to 2017, revenues from our energy-related businesses increased by $213 million (16%) to $1.6 billion. the increase included:
▪   $212 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to:
◦   $84 million from the marketing business, primarily due to new regulations that went into effect on march 1, 2018 and from higher volumes and gas prices,
◦   $69 million at tdm primarily due to the plant outage in 2017 as a result of scheduled major maintenance and higher power prices,
◦   $34 million primarily due to pipeline assets placed in service in the second quarter of 2017, and
◦   $18 million from o&amp;m services provided to the tag jv;
▪   $39 million increase from lower intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng and sempra mexico; and
▪   $30 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018; offset by
▪   $68 million decrease at sempra lng primarily due to:
◦   $98 million costs associated with indemnity payments to sempra mexico in 2018. indemnity payments of $103 million in 2017 were recorded in energy-related businesses cost of sales prior to adoption of asc 606, offset by
◦   $50 million from the marketing business primarily from higher natural gas sales and turnback cargo revenues.
the cost of sales for our energy-related businesses increased by $66 million (23%) to $357 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $102 million at sempra mexico primarily associated with higher revenues from the marketing business as a result of the new regulations that went into effect on march 1, 2018. the increase at sempra mexico was also due to higher volumes in 2018 due to the tdm plant outage in 2017;
▪   $57 million in settlement proceeds received by sempra lng in may 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty, of which $47 million is related to a charge in 2016 from permanent release of pipeline capacity; and
▪   $4 million lower intercompany eliminations of costs between sempra lng and sempra mexico, including $103 million elimination of indemnity payments made by sempra lng in 2017 now recorded as a reduction to energy-related business revenues since adoption of asc 606; offset by
▪   $88 million decrease at sempra lng primarily due to indemnity payments to sempra mexico in 2017 recorded in revenue in 2018 pursuant to adoption of asc 606.
operation and maintenance in the table below, we provide o&m by segment.
operation and maintenance
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2019                                                              2018                  2017
sdg&amp;e(1)                         $1,175                $1,058                $1,024
socalgas                              1,780                 1,613                 1,474
sempra mexico                           256                   239                   234
sempra renewables                        18                    89                    73
sempra lng                              156                   123                   123
parent and other(2)                      81                    28                    19
total operation and maintenance      $3,466                $3,150                $2,947
(1)   excludes $6 million of impairment losses, which we discuss below.
(2)   includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
our o&m increased by $316 million (10%) to $3.5 billion in 2019 primarily due to:
▪   $167 million increase at socalgas, which included:
◦   $105 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs for which costs incurred are recovered in revenue (refundable program expenses), and
◦   $57 million higher non-refundable operating costs, including labor, contract services and administrative and support costs;
▪   $117 million increase at sdg&amp;e which included:
◦   $147 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, including $112 million of 2019 liability insurance premium costs that are now balanced in revenue, and
◦   $12 million amortization of wildfire fund asset, offset by
◦   $46 million lower non-refundable operating costs, including $87 million decrease from liability insurance premium costs for 2018 that were not balanced, offset by $41 million of higher operating costs;
▪   $53 million increase at parent and other primarily from higher deferred compensation expense;
▪   $33 million increase at sempra lng primarily from higher liquefaction development project costs and higher operating costs; and
▪   $17 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to expenses associated with growth in the business and operating lease costs in 2019; offset by
▪   $71 million decrease at sempra renewables primarily due to lower general and administrative and other costs due to the wind-down of the business.
our o&m increased by $203 million (7%) to $3.2 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $139 million increase at socalgas, which included:
◦   $160 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, offset by
◦   $20 million aliso canyon litigation reserves in 2017;
▪   $34 million increase at sdg&amp;e, which included:
◦   $22 million higher non-refundable operating costs, including labor, contract services and administrative and support costs, and
◦   $11 million reimbursement of litigation costs in 2017 associated with the arbitration ruling over the songs replacement steam generators; and
▪   $16 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018 and selling costs associated with the sale of assets.
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset in 2017, sdg&e recorded a $351 million charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with 2007 wildfire costs. we discuss this further in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment losses in 2019, socalgas recognized a $29 million impairment loss related to non-utility native gas assets, and sdg&e and socalgas recognized impairment losses of $6 million and $8 million, respectively, for certain disallowed capital costs in the 2019 grc fd. in 2018, sempra lng recognized a $1.1 billion net impairment loss for certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. in 2017, sempra mexico reduced the carrying value of tdm by recognizing noncash impairment charges of $71 million.
gain on sale of assets in april 2019, sempra renewables recognized a $61 million gain on the sale of its remaining wind assets and investments to aep. in december 2018, sempra renewables recognized a $513 million gain on the sale of all its operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects and its 50% interest in a wind power generation facility to a subsidiary of con ed.
other income, net as part of our central risk management function, we enter into foreign currency derivatives to hedge sempra mexico parent's exposure to movements in the mexican peso from its controlling interest in ienova. the gains/losses associated with these derivatives are included in other income, net, as described below, and partially mitigate the transactional effects of foreign currency and inflation included in income tax (expense) benefit for sempra mexico's consolidated entities and in equity earnings for sempra mexico's equity method investments. we also utilize foreign currency derivatives to hedge exposure to fluctuations in the peruvian sol related to the sale of our operations in peru. we discuss policies governing our risk management below in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
other income, net, increased by $19 million (33%) to $77 million in 2019 primarily due to:
▪   $61 million investment gains in 2019 compared to $6 million investment losses in 2018 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans; and
▪   $54 million higher net gains from interest rate and foreign exchange instruments and foreign currency transactions primarily due to:
◦   $37 million higher gains in 2019 on foreign currency derivatives as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso, and
◦   $30 million foreign currency gains in 2019 compared to $3 million foreign currency losses in 2018 on a mexican peso-denominated loan to img jv, which is offset in equity earnings, offset by
◦   $15 million losses in 2019 on foreign currency derivatives used to hedge exposure to fluctuations in the peruvian sol related to the sale of our operations in peru; offset by
▪   $97 million higher non-service component of net periodic benefit cost in 2019, including $14 million at sdg&amp;e and $62 million at socalgas.
in 2018 compared to 2017, other income, net, decreased by $162 million to $58 million primarily due to:
▪   $70 million decrease in equity-related afudc mainly from completion of pipeline projects at sempra mexico in 2017;
▪   $6 million investment losses in 2018 compared to $56 million investment gains in 2017 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans;
▪   $15 million higher non-service component of net periodic benefit cost in 2018, including $10 million at sdg&amp;e and $5 million at socalgas; and
▪   $13 million lower net gains from interest rate and foreign exchange instruments and foreign currency transactions primarily due to:
◦   $46 million lower gains in 2018 on foreign currency derivatives as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso, offset by
◦   $32 million lower losses in 2018 on a mexican peso-denominated loan to img jv, which is offset in equity earnings.
we provide further details of the components of other income, net, in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the table below shows the income tax expense (benefit) and etrs for sempra energy consolidated, sdg&e and socalgas.
income tax expense (benefit) and effective income tax rates
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                             2018                                             2017
sempra energy consolidated:
income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations                            $315                        $(49      )                 $938
income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings        $1,734                        $714                      $1,248
equity earnings (losses), before income tax(1)                                       30                        (236      )                   34
pretax income                                                                    $1,764                        $478                      $1,282
effective income tax rate                                                            18      %                  (10     )%                   73      %
sdg&amp;e:
income tax expense                                                                 $171                        $173                        $155
income before income taxes                                                         $945                        $849                        $576
effective income tax rate                                                            18      %   20                      %                   27      %
socalgas:
income tax expense                                                                 $120                         $92                        $160
income before income taxes                                                         $762                        $493                        $557
effective income tax rate                                                            16      %   19                      %                   29      %
(1)   we discuss how we recognize equity earnings in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in december 2017, the tcja was signed into law. we recorded the effects of the tcja in 2017 using our best estimates and the information available to us through the date those financial statements were issued. in 2018, we adjusted our 2017 provisional estimates and completed our accounting for the income tax effects of the tcja. to the extent we intend to repatriate cash to the u.s., we have accrued incremental deferred income tax. we discuss the tcja and our indefinite reinvestment assertion further in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy consolidated sempra energy's income tax expense in 2019 compared to an income tax benefit in 2018 was due to higher pretax income and a higher etr. pretax income in 2018 was impacted by the impairments at our sempra lng and sempra renewables segments offset by the gain from sale of assets at sempra renewables. the change in etr was primarily due to:
▪   $131 million income tax benefit in 2018 resulting from the reduced outside basis difference in sempra lng as a result of the impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets; and
▪   $45 million higher income tax expense in 2019 from foreign currency and inflation effects primarily as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso; offset by
▪   $69 million total income tax benefits from the release of regulatory liabilities at sdg&amp;e and socalgas established in connection with 2017 tax reform for excess deferred income tax balances that the cpuc directed be allocated to shareholders in a january 2019 decision;
▪   $41 million income tax expense in 2018 to adjust provisional estimates recorded in 2017 for the effects of tax reform;
▪   $21 million income tax expense in 2018 associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation; and
▪   $10 million income tax benefit in 2019 from a reduction in a valuation allowance against certain nol carryforwards as a result of our decision to sell our south american businesses.
sempra energy's income tax benefit in 2018 compared to an income tax expense in 2017 was due to a lower etr and lower pretax income. pretax income in 2017 was impacted by the write-off of sdg&e's wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $619 million income tax expense in 2017 from the effects of the tcja, as follows:
◦   $437 million related to future repatriation of foreign earnings, including $328 million of u.s. federal income tax expense pertaining to the deemed repatriation tax and $109 million u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax expense on our expected future repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings estimated for deemed repatriation, and
◦   $182 million from remeasurement of our u.s. federal deferred income tax balances from 35% to 21%;
▪   $131 million income tax benefit in 2018 resulting from the reduced outside basis difference in sempra lng as a result of the impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets;
▪   $98 million lower income tax expense from the lower u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $38 million lower income tax expense from foreign currency and inflation effects, as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso; offset by
▪   $41 million income tax expense in 2018 to adjust provisional estimates recorded in 2017 for the effects of tax reform;
▪   $21 million income tax expense in 2018 associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
we report as part of our pretax results the income or loss attributable to nci. however, we do not record income taxes for a portion of this income or loss, as some of our entities with nci are currently treated as partnerships for income tax purposes, and thus we are only liable for income taxes on the portion of the earnings that are allocated to us. our pretax income, however, includes 100% of these entities. as our entities with nci grow, and as we may continue to invest in such entities, the impact on our etr may become more significant.
sdg&e sdg&e's income tax expense decreased in 2019 due to a lower etr partially offset by higher pretax income. the change in etr was primarily due to a $31 million income tax benefit from the release of a regulatory liability established in connection with 2017 tax reform for excess deferred income tax balances that the cpuc directed be allocated to shareholders in a january 2019 decision.
sdg&e's income tax expense increased in 2018 compared to 2017 due to higher pretax income partially offset by a lower etr. the pretax income in 2017 included the $351 million ($208 million after tax) write-off of the wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $119 million lower income tax expense from the lower u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $28 million deferred income tax expense in 2017 from remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax balances from 35% to 21%, primarily from the deferred income tax asset relating to the impairment of the songs steam generator replacement project in prior years; offset by
▪   $19 million lower income tax benefit in 2018 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
socalgas socalgas' income tax expense increased in 2019 due to higher pretax income partially offset by a lower etr. the change in etr was primarily due to:
▪   $38 million income tax benefit from the release of a regulatory liability established in connection with 2017 tax reform for excess deferred income tax balances that the cpuc directed be allocated to shareholders in a january 2019 decision; and
▪   $21 million income tax expense in 2018 associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation.
socalgas' income tax expense decreased in 2018 compared to 2017 due to lower pretax income and a lower etr. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $69 million lower income tax expense from the lower u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate in 2018; offset by
▪   $21 million income tax expense in 2018 associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
equity earnings equity earnings increased by $405 million to $580 million in 2019 primarily due to:
▪   $174 million increase at sempra renewables, including $200 million other-than-temporary impairment of certain wind equity method investments in 2018;
▪   $155 million higher equity earnings, net of income tax, from our investment in oncor holdings, which we acquired in march 2018;
▪   $65 million impairment of our rbs sempra commodities equity method investment in 2018; and
▪   $24 million higher equity earnings from cameron lng jv including:
◦   $50 million increase primarily due to train 1 commencing commercial operation under its tolling agreements in august 2019, offset by
◦   $26 million decrease due to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and associated fees related to the jv's debt refinancing; offset by
▪   $20 million lower equity earnings, net of income tax, from img jv, including $30 million foreign currency losses in 2019 compared to $3 million foreign currency gains in 2018 on its mexican peso-denominated loans from its jv owners, which is fully offset in other income, net.
equity earnings increased by $103 million to $175 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $371 million equity earnings, net of income tax, from our investment in oncor holdings, which we acquired in march 2018; offset by
▪   $200 million other-than-temporary impairment of certain wind equity method investments at sempra renewables in 2018;
▪   $65 million impairment of our rbs sempra commodities equity method investment in 2018; and
▪   $16 million lower equity earnings, net of income tax, from img jv, including $32 million lower foreign currency gains in 2018 on its mexican peso-denominated loans from its jv owners, which is fully offset in other income, net.
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests earnings attributable to nci were $164 million for 2019 compared to $76 million for 2018. the net change of $88 million included:
▪   $1 million earnings attributable to nci at sempra renewables in 2019 compared to $58 million losses in 2018 primarily due to the sales of our tax equity investments in december 2018 and april 2019; and
▪   $36 million losses attributable to nci at sempra lng in 2018 due to the net impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets.
earnings attributable to nci were $76 million for 2018 compared to $94 million for 2017. the net change of $18 million included:
▪   $36 million losses attributable to nci at sempra lng in 2018 due to the net impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets; and
▪   $35 million higher pretax losses attributed to tax equity investors at sempra renewables; offset by
▪   $59 million higher earnings attributable to nci at sempra mexico in 2018.
mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends increased by $17 million (14%) to $142 million in 2019 primarily due to dividends associated with our series b preferred stock, which were issued in july 2018.
in 2018, our board of directors declared dividends of $105 million and $20 million, respectively, on our series a preferred stock and series b preferred stock.
impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations because operations in south america and our natural gas distribution utility in mexico use their local currency as their functional currency, revenues and expenses are translated into u.s. dollars at average exchange rates for the period for consolidation in sempra energy consolidated's results of operations.
foreign currency translation any difference in average exchange rates used for the translation of income statement activity from year to year can cause a variance in sempra energy's comparative results of operations. changes in foreign currency translation rates between years resulted in $8 million lower earnings within discontinued operations in 2019 compared to 2018 and a negligible impact in 2018 compared to 2017.
transactional impacts income statement activities at our foreign operations and their jvs are also impacted by transactional gains and losses. a summary of these foreign currency transactional gains and losses included in our reported results is shown in the table below:
transactional gains (losses) from foreign currency and inflation
(dollars in millions)
total reported amounts                                       transactionalgains (losses) includedin reported amounts years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                               2018                    2017                          2019   2018                                                     2017
other income, net                                                     $77                     $58                    $220                         $55                             $(1       )                     $16
income tax (expense) benefit                                         (315     )                49                    (938     )                   (71       )                     (26       )                     (64       )
equity earnings                                                       580                     175                      72                         (47       )                     (14       )                      12
income from continuing operations, net of income tax                1,999                     938                     382                         (70       )                     (41       )                     (55       )
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax         363                     188                     (31     )                     2           6                                                   2
earnings attributable to common shares                              2,055                     924                     256                         (39       )                     (21       )                     (25       )
foreign currency exchange rate and inflation impacts on income taxes and related hedging activity our mexican subsidiaries have u.s. dollar-denominated cash balances, receivables, payables and debt (monetary assets and liabilities) that are affected by mexican currency exchange rate movements for mexican income tax purposes. they also have deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are significant, denominated in the mexican peso that must be translated to u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. in addition, monetary assets and liabilities and certain nonmonetary assets and liabilities are adjusted for mexican inflation for mexican income tax purposes. as a result, fluctuations in both the currency exchange rate for the mexican peso against the u.s. dollar and mexican inflation may expose us to fluctuations in income tax expense, other income, net and equity earnings. we use foreign currency derivatives as a means to manage exposure to the currency exchange rate on our monetary assets and liabilities. however, we generally do not hedge our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which makes us susceptible to volatility in income tax expense caused by exchange rate fluctuations and inflation. the derivative activity impacts other income, net.
we also utilize foreign currency derivatives to hedge exposure to fluctuation in the peruvian sol related to the sale of our operations in peru in discontinued operations.
other transactions although the financial statements of most of our mexican subsidiaries and jvs have the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, some transactions may be denominated in the local currency; such transactions are remeasured into u.s. dollars. this remeasurement creates transactional gains and losses that are included in other income, net, for our consolidated subsidiaries and in equity earnings for our jvs.
we utilize cross-currency swaps that exchange our mexican peso-denominated principal and interest payments into the u.s. dollar and swap mexican variable interest rates for u.s. fixed interest rates. the impacts of these cross-currency swaps are offset in oci and are reclassified from aoci into earnings through other income, net and interest expense as settlements occur.
certain of our mexican pipeline projects (namely los ramones i at ienova pipelines and los ramones norte within our tag jv) generate revenue based on tariffs that are set by government agencies in mexico, with contracts denominated in mexican pesos that are indexed to the u.s. dollar, adjusted annually for inflation and fluctuation in the exchange rate. the resultant gains and losses from remeasuring the local currency amounts into u.s. dollars and the settlement of foreign currency forwards and swaps related to these contracts are included in revenues: energy-related businesses or equity earnings.
capital resources and liquidity overview
72
we expect to meet our cash requirements through cash flows from operations, unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from recent and planned asset sales, borrowings under our credit facilities, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including partnering in jvs. we believe that these cash flow sources, combined with available funds, will be adequate to fund our current operations, including to:
▪   finance capital expenditures
▪   meet liquidity requirements
▪   fund dividends
▪   fund new business or asset acquisitions or start-ups
▪   fund capital contribution requirements
▪   repay maturing long-term debt
▪   fund expenditures related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility sempra energy and the california utilities currently have ready access to the long-term debt markets and are not currently constrained in their ability to borrow at reasonable rates. however, changing economic conditions, our financing activities and actions by credit rating agencies, as well as many other factors, could negatively affect the availability and cost of both short-term and long-term financing. also, cash flows from operations may be impacted by the timing of commencement and completion and, potentially, cost overruns of large projects. if cash flows from operations were to be significantly reduced or we were unable to borrow under acceptable terms, we would likely first reduce or postpone discretionary capital expenditures (not related to safety) and investments in new businesses. we monitor our ability to finance the needs of our operating, investing and financing activities in a manner consistent with our intention to maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
we have significant investments in several trusts to provide for future payments of pensions and other postretirement benefits, and nuclear decommissioning. changes in asset values, which are dependent on the activity in the equity and fixed income markets, have not affected the trust funds' abilities to make required payments. however, changes in asset values, along with a number of other factors such as changes to discount rates, assumed rates of return, mortality tables, and regulations, may impact funding requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit plans and sdg&e's ndt. at the california utilities, funding requirements are generally recoverable in rates.
available funds our lines of credit provide liquidity and support commercial paper. as we discuss in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, sempra energy, sempra global, sdg&e and socalgas each have five-year revolving credit agreements expiring in 2024. these credit agreements replaced the credit agreements that were set to expire in 2020. the table below shows the amount of available funds at december 31, 2019, including available unused credit on these primary u.s. credit facilities. in addition, ienova has $1.9 billion in lines of credit, with approximately $706 million available unused credit at december 31, 2019.
available funds at december 31, 2019
(dollars in millions)
sempra energyconsolidated              sdg&amp;e               socalgas unrestricted cash and cash equivalents(1)   $108                                   $10                     $10
available unused credit(2)(3)               4,351                                  1,420             120
(1)   amounts at sempra energy consolidated include $60 million held in non-u.s. jurisdictions. we discuss repatriation in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(2)   available unused credit is the total available on sempra energy's, sempra global's, sdg&amp;e's and socalgas' credit facilities that we discuss in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(3)   because the commercial paper programs are supported by these lines, we reflect the amount of commercial paper outstanding as a reduction to the available unused credit.
short-term borrowings we use short-term debt primarily to meet liquidity requirements, fund shareholder dividends, and temporarily finance capital expenditures, acquisitions or start-ups. our corporate short-term, unsecured promissory notes, or commercial paper, were our primary sources of short-term debt funding in 2019. our california utilities use short-term debt primarily to meet working capital needs.
the following table shows selected statistics for our commercial paper borrowings for 2019:
73
commercial paper statistics
(dollars in millions)
sempra energy consolidated             sdg&amp;e           socalgas amount outstanding at december 31, 2019                                $2,334                        $80                $630
weighted-average interest rate at december 31, 2019                     2.062          %           1.965     %         1.864    %
maximum month-end amount outstanding during 2019(1)                    $3,061                       $405                $630
monthly weighted-average amount outstanding during 2019                $2,243                       $127                $196
monthly weighted-average interest rate during 2019                      2.618          %           2.736     %         2.165    %
(1)   the largest amount outstanding at the end of the last day of any month during the year.
credit ratings the credit ratings of sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas remained at investment grade levels in 2019.
credit ratings at december 31, 2019
sempra energy                  sdg&amp;e                      socalgas moody's             baa1 with a negative outlook   baa1 with a positive outlook   a1 with a negative outlook s&amp;p             bbb+ with a negative outlook   bbb+ with a stable outlook     a with a negative outlook fitch               bbb+ with a stable outlook     bbb+ with a stable outlook     a with a stable outlook a downgrade of sempra energy's or any of its subsidiaries' credit ratings or rating outlooks may result in a requirement for collateral to be posted in the case of certain financing arrangements and may materially and adversely affect the market prices of their equity and debt securities, the rates at which borrowings are made and commercial paper is issued, and the various fees on their outstanding credit facilities. this could make it more costly for sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas and sempra energy's other subsidiaries to issue debt securities, to borrow under credit facilities and to raise certain other types of financing. we provide additional information about our credit ratings at sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas in "item 1a. risk factors."
sempra energy has agreed that, if the credit rating of oncor's senior secured debt by any of the three major rating agencies falls below bbb (or the equivalent), oncor will suspend dividends and other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), unless otherwise allowed by the puct. oncor's senior secured debt was rated a2, a+ and a at moody's, s&p and fitch, respectively, at december 31, 2019.
sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas have committed lines of credit to provide liquidity and to support commercial paper. borrowings under these facilities bear interest at benchmark rates plus a margin that varies with market index rates and each borrower's credit rating. each facility also requires a commitment fee on available unused credit that may be impacted by each borrower's credit rating. depending on the severity of the downgrade:
▪   if sempra energy were to experience a ratings downgrade from its current level, the rate at which borrowings bear interest would increase by 25 to 50 bps. the commitment fee on available unused credit would also increase 5 to 10 bps.
▪   if sdg&amp;e were to experience a ratings downgrade from its current level, the rate at which borrowings bear interest would increase by 25 to 50 bps. the commitment fee on available unused credit would also increase 5 to 10 bps.
▪   if socalgas were to experience a ratings downgrade from its current level, the rate at which borrowings bear interest would increase by 12.5 to 25 bps. the commitment fee on available unused credit would also increase 2.5 to 5 bps.
sempra energy's and sdg&e's credit ratings also may affect their respective credit limits related to derivative instruments, as we discuss in note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
loans to/from affiliates at december 31, 2019, sempra energy had a $742 million loan to an unconsolidated affiliate and $195 million of loans from unconsolidated affiliates.
california utilities sdg&e's and socalgas' operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. their future performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace. from 2020 through 2024, sdg&e expects to make capital expenditures of approximately $8.9 billion and socalgas expects to make capital expenditures of approximately $9.0 billion for transmission and distribution improvements, including pipeline and wildfire safety. these amounts are estimates and the actual amounts of capital expenditures may differ, perhaps substantially.
sdg&e and socalgas expect that the available unused credit from their credit facilities described above, cash flows from operations, and debt issuances will continue to be adequate to fund their respective operations and capital expenditures. the california utilities manage their capital structure and pay dividends when appropriate and as approved by their respective boards of directors.
as we discuss in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, changes in balancing accounts for significant costs at sdg&e and socalgas, particularly a change between over- and undercollected status, including commodity and transportation balancing accounts, may have a significant impact on cash flows. these changes generally represent the difference between when costs are incurred and when they are ultimately recovered in rates through billings to customers.
sdg&e wildfire fund on july 12, 2019, the governor of california signed into law the wildfire legislation, which addresses certain important issues related to catastrophic wildfires in the state of california and their impact on electric ious. we describe the wildfire legislation and related accounting treatment in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the wildfire legislation established the wildfire fund to provide liquidity to sdg&e, pg&e and edison to pay iou wildfire-related claims in the event that the governmental agency responsible for determining causation determines the applicable iou's equipment caused the ignition of a wildfire, the primary insurance coverage is exceeded and certain other conditions are satisfied. the primary purpose of the wildfire fund is to pool resources provided by shareholders and ratepayers of the ious and make those resources available to reimburse the ious for third-party wildfire claims incurred after july 12, 2019, the effective date of the wildfire legislation, subject to certain limitations.
sdg&e recorded a wildfire fund asset for committed shareholder contributions to the wildfire fund. sdg&e is exposed to the risk that any california electric iou may incur third-party wildfire claims for which they will seek recovery from the wildfire fund. in such a situation, sdg&e may recognize a reduction of its wildfire fund asset and record a charge against earnings in the period when there is a reduction of the available coverage due to recoverable claims from the ious. as a result, if any california electric iou's equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire, it could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's financial condition and results of operation up to the carrying value of our wildfire fund asset. in addition, the wildfire fund could be completely exhausted due to fires in the other california electric ious' service territories, by fires in sdg&e's service territory or by a combination thereof. in the event that the wildfire fund is materially diminished, exhausted or terminated, sdg&e will lose the protection afforded by the wildfire fund, and as a consequence, a fire in sdg&e's service territory could cause a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
socalgas socalgas' performance will also depend on the resolution of legal, regulatory and other matters concerning the leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, which we discuss below, in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, and in "item 1a. risk factors."
aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak in october 2015, socalgas discovered a leak at one of its injection-and-withdrawal wells, ss25, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility located in los angeles county. in february 2016, calgem confirmed that the well was permanently sealed. see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for discussions of "civil and criminal litigation" and "regulatory proceedings."
cost estimates, accounting impacts and insurance. at december 31, 2019, socalgas estimates its costs related to the leak are $1,116 million (the cost estimate). this estimate may rise significantly as more information becomes available. approximately
51% of the cost estimate is for the temporary relocation program (including cleaning costs and certain labor costs). a substantial portion of the cost estimate has been paid, and $9 million is accrued as reserve for aliso canyon costs and $7 million is accrued in deferred credits and other as of december 31, 2019 on socalgas' and sempra energy's consolidated balance sheets.
except for the amounts paid or estimated to settle certain actions, the cost estimate does not include litigation or regulatory costs as it is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these actions or reasonably estimate the costs to defend or resolve the actions or the amount of damages, restitution, or civil, administrative or criminal fines, sanctions, penalties or other costs or remedies that may be imposed or incurred, which could be significant. the cost estimate also does not include certain other costs incurred by sempra energy associated with defending against shareholder derivative lawsuits and other potential costs that we currently do not anticipate incurring or that we cannot reasonably estimate.
excluding directors' and officers' liability insurance, we have at least four kinds of insurance policies that together we estimate provide between $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in insurance coverage, depending on the nature of the claims. we have received insurance payments for many of the costs, including temporary relocation and associated processing costs, control-of-well expenses, costs of the government-ordered response to the leak, legal costs and lost gas. we intend to pursue the full extent of our insurance coverage for the costs we have incurred or may incur. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional insurance recovery for these costs. if any costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there are significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2019, we recorded the expected recovery of the cost estimate related to the leak of $339 million as insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs on socalgas' and sempra energy's consolidated balance sheets. this amount is net of insurance retentions and $747 million of insurance proceeds we received through december 31, 2019. if we were to conclude that this receivable or a portion of it is no longer probable of recovery from insurers, some or all of this receivable would be charged against earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural gas storage operations and reliability. natural gas withdrawn from storage is important for service reliability during peak demand periods, including peak electric generation needs in the summer and heating needs in the winter. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility is the largest socalgas storage facility and an important element of socalgas' delivery system. as a result of the leak, socalgas suspended injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility beginning in october 2015 and, following a comprehensive safety review and authorization by calgem and the cpuc's executive director, resumed limited injection operations in july 2017.
during the suspension period, socalgas advised the california iso, cec, cpuc and phmsa of its concerns that the inability to inject natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility posed a risk to energy reliability in southern california. the cpuc has issued a series of directives to socalgas specifying the range of working gas to be maintained in the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility as well as protocols for the withdrawal of gas, to help ensure safe and reliable natural gas service, while helping to maintain stable energy prices in southern california. limited withdrawals of natural gas from the facility were made in 2018 and 2019 to augment natural gas supplies during critical demand periods.
if the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were to be permanently closed, or if future cash flows were otherwise insufficient to recover its carrying value, it could result in an impairment of the facility and significantly higher than expected operating costs and/or additional capital expenditures, and natural gas reliability and electric generation could be jeopardized. at december 31, 2019, the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility had a net book value of $769 million. any significant impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas may not be recoverable in customer rates, and socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
sempra texas utilities oncor's business is capital intensive, and it relies on external financing as a significant source of liquidity for its capital requirements. from 2020 through 2024, oncor expects to make capital expenditures of approximately $11.9 billion to meet the projected growth within its service territory, of which approximately $9.5 billion represents our proportionate ownership share. we expect oncor will fund approximately $8.8 billion of these capital expenditures and sempra energy will fund approximately $0.7 billion through capital contributions to oncor. these amounts are estimates and the actual amounts of capital expenditures and investments may differ, perhaps substantially. in the past, oncor has financed a substantial portion of its cash needs from operations and with proceeds from indebtedness. in the event that oncor fails to meet its capital requirements, we may be required to make additional capital contributions to oncor, or if oncor is unable to access sufficient capital to finance its ongoing needs, we may elect to make additional capital contributions to oncor which could be substantial and which would reduce the cash available to us for other purposes, could increase our indebtedness and could ultimately materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects. in that regard, our commitments to the puct prohibit us from making loans to oncor. as a result, if oncor requires additional financing and cannot obtain it from other sources, we may elect to make a capital contribution to oncor.
oncor's ability to pay dividends may be limited by factors such as its credit ratings, regulatory capital requirements, debt-to-equity ratio approved by the puct and other restrictions. in addition, oncor will not pay dividends if a majority of oncor's independent directors or any minority member director determines it is in the best interests of oncor to retain such amounts to meet expected future requirements.
sempra mexico sempra mexico is currently building terminals for the receipt, storage, and delivery of liquid fuels in the new port of veracruz and vicinity of mexico city, puebla, topolobampo, manzanillo, and ensenada. sempra mexico is also developing new solar facilities in juárez, chihuahua, and benjamin hill, sonora, through which it will supply renewable energy to several private companies. we expect the projects to commence commercial operation on various dates in 2020 and 2021. from 2020 through 2024, sempra mexico and its unconsolidated jv's expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $2.0 billion, which represents our proportionate ownership share before nci. we expect sempra mexico's unconsolidated jv's will fund approximately $0.1 billion of these capital expenditures, which represents our proportionate ownership share, and sempra mexico will fund approximately $1.9 billion. these amounts are estimates and the actual amounts of capital expenditures and investments may differ, perhaps substantially. we expect to fund these capital expenditures and investments, operations and dividends at ienova with available funds, including credit facilities, and funds internally generated by the sempra mexico businesses, as well as funds from project financing, sales of securities, interim funding from the parent or affiliates, and partnering in jvs.
in 2019, 2018 and 2017, ienova paid dividends of $73 million, $71 million and $67 million, respectively, to its minority shareholders.
ienova's shareholders approved ienova's repurchases of its own shares up to a maximum amount of $250 million. repurchases shall not exceed ienova's total net profits, including retained earnings, as stated in its financial statements. in 2019, ienova repurchased 2,620,000 shares of its outstanding common stock held by nci for approximately $10 million, resulting in an increase in sempra energy's ownership interest in ienova from 66.5% to 66.6% as of december 31, 2019.
as we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, ienova has received force majeure payments for the guaymas-el oro segment of the sonora pipeline from august 2017 to august 2019, after damage to that segment of the pipeline made it inoperable and a court order prevented repairs to put the pipeline back in service. in july 2019, the cfe filed a request for arbitration generally to nullify certain contract terms that provide for fixed capacity payments in instances of force majeure and made a demand for substantial damages in connection with the force majeure event. in september 2019, the arbitration process ended when ienova and the cfe reached an agreement to modify the tariff structure and extend the term of the contract for 10 years. under the revised agreement, the cfe will resume making payments only when the damaged section of the guaymas-el oro segment of the sonora pipeline is repaired. if the pipeline is not repaired by may 15, 2020 and the parties do not agree on a new service start date, ienova retains the right to terminate the contract and seek to recover its reasonable and documented costs and lost profits. if ienova is unable to make such repairs (which have not commenced) and resume operations in the guaymas-el oro segment of the sonora pipeline or if ienova terminates the contract and is unable to obtain recovery, there may be a material adverse impact on sempra energy's results of operations and cash flows and our ability to recover the carrying value of our investment.
the ability to successfully complete major construction projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, see "item 1a. risk factors."
sempra lng sempra lng develops and builds natural gas liquefaction facilities and is pursuing the development of five strategically located lng projects in north america with a long-term goal of delivering natural gas to the largest world markets. we expect sempra lng to require funding for the development and expansion of its portfolio of projects, which may be financed through a combination of operating cash flow, funding from the parent, project financing and partnering in jvs, including its jv partnership with ienova in eca lng jv. from 2020 through 2024, sempra lng and its unconsolidated jv expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $2.4 billion, which represents our proportionate ownership share before nci. we expect sempra lng's unconsolidated jv will fund approximately $0.1 billion of these capital expenditures, which represents our proportionate ownership share, and sempra lng will fund approximately $2.3 billion. these amounts are estimates and the actual amounts of capital expenditures and investments may differ, perhaps substantially. these capital expenditures are primarily for construction of the proposed mid-scale liquefaction project at eca lng jv, which we discuss below.
north american natural gas prices, when in decline, negatively affect profitability at sempra lng. also, a reduction in projected global demand for lng could result in increased competition among those developing projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored lng export initiatives. for a discussion of these risks and other risks involving changing commodity prices, see "item 1a. risk factors."
cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction project sempra lng, through its interest in cameron lng jv, is constructing a three-train natural gas liquefaction export facility with an expected export capability of 12 mtpa of lng. construction on the three-train liquefaction project began in the second half of 2014 under an epc contract with a jv between cb&i, llc (as assignee of cb&i shaw constructors, inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of mcdermott international, inc., and chiyoda international corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of chiyoda corporation. the majority of the construction is project-financed at the jv, with most or all of the remainder of the capital requirements provided by the project partners, including sempra energy, through equity contributions under the project equity agreements. we expect that our remaining equity requirements to complete the project will be met by a combination of our share of cash generated from each liquefaction train as it comes on line and, if required, additional cash contributions. sempra energy signed guarantees for 50.2% of cameron lng jv's financing obligations for a maximum amount of up to $4.0 billion. the guarantees will terminate upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including all three trains achieving financial completion by september 30, 2021 (with up to an additional 365 days extension beyond such date permitted in cases of force majeure). however, if cameron lng jv fails to satisfy the financial completion criteria, a demand could be made under the guarantee for sempra energy's 50.2% of cameron lng jv's obligations under the financing arrangements then due and payable.
in august 2019, commercial operation of train 1 commenced under cameron lng jv's tolling agreements. in february 2020, train 2 reached substantial completion and we expect to commence commercial operation in the coming days. based on a number of factors, we believe it is reasonable to expect train 3 will commence commercial operation in the third quarter of 2020. these factors include, among others, the epc contractor's progress to date, the current commissioning activities, the remaining work to be performed, the project schedules received from the epc contractor, cameron lng jv's own review of the project schedules, the assumptions underlying such schedules, and the inherent risks in constructing and testing facilities such as the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility.
large-scale construction projects like the design, development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including among others, the potential for unforeseen engineering challenges, severe weather events, substantial construction delays and increased costs. in addition, once completed, the facility may be subject to design flaws, equipment failures and other operational issues, which could cause the facility to suspend operations or operate at a reduced capacity.
cameron lng jv has a lump-sum, turnkey epc contract, and if the contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, the project could face substantial construction delays and potentially significantly increased costs. in january 2020, mcdermott international, inc. filed for bankruptcy protection under chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptcy code. mcdermott international, inc. has stated that it expects all of its projects, including the three-train liquefaction project at cameron lng jv, to continue on an uninterrupted basis. however, we cannot be certain the cameron lng jv project will not be interrupted. if the contractor defaults under the epc contract due to the bankruptcy of mcdermott international, inc. or for any other reason, such default could result in cameron lng jv's engagement of a substitute contractor. the inability to complete the project in a timely manner or within our current expectations, cost overruns, and the other risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, credit ratings and/or prospects.
for a discussion of our investment in cameron lng jv, jv financing, sempra energy guarantees, the risks discussed above and other risks relating to the development of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project that could adversely affect our future performance, see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and "item 1a. risk factors."
proposed cameron liquefaction expansion cameron lng jv has received the major permits and fta and non-fta approvals necessary to expand the current configuration of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project from the current three liquefaction trains under construction. the proposed expansion project includes up to two additional liquefaction trains and up to two additional full containment lng storage tanks (one of which was permitted with the original three-train project).
expansion of the cameron lng liquefaction facility beyond the first three trains is subject to certain restrictions and conditions under the jv project financing agreements, including among others, timing restrictions on expansion of the project unless appropriate prior consent is obtained from the project lenders. under the cameron lng jv equity agreements, the expansion of the project requires the unanimous consent of all the partners, including with respect to the equity investment obligation of each partner. discussions among all the cameron lng jv partners have been taking place regarding how an expansion may be structured and we expect that discussions will continue. there can be no assurance that a mutually agreeable expansion structure will be agreed upon unanimously by the cameron lng jv members, which if not accomplished in a timely manner, could materially and adversely impact the development of the expansion project. in light of this, we are unable to predict whether or when cameron lng jv might be able to move forward on expansion of the cameron lng liquefaction facility beyond the first three trains.
in november 2018, sempra energy and total s.a. entered into an mou that provides a framework for cooperation for the development of the potential cameron lng expansion project and the potential eca lng jv liquefaction-export project that we describe below in "eca lng jv liquefaction project." the mou contemplates total s.a. potentially contracting for up to approximately 9 mtpa of lng offtake across these two development projects and provides total s.a. the option to acquire an equity interest in the proposed eca lng jv project. in addition, in october 2019, sempra energy and mitsui & co., ltd. entered into an mou that provides a framework for potential offtake by mitsui & co., ltd. from the potential cameron lng expansion project and the second phase of the potential eca lng jv project, as well as mitsui & co., ltd.'s potential acquisition of an equity interest in the second phase of the potential eca lng jv project. the ultimate participation of total s.a. and mitsui & co., ltd. remains subject to negotiation and finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors, and total s.a. and mitsui & co., ltd. have no commitment to participate in the projects.
eca lng jv liquefaction project through a jv agreement, sempra lng and ienova are developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project at ienova's existing eca lng regasification terminal. the proposed liquefaction facility project, which is planned for development in two phases (a mid-scale project referred to as eca lng jv phase 1 and a large-scale project referred to as eca lng jv phase 2), is being developed to provide buyers with direct access to west coast lng supplies. the eca lng regasification facility currently has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100% of the regasification facility's capacity through 2028, making the decisions on whether and how to pursue the eca lng jv phase 2 liquefaction project dependent in part on whether the investment in a large-scale liquefaction facility would, over the long term, be more beneficial financially than continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
in march 2019, eca lng jv received two authorizations from the doe to export u.s.-produced natural gas to mexico and to re-export lng to non-fta countries from its eca lng jv phase 1 and eca lng jv phase 2 projects in development.
in june 2018, we selected a technipfmc plc and kiewit corporation partnership as the epc contractor for eca lng jv phase 1, subject to reaching a definitive agreement. in the coming days, we expect to sign a lump-sum, turn-key epc contract with technipfmc for the engineering, procurement and construction of a one-train natural gas liquefaction export facility with a nameplate capacity of 3.25 mtpa and offtake capacity of 2.5 mtpa. if entered into, we will have no obligation to move forward on the epc contract, and we may release technipfmc to perform portions of the work pursuant to limited notices to proceed. we plan to fully release technipfmc to perform all the work to construct eca lng jv phase 1 only after we reach a final investment decision with respect to the project, which we expect to make in the first quarter of 2020, and after certain other conditions are met. kiewit corporation, which we previously expected to be part of the epc contractor jv, may be a sub-contractor to technipfmc, subject to the terms of the epc contract. the total price of the epc contract for eca lng jv phase 1 is estimated at approximately $1.5 billion. we estimate that capital expenditures for eca lng jv phase 1 will approximate $1.9 billion, including capitalized interest and project contingency. the actual cost of the epc contract and the actual amount of these capital expenditures may differ, perhaps substantially, from our estimates.
in november 2018, sempra lng and ienova signed heads of agreements with affiliates of total s.a., mitsui & co., ltd. and tokyo gas co., ltd. for eca lng jv phase 1. each heads of agreement for eca lng jv phase 1 contemplates the parties negotiating definitive 20-year lng sales and purchase agreements for the purchase of approximately 0.8 mtpa of lng from the eca lng jv facility, but does not obligate the parties to ultimately execute any agreements or participate in the project. the ultimate participation of total s.a., mitsui & co., ltd. and tokyo gas co., ltd. in the potential eca lng jv phase 1 project as contemplated by the heads of agreements signed in november 2018 remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors, and none of these parties has committed to participate in this project.
the development of the eca lng jv phase 1 and eca lng jv phase 2 projects is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including obtaining binding customer commitments; the receipt of a number of permits and regulatory approvals; obtaining financing; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including definitive epc contracts, equity acquisition and governance agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply and transportation agreements; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with this potential investment. in addition, as we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, an unfavorable decision on certain property disputes and permit challenges could materially and adversely affect the development of these projects. for a discussion of these risks, see "item 1a. risk factors."
port arthur lng liquefaction project sempra lng is developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project on a greenfield site that it owns in the vicinity of port arthur, texas, located along the sabine-neches waterway. sempra lng received authorizations from the doe in august 2015 and may 2019 that collectively permit the lng to be produced from the proposed port arthur lng project to be exported to all current and future fta and non-fta countries.
in april 2019, the ferc approved the siting, construction and operation of the first phase of the proposed port arthur lng liquefaction facility, along with certain natural gas pipelines, including the louisiana connector pipeline, that could be used to supply feed gas to the liquefaction facility, assuming the project is completed. we expect to make a final investment decision in the third quarter of 2020.
in june 2018, we selected bechtel as the epc contractor for the proposed port arthur lng liquefaction project, subject to reaching a definitive agreement. we are in the final stages of negotiating and finalizing a definitive epc contract for the project. if we execute the epc contract, we will have no obligation to move forward on the epc contract, and we may release bechtel to perform portions of the work pursuant to limited notices to proceed. we plan to fully release bechtel to perform all the work to construct the port arthur lng liquefaction project only after we reach a final investment decision with respect to the project and after certain other conditions are met, including project financing. the potential epc contract contemplates the construction of two liquefaction trains with a total nameplate capacity of 13.5 mtpa and a total offtake capacity of approximately 10 mtpa.
in december 2018, polish oil & gas company (pgnig) and port arthur lng entered into a definitive 20-year agreement for the sale and purchase of 2 mtpa of lng per year from the port arthur lng liquefaction project. under the agreement, lng purchases by pgnig from port arthur lng will be made on a free-on-board basis, with pgnig responsible for shipping the lng from the port arthur facility to the final destination. port arthur lng will manage the gas pipeline transportation, liquefaction processing and cargo loading. the agreement is subject to certain conditions precedent, including port arthur lng making a positive final investment decision within certain agreed timelines. the failure of these conditions precedent to be satisfied or waived within the agreed timelines can result in the termination of the agreement.
in may 2019, aramco services company and sempra lng signed a heads of agreement for the negotiation and finalization of a definitive 20-year lng sale and purchase agreement for 5 mtpa of lng offtake. the heads of agreement also includes the negotiation and finalization of a 25% equity investment in the project. in january 2020, aramco services company and sempra lng signed an interim project participation agreement, which sets forth certain mechanisms for the parties to work towards receipt of corporate approvals to enter into and proceed with the transaction, execution of the transaction agreements and the fulfillment or waiver of the conditions precedent contemplated by these agreements, making a final investment decision and other pre-final investment decision activities. the heads of agreement and interim project participation agreement do not obligate the parties to ultimately execute any agreements or participate in the project.
in february 2020, sempra lng filed a ferc application for the siting, construction and operation of a second phase at the proposed port arthur lng facility, including the potential addition of two liquefaction trains.
in november 2019, port arthur lng commenced the relocation and upgrade of approximately three miles of highway where the port arthur lng liquefaction project would be located.
development of the port arthur lng liquefaction project is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including obtaining additional customer commitments; completing the required commercial agreements, such as equity acquisitions and governance agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply and transportation agreements; completing construction contracts; securing all necessary permits and approvals; obtaining financing and incentives; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with the potential investment. for a discussion of these risks, see "item 1a. risk factors."
discontinued operations as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in january 2019, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our south american businesses. in september 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell our equity interests in our peruvian businesses for an aggregate base purchase price of $3.59 billion, subject to customary closing adjustments for working capital and changes in net indebtedness. in october 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell our equity interests in our chilean businesses for an aggregate base purchase price of $2.23 billion, subject to customary adjustments for working capital and changes in net indebtedness and other adjustments. we expect the sales to close in the first half of 2020.
our utilities in south america have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. we intend to use the proceeds from the sales to focus on capital investment in north america to support additional growth opportunities and strengthen our balance sheet by reducing debt. we expect the cash provided by earnings from our capital investment will exceed the absence of cash flows from these discontinued operations. however, there can be no assurance that we will derive these anticipated benefits. further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to redeploy the capital that we obtain from such sales, if completed, in a way that would result in cash flows or earnings exceeding those historically generated by these businesses.
sources and uses of cash the following tables include only significant changes in cash flow activities for each of our registrants.
cash flows from operating activities
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,                                                                                                                               sempra energy consolidated              sdg&amp;e              socalgas
2019                                                                                                                                                            $3,088                      $1,090                   $868
2018                                                                                                                                                             3,516                       1,584                  1,013
change                                                                                                                                                           $(428          )            $(494     )            $(145    )
change in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts in regulatory assets)                                                    $(513          )            $(254     )            $(259    )
sdg&amp;e's initial shareholder contribution to the wildfire fund in september 2019                                                                               (323          )             (323     )
change in income taxes receivable/payable, net, primarily due to higherpayments                                                                                   (254          )             (149     )             (170    )
net decrease in reserve for aliso canyon costs due to $119 higher payments and $81 lower accruals                                                                 (200          )                                    (200    )
deferred revenue due to the tcja at the california utilities in 2018                                                                                              (123          )              (62     )              (61    )
cash payments for operating leases in 2019                                                                                                                        (101          )              (33     )              (27    )
decrease in interest payable primarily due to higher payments                                                                                                      (86          )
higher contributions to rabbi trust                                                                                                                                (81          )
higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings                                                                                                 442                         266                    336
change in intercompany activities with discontinued operations (including $334 dividends received from our south american businesses)                              308
change in long-term ghg obligations                                                                                                                                185                                                174
net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs due to $84 higher insurance proceeds received and $81 lower accruals                                   165                                                165
higher distributions of earnings from oncor holdings                                                                                                                97
change in accounts payable                                                                                                                                                                                            (78    )
lower (higher) purchases of ghg allowances                                                                                                                                                      50                    (43    )
other                                                                                                                                                              (38          )               11                     18
change in net cash flows from discontinued operations                                                                                                               94
$(428          )            $(494     )            $(145    )
years ended december 31,                                                                                                                               sempra energy consolidated              sdg&amp;e              socalgas
2018                                                                                                                                                            $3,516                      $1,584                 $1,013
2017                                                                                                                                                             3,625                       1,547                  1,306
change                                                                                                                                                           $(109          )              $37                  $(293    )
lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings                                                                                                $(344          )             $(22     )
net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs primarily due to $203 lower insurance proceeds received and $30 higher accruals                       (231          )                                   $(231    )
change in accounts receivable                                                                                                                                     (174          )              106                   (159    )
higher purchases of ghg allowances                                                                                                                                (161          )              (81     )              (64    )
change in income taxes receivable/payable, net                                                                                                                     166                        (113     )
change in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts in regulatory assets)                                                      152                         152
distributions of earnings from oncor holdings                                                                                                                      149
deferred revenue due to the tcja at the california utilities in 2018                                                                                               143                          75                     68
change in interest payable                                                                                                                                          80
change in intercompany activities with discontinued operations (including $69 dividends received from our peruvian businesses)                                      62
change in accounts payable                                                                                                                                                                     (76     )
change in inventory                                                                                                                                                 74                                                 64
other                                                                                                                                                              (35          )               (4     )               29
change in net cash flows from discontinued operations                                                                                                               10
$(109          )              $37                  $(293    )
82
cash flows from investing activities
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,                                                                                                                      sempra energy consolidated        sdg&amp;e              socalgas
2019                                                                                                                                                  $(4,593          )        $(1,522     )          $(1,438     )
2018                                                                                                                                                  (12,470          )        (1,542      )          (1,531      )
change                                                                                                                                                 $7,877                   $20                    $93
acquisition of investment in oncor holdings in march 2018                                                                                              $9,556
dividends received from peruvian businesses in discontinued operations                                                                                    583
dividends received from chilean businesses in discontinued operations                                                                                     394
net proceeds from sale of sempra lng's non-utility natural gas storage assets                                                                             322
lower expenditures for investments in cameron lng jv and img jv                                                                                           245
lower advances to unconsolidated affiliates                                                                                                                79
higher contributions to oncor holdings primarily to fund oncor's purchase of infrareit in may 2019                                                     (1,357          )
lower net proceeds from sale of certain sempra renewables' assets and investments ($569 in 2019 and $1,571 in 2018)                                    (1,002          )
contributions to peruvian businesses in discontinued operations                                                                                          (583          )
contributions to chilean businesses in discontinued operations                                                                                           (394          )
(increase) decrease in capital expenditures                                                                                                              (164          )        $20                    $99
acquisition of investment in sharyland holdings in may 2019                                                                                               (95          )
other                                                                                                                                                      40                                          (6          )
change in net cash flows from discontinued operations                                                                                                     253
$7,877                   $20                    $93
years ended december 31,                                                                                                                      sempra energy consolidated        sdg&amp;e              socalgas
2018                                                                                                                                                 $(12,470          )        $(1,542     )          $(1,531     )
2017                                                                                                                                                   (4,885          )        (1,515      )          (1,363      )
change                                                                                                                                                $(7,585          )        $(27        )          $(168       )
increase in expenditures for investments and acquisitions primarily for the march 2018 acquisition of investment in oncor holdings                    $(9,899          )
net proceeds from the december 2018 sale of certain sempra renewables' assets and investments                                                           1,571
lower advances to unconsolidated affiliates                                                                                                               410
decrease (increase) in capital expenditures                                                                                                               161                                          $(171       )
other                                                                                                                                                       1                   $(27        )     3
change in net cash flows from discontinued operations                                                                                                     171
$(7,585          )        $(27        )          $(168       )
83
cash flows from financing activities
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        sempra energy consolidated              sdg&amp;e            socalgas
2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $1,475                        $405                 $562
2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      8,850                         (34     )            528
change                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $(7,375          )             $439                  $34
higher issuances of long-term debt in 2018, including increases at sempra energy consolidated primarily to fund the march 2018 acquisition of investment in oncor holdings and at sdg&amp;e from issuance of a new loan by omec llc to partially repay omec's project financing loan                    $(4,826          )            $(218     )          $(600    )
net proceeds from 2018 issuances of mandatory convertible preferred stock                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (2,258          )
lower net proceeds from issuances of common stock primarily related to settlements of forward sale agreements                                                                                                                                                                                              (442          )
(higher) lower payments on long-term debt and finance leases                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (217          )              218                  494
(higher) lower dividends paid                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (169          )              250                 (100    )
change in intercompany activities with discontinued operations primarily related to intercompany loans                                                                                                                                                                                                     (157          )
higher payments for commercial paper and other short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days                                                                                                                                                                                                        (108          )
increase (decrease) in short-term debt, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 740                        (249     )            234
higher issuances of commercial paper and other short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days                                                                                                                                                                                                         195
advances from unconsolidated affiliates                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     155
higher capital contributions from omec llc to repay omec's loan                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             110                         110
equity contribution from sempra energy to fund initial shareholder contribution to the wildfire fund                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    322
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (31          )                6                    6
change in net cash flows from discontinued operations (including $1,311 common dividends paid offset by $977 equity contributions received)                                                                                                                                                                (367          )
$(7,375          )             $439                  $34
years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        sempra energy consolidated              sdg&amp;e            socalgas
2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $8,850                        $(34     )           $528
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      1,192                         (23     )             53
change                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $7,658                        $(11     )           $475
higher issuances of long-term debt in 2018, including increases at sempra energy consolidated primarily to fund the march 2018 acquisition of investment in oncor holdings and at sdg&amp;e from issuance of a new loan by omec llc to partially repay omec's project financing loan                     $3,707                        $220                 $949
higher net proceeds from issuances of common stock in 2018 primarily related to settlements of forward sale agreements                                                                                                                                                                                    2,225
net proceeds from 2018 issuances of mandatory convertible preferred stock                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2,258
higher issuances of commercial paper and other short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days                                                                                                                                                                                                         960
capital contribution from omec llc in 2018 to partially repay omec's project financing loan                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              65
decrease in short-term debt, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (215     )
higher payments on long-term debt, including $295 early repayment of omec's project financing loan by omec llc at sdg&amp;e                                                                                                                                                                                (775          )             (306     )           (500    )
change in intercompany activities with discontinued operations related to intercompany loans                                                                                                                                                                                                               (276          )
(higher) lower dividends paid                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (211          )              200
lower proceeds from sale of nci                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (106          )
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (59          )
change in net cash flows from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (65          )
$7,658                        $(11     )           $475
84
expenditures for pp&e we invest the majority of our capital in the california utilities, primarily for transmission and distribution improvements, including pipeline and wildfire safety. the following table summarizes by segment capital expenditures for the last three years.
expenditures for pp&amp;e
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2019                                                2018                  2017
sdg&amp;e              $1,522                $1,542                $1,555
socalgas                1,439                 1,538                 1,367
sempra mexico             624                   368                   248
sempra renewables           2                    51                   497
sempra lng                112                    31                    20
parent and other            9                    14                    18
total                  $3,708                $3,544                $3,705
expenditures for investments and acquisitions in 2019 and 2018, we invested heavily in our sempra texas utilities, which included our march 2018 acquisition of oncor holdings and subsequent contributions to oncor holdings, primarily to fund oncor's purchase of infrareit in may 2019. the following table summarizes by segment our investments in various jvs, as well as business and asset acquisitions.
expenditures for investments and acquisitions(1)
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2019                                                               2018                        2017
sempra texas utilities   $1,685                           $9,457                 $-
sempra mexico            -                                   100                         219
sempra renewables        -                                     5                 -
sempra lng               110                                 275                          48
parent and other         2                                   331                           2
total                    $1,797                          $10,168                 $269
(1)   net of cash and cash equivalents acquired.
future capital expenditures and investments the amounts and timing of capital expenditures and certain investments are generally subject to approvals by various regulatory and other governmental and environmental bodies, including the cpuc, the ferc and the puct. in 2020, we expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $5.9 billion (which excludes capital expenditures that will be funded by unconsolidated entities), as summarized by segment in the following table.
future capital expenditures and investments
(dollars in millions)
year ended december 31, 2020
sdg&amp;e                                 $2,000
socalgas                                   2,000
sempra texas utilities                       300
sempra mexico                                900
sempra lng                                   700
total                                     $5,900
we expect the majority of our capital expenditures and investments in 2020 will relate to transmission and distribution improvements at our regulated public utilities and construction of liquid fuels terminals at sempra mexico.
as we discuss above, from 2020 through 2024, and subject to the factors described below, which could cause these estimates to vary substantially, sempra energy expects to make aggregate capital expenditures and investments of approximately $22.8 billion (which excludes capital expenditures that will be funded by unconsolidated entities), as follows: $8.9 billion at sdg&e, $9.0 billion at socalgas, $0.7 billion at sempra texas utilities and $1.9 billion at sempra mexico and $2.3 billion at sempra lng. capital expenditure amounts include capitalized interest and afudc related to debt.
periodically, we review our construction, investment and financing programs and revise them in response to changes in regulation, economic conditions, competition, customer growth, inflation, customer rates, the cost and availability of capital, and safety and environmental requirements.
our level of capital expenditures and investments in the next few years may vary substantially and will depend on, among other things, the cost and availability of financing, regulatory approvals, changes in u.s. federal tax law and business opportunities providing desirable rates of return. we intend to finance our capital expenditures in a manner that will maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
capital stock transactions sempra energy cash provided by issuances of common and preferred stock was:
▪   $1.8 billion in 2019
▪   $4.5 billion in 2018
▪   $47 million in 2017
dividends sempra energy sempra energy paid cash dividends of:
▪   $993 million for common stock and $142 million for preferred stock in 2019
▪   $877 million for common stock and $89 million for preferred stock in 2018
▪   $755 million for common stock in 2017
on december 9, 2019, sempra energy declared a quarterly dividend of $0.9675 per share of common stock, $1.50 per share of series a preferred stock and $1.6875 per share of series b preferred stock, all of which were paid on january 15, 2020.
dividends declared on common stock have increased in each of the last three years due to an increase in the per-share quarterly dividends approved by our board of directors to $0.9675 in 2019 ($3.87 annually) from $0.895 in 2018 ($3.58 annually) and from $0.8225 in 2017 ($3.29 annually).
on february 25, 2020, our board of directors approved an increase in sempra energy's quarterly common stock dividend to $1.045 per share ($4.18 annually), the first of which is payable april 15, 2020. in addition, on february 25, 2020, our board of directors declared quarterly dividends of $1.50 per share on our series a preferred stock and $1.6875 per share on our series b preferred stock, both payable on april 15, 2020. declarations of dividends on our common stock and preferred stock are made at the discretion of the board of directors. while we view dividends as an integral component of shareholder return, the amount of future dividends will depend on earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements, and other relevant factors at that time.
sdg&e sdg&e did not declare or pay common stock dividends in 2019. in 2018 and 2017, sdg&e paid common stock dividends to enova and enova paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $250 million and $450 million, respectively. sdg&e's dividends on common stock declared on an annual historical basis may not be indicative of future declarations and could be impacted over the next few years in order for sdg&e to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program.
in january 2020, sdg&e declared and paid common stock dividends to enova and enova declared and paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $200 million.
enova, a wholly owned subsidiary of sempra energy, owns all of sdg&e's outstanding common stock. accordingly, dividends paid by sdg&e to enova and dividends paid by enova to sempra energy are both eliminated in sempra energy's consolidated financial statements.
socalgas in 2019 and 2018, socalgas paid common stock dividends to pe and pe paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $150 million and $50 million, respectively. socalgas did not declare or pay common stock dividends in 2017. socalgas' dividends on common stock declared on an annual historical basis may not be indicative of future declarations and could be impacted over the next few years in order for socalgas to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program.
pe, a wholly owned subsidiary of sempra energy, owns all of socalgas' outstanding common stock. accordingly, dividends paid by socalgas to pe and dividends paid by pe to sempra energy are both eliminated in sempra energy's consolidated financial statements.
dividend restrictions the board of directors for each of sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas has the discretion to determine the payment and amount of future dividends by each such entity. the cpuc's regulation of sdg&e's and socalgas' capital structures limits the amounts that are available for loans and dividends to sempra energy. at december 31, 2019, based on these regulations, sempra energy could have received combined loans and dividends of approximately $885 million from sdg&e and $742 million from socalgas.
we provide additional information about dividend restrictions in "restricted net assets" in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
book value per common share sempra energy's book value per common share on the last day of each year was as follows:
▪   $60.58 in 2019
▪   $54.35 in 2018
▪   $50.40 in 2017
the increase in 2019 was primarily due to comprehensive income exceeding dividends and issuances of common stock. in 2018, the increase was primarily due to issuances of common stock, partially offset by dividends exceeding comprehensive income.
capitalization our debt to capitalization ratio, calculated as total debt as a percentage of total debt and equity, was as follows:
total capitalization and debt-to-capitalization ratios
(dollars in millions)
sempra energy consolidated                sdg&amp;e                   socalgas december 31, 2019
total capitalization           $47,621                     $13,542                     $9,172
debt-to-capitalization ratio   54            %      48                   %      48                   %
december 31, 2018
total capitalization           $43,819                     $12,625                     $7,944
debt-to-capitalization ratio   56            %      52                   %      46                   %
significant changes in 2019 that affected capitalization included the following:
▪   sempra energy consolidated: increase in short-term debt and increase in equity from issuances of common stock and comprehensive income exceeding dividends.
▪   sdg&amp;e: increase in equity from comprehensive income and common stock, partially offset by a decrease in nci due to deconsolidation of otay mesa vie.
▪   socalgas: increase in both long-term and short-term debt and from comprehensive income exceeding dividends.
87
commitments the following tables summarize undiscounted principal contractual commitments at december 31, 2019, exclusive of commitments within discontinued operations, for sempra energy consolidated, sdg&e and socalgas. we provide additional information about commitments above and in notes 1, 7, 9,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
undiscounted principal contractual commitments - sempra energy consolidated
(dollars in millions)
2020                                                                                   2021 and 2022              2023 and 2024              thereafter                   total long-term debt                                               $1,501                    $2,599                     $2,780                  $14,367                 $21,247
interest on long-term debt(1)                                   822                     1,518                      1,365                   10,346                  14,051
operating leases                                                 75                       138                        104                      452                     769
finance leases                                                  198                       385                        379                    2,629                   3,591
purchased-power contracts - fixed payments                      233                       462                        360                      904                   1,959
purchased-power contracts - estimated variable payments         326                       656                        655                    3,707                   5,344
natural gas contracts(2)                                        193                       265                        121                      311                     890
lng contract(3)                                                 265                       738                        761                    1,842                   3,606
construction commitments                                        990                        89                         32                      101                   1,212
songs decommissioning                                            89                       165                        109                      739                   1,102
other asset retirement obligations                               71                       143                        152                   10,879                  11,245
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund                        4                         8                          8                      282                     302
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(4)         275                       463                        453                      896                   2,087
wildfire fund obligation                                         13                        26                         26                       51                     116
environmental commitments(5)                                      9                        34                          3                       50                      96
other(6)                                                         80                        64                         37                      115                     296
total                                                        $5,144                    $7,753                     $7,345                  $47,671                 $67,913
(1)   we calculate expected interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations, including floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps and cross-currency swaps. we calculate expected interest payments for variable-rate obligations based on forward rates in effect at december 31, 2019.
(2)   includes $11 million of estimated variable payments.
(3)   sempra lng has a sale and purchase agreement for the supply of lng to the eca lng regasification terminal. the commitment amount is calculated using a predetermined formula based on estimated forward prices of the index applicable from 2020 to 2029.
(4)   amounts represent expected company contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
(5)   excludes environmental matters for the leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
(6)   includes leases that have not yet commenced.
88
undiscounted principal contractual commitments - sdg&amp;e
(dollars in millions)
2020                                                                                 2021 and 2022             2023 and 2024             thereafter                 total long-term debt                                                  $36                    $404                      $450                  $4,250                 $5,140
interest on long-term debt(1)                                   221                     425                       395                   2,803                  3,844
operating leases                                                 30                      54                        32                      28                    144
finance leases                                                  192                     380                       375                   2,624                  3,571
purchased-power contracts - fixed payments                      233                     462                       360                     904                  1,959
purchased-power contracts - estimated variable payments         326                     656                       655                   3,707                  5,344
construction commitments                                         20                      33                         2                       2                     57
songs decommissioning                                            89                     165                       109                     739                  1,102
other asset retirement obligations                                6                      10                        10                   1,136                  1,162
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund                        4                       8                         8                     282                    302
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(2)          54                     105                        97                      96                    352
wildfire fund obligation                                         13                      26                        26                      51                    116
environmental commitments                                         3                       7                         2                      35                     47
other(3)                                                          3                       7                         6                      45                     61
total                                                        $1,230                  $2,742                    $2,527                 $16,702                $23,201
(1)   sdg&amp;e calculates expected interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations.
(2)   amounts represent expected sdg&amp;e contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
(3)   includes leases that have not yet commenced.
undiscounted principal contractual commitments - socalgas
(dollars in millions)
2020                                                                               2021 and 2022             2023 and 2024             thereafter                 total long-term debt                                                 $-                      $-                      $500                  $3,309                 $3,809
interest on long-term debt(1)                                 148                     297                       292                   2,174                  2,911
natural gas contracts                                         124                     154                        36                      35                    349
operating leases                                               22                      38                        25                      19                    104
finance leases                                                  6                       5                                                                       20
environmental commitments(2)                                    6                      27                         1                      14                     48
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)       155                     307                       310                     698                  1,470
asset retirement obligations                                   65                     133                       142                   9,471                  9,811
other                                                                                                             3                      36                     44
total                                                        $528                    $964                    $1,313                 $15,761                $18,566
(1)   socalgas calculates interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations.
(2)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
(3)   amounts represent expected socalgas contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
the tables exclude contracts between consolidated affiliates, intercompany debt and employment contracts.
the tables also exclude income tax liabilities at december 31, 2019 of:
▪   $93 million for sempra energy consolidated
▪   $12 million for sdg&amp;e
▪   $64 million for socalgas these liabilities relate to uncertain tax positions and were excluded from the tables because we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of future payments due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions. we provide additional information about unrecognized income tax benefits in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have bilateral unsecured standby letter of credit capacity with select lenders that is uncommitted and supported by reimbursement agreements. at december 31, 2019, we had approximately $647 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under these agreements.
89
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2019, sempra lng has provided guarantees aggregating a maximum of $4.0 billion associated with cameron lng jv's debt obligations. we discuss these guarantees in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sdg&e has entered into ppas that are variable interests. our investments in oncor holdings and cameron lng jv are variable interests. sempra energy's other businesses may also enter into arrangements that could include variable interests. we discuss variable interests in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates management views certain accounting policies as critical because their application is the most relevant, judgmental, and/or material to our financial position and results of operations, and/or because they require the use of material judgments and estimates.
we describe our significant accounting policies in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. we discuss choices among alternative accounting policies that are material to our financial statements and information concerning significant estimates with the audit committee of the sempra energy board of directors.
contingencies sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas we accrue losses for the estimated impacts of various conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertain outcomes. for loss contingencies, we accrue the loss if an event has occurred on or before the balance sheet date and:
▪   information available through the date we file our financial statements indicates it is probable that a loss has been incurred, given the likelihood of uncertain future events
▪   the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated we do not accrue contingencies that might result in gains. we continuously assess contingencies for litigation claims, environmental remediation and other events.
details of our issues in this area are discussed in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulatory accounting sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas as regulated entities, the california utilities' rates, as set and monitored by regulators, are designed to recover the cost of providing service and provide the opportunity to earn a reasonable return on their investments. the california utilities record regulatory assets, which are generally costs that would otherwise be charged to expense, if it is probable that, through the ratemaking process, the utility will recover that asset from customers in future rates. similarly, regulatory liabilities are recorded for amounts recovered in rates in advance or in excess of costs incurred. the california utilities assess probabilities of future rate recovery associated with regulatory account balances at the end of each reporting period and whenever new and/or unusual events occur, such as:
▪   changes in the regulatory and political environment or the utility's competitive position
▪   issuance of a regulatory commission order
▪   passage of new legislation to the extent that circumstances associated with regulatory balances change, the regulatory balances are evaluated and adjusted if appropriate.
adverse legislative or regulatory actions could materially impact the amounts of our regulatory assets and liabilities and could materially adversely impact our financial statements. details of the california utilities' regulatory assets and liabilities and additional factors that management considers when assessing probabilities associated with regulatory balances are discussed in notes 1, 4,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
90
income taxes sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas our income tax expense and related balance sheet amounts involve significant management judgments and estimates. amounts of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as well as current and noncurrent accruals, involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income and deductions by taxing authorities. when we evaluate the anticipated resolution of income tax issues, we consider:
▪   past resolutions of the same or similar issue
▪   the status of any income tax examination in progress
▪   positions taken by taxing authorities with other taxpayers with similar issues the likelihood of deferred income tax recovery is based on analyses of the deferred income tax assets and our expectation of future taxable income, based on our strategic planning.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts because of:
▪   future impacts of various items, including changes in tax laws, regulations, interpretations and rulings
▪   our financial condition in future periods
▪   the resolution of various income tax issues between us and taxing and regulatory authorities for an uncertain position to qualify for benefit recognition, the position must have at least a more-likely-than-not chance of being sustained (based on the position's technical merits) upon challenge by the respective authorities. the term more-likely-than-not means a likelihood of more than 50%. if we do not have a more-likely-than-not position with respect to a tax position, then we do not recognize any of the potential tax benefit associated with the position. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon the effective resolution of the tax position.
unrecognized tax benefits involve management's judgment regarding the likelihood of the benefit being sustained. the final resolution of uncertain tax positions could result in adjustments to recorded amounts and may affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we discuss details of our issues in this area and additional information related to accounting for income taxes, including uncertainty in income taxes, in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
derivatives and hedge accounting sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas we record derivative instruments for which we do not apply a scope exception at fair value on the balance sheet. depending on the purpose for the contract and the applicability of hedge or regulatory accounting, the changes in fair value of derivatives may be recorded in earnings, on the balance sheet, or in oci. we also use the normal purchase or sale exception for certain derivative contracts. whenever possible, we use exchange quoted prices or other third-party pricing to estimate fair values; if no such data is available, we use internally developed models and other techniques. the assumed collectability of derivative assets considers events specific to a given counterparty, the counterparty's credit worthiness, and the tenor of the transaction.
the application of hedge accounting and normal purchase or sale accounting for certain derivatives is determined on a contract-by-contract basis. significant changes in assumptions in our cash flow hedges, such as the amount and/or timing of forecasted transactions, could cause unrealized gains or losses (mark-to-market) to be reclassified out of aoci to earnings, which may materially impact our results of operations. additionally, changes in assumed physical delivery on contracts for which we elected normal purchase or sale accounting may result in "tainting" of the election, which may (1) preclude us from making this election in future transactions and (2) impact sempra energy's results of operations. any resulting impact on the california utilities' results of operations would not be significant because regulatory accounting principles generally apply to their contracts. we provide details of our derivative instruments and our fair value approaches in notes  and , respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefit plans sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas to measure our pension and other postretirement obligations, costs and liabilities, we rely on several assumptions. we consider current market conditions, including interest rates, in making these assumptions. we review these assumptions annually and update when appropriate.
the critical assumptions used to develop the required estimates include the following key factors:
▪   discount rates
▪   expected return on plan assets
▪   health care cost trend rates
▪   mortality rates
▪   rate of compensation increases
▪   termination and retirement rates
▪   utilization of postretirement welfare benefits
▪   payout elections (lump sum or annuity)
▪   lump sum interest rates the actuarial assumptions we use may differ materially from actual results due to:
▪   return on plan assets
▪   changing market and economic conditions
▪   higher or lower withdrawal rates
▪   longer or shorter participant life spans
▪   more or fewer lump sum versus annuity payout elections made by plan participants
▪   higher or lower retirement rates these differences, other than those related to the california utilities' plans, where rate recovery offsets the effects of the assumptions on earnings, may result in a significant impact to the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense we record. for plans other than those at the california utilities, the approximate annual effect on earnings of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed discount rate would be less than $2 million and the effect of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return on plan assets would be less than $2 million. we provide details of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
asset retirement obligations sempra energy, sdg&e sdg&e's legal aros related to the decommissioning of songs are estimated based on a site-specific study performed no less than every three years. the estimate of the obligations includes:
▪   estimated decommissioning costs, including labor, equipment, material and other disposal costs
▪   inflation adjustment applied to estimated cash flows
▪   discount rate based on a credit-adjusted risk-free rate
▪   actual decommissioning costs, progress to date and expected duration of decommissioning activities changes in the estimated decommissioning costs, or in the assumptions and judgments made by management underlying these estimates, could cause revisions to the estimated total cost associated with retiring the assets. sdg&e's nuclear decommissioning expenses are subject to rate recovery and, therefore, rate-making accounting treatment is applied to sdg&e's nuclear decommissioning activities. sdg&e recognizes a regulatory asset, or liability, to the extent that its songs aro exceeds, or is less than, the amount collected from customers and the amount earned in sdg&e's ndt.
we provide additional detail in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment testing of long-lived assets sempra energy whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable, we consider if the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. if so, we estimate the fair value of the asset to determine the extent to which carrying value exceeds fair value. for such an estimate, we may consider data from multiple valuation methods, including data from market participants. we exercise judgment to estimate the future cash flows and the useful life of a long-lived asset and to determine our intent to use the asset. our intent to use or dispose of a long-lived asset is subject to re-evaluation and can change over time.
if an impairment test is required, the fair value of a long-lived asset can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. we discuss impairment of long-lived assets in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment testing of goodwill sempra energy on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation, we consider whether goodwill may be impaired. for our annual goodwill impairment testing, we have the option to first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test. if we elect to perform the qualitative assessment, we evaluate relevant events and circumstances, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, changes in key personnel and the overall financial performance of the reporting unit. if, after assessing these qualitative factors, we determine that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. under the two-step goodwill impairment test, we first determine if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value and if so, then measure the amount of goodwill impairment, if any. when determining if goodwill is impaired, the fair value of the reporting unit and goodwill can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. as a result, recognizing a goodwill impairment may or may not be required. when we perform the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, we exercise judgment to develop estimates of the fair value of the reporting unit and compare that to its carrying value. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. we consider observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, if available, as well as an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future revenues and expenses and may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the reporting unit. critical assumptions that affect our estimates of fair value may include:
▪   consideration of market transactions
▪   future cash flows
▪   the appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate
▪   country risk
▪   entity risk in 2019, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test and determined that the estimated fair values of our reporting units in mexico to which goodwill was allocated was substantially above their carrying values as of october 1, 2019, our goodwill impairment testing date. we discuss goodwill in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
carrying value of equity method investments sempra energy we generally account for investments under the equity method when we have significant influence over, but do not have control of, the investee.
we consider whether the fair value of each equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. to help evaluate whether a decline in fair value below carrying value has occurred and if the decline is other than temporary, we may develop fair value estimates for the investment. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. in the absence of observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, we consider an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis or, with less weighting, the replacement cost of the underlying net assets. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future distributions from the investment, or may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the entity and adjusted for our ownership share total. when calculating estimates of fair value, we also consider whether we intend to hold or sell the investment. for certain investments, critical assumptions may include:
▪   equity sale offer price for the investment
▪   transportation rates for natural gas
▪   the appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate
▪   the availability and costs of natural gas and lng
▪   competing fuels and electricity
▪   estimated future power generation and associated tax credits
▪   renewable power price expectations in addition, for our indirect investment in oncor, critical assumptions may also include the effects of ratemaking, such as the results of regulator decisions on rates and recovery of regulated investments and costs. the risk assumptions applied by other market participants to value the investments could vary significantly or the appropriate approaches could be weighted differently. these differences could impact whether or not the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, and if so, whether that condition is other than temporary. this could result in an impairment charge and, in cases where an impairment charge has been recorded, additional loss or gain upon sale in the case of a sale transaction.
we provide additional details in notes 6 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards we discuss the relevant pronouncements that have recently become effective and have had or may have a significant effect on our financial statements in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
