item 1a. risk factors the following discussion sets forth some of the more important risk factors that could materially affect truist's financial condition and operations. when a risk factor spans several risk categories, the risks have been listed by their primary risk category. the risks described are not all inclusive. additional risks that are not presently known or risks deemed immaterial may have a material adverse effect on truist's financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects.
merger-related risks truist may not be able to successfully integrate the companies or to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
the company was formed by the merger of bb&t and suntrust on december 6, 2019. truist anticipates further integration of systems, operations, and personnel of bb&t and suntrust over the next several years.
the successful integration of bb&t's and suntrust's operations will depend substantially on the company's ability to successfully consolidate operations, management teams, corporate cultures, systems and procedures and to eliminate redundancies and costs. truist may encounter difficulties during integration, such as:
•the loss of key employees and clients;
•the disruption of operations and businesses;
•inability to maintain and increase competitive presence;
•loan, deposit, and revenue attrition;
•inconsistencies in standards, control procedures and policies;
•unexpected issues with planned branch and other facilities closures;
•unexpected issues with costs, operations, personnel, technology; and
•problems with the assimilation of new operations, sites or personnel.
integration activities could divert resources from regular operations. in addition, general market and economic conditions or governmental actions affecting the financial industry generally may inhibit the company's successful integration of these entities.
bb&t and suntrust merged with the expectation that the merger would result in various synergies including, among other things, benefits relating to enhanced revenues, a strengthened and expanded market position for the combined organization, technology efficiencies, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the company integrates the institutions in an efficient and effective manner, as well as general competitive factors in the marketplace. failure to achieve or delays in achieving these anticipated benefits could result in a share price reduction as well as increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues, and diversion of management's time and energy and could materially and adversely affect the company's financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects.
truist will continue to incur substantial expenses related to the merger and the integration.
there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated. in addition, the merger may increase the company's compliance and legal risks, including increased litigation or regulatory actions such as fines or restrictions related to the business practices or operations of the combined business.
while the company has assumed that a certain level of expenses would be incurred, there are many factors beyond the company's control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration expenses. moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. these expenses could, particularly in the near term, exceed the expected savings from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale. the amount and timing of future charges to earnings as a result of merger or integration expenses are uncertain.
truist financial corporation 19
market risks changes in interest rates could adversely affect revenue and expenses, the value of assets and liabilities, as well as the availability and cost of capital, cash flows and liquidity.
truist's balance sheet can be sensitive to movements in market interest rates and spreads as well as basis risk arising from the company's alm activities, which management must closely monitor. in addition to the impact of the general economy, changes in interest rates or in valuations in the debt or equity markets could directly impact the company in one or more of the following ways:
•the yield on earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities may change in disproportionate ways; or
•the value of financial instruments held could change adversely.
regional and local economic conditions, competitive pressures and the policies of regulatory authorities affect interest income and interest expense. when interest rates rise, funding costs may rise faster than the yield the company earns on assets, causing net interest margin to contract. higher interest rates may also result in lower mortgage production income and elevated charge-offs in certain categories of the loan portfolio. conversely, when interest rates fall, the yield the company earns on assets may fall faster than the company's ability to lower rates paid on deposits or borrowings.
certain investment securities, notably mbs, are very sensitive to changes in rates. generally, when rates rise, prepayments will decrease and the duration of mbs will increase. conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of mbs will decrease.
the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and its agencies could have a material adverse effect on profitability.
changes in monetary and fiscal policies, including frb policies, can adversely affect profitability and cannot be controlled or predicted by the company. frb policies can:
•significantly impact the cost of funds, as well as the return on assets, both of which can have an impact on interest income;
•materially affect the value of financial assets;
•adversely affect borrowers through higher debt servicing costs and potentially increase the risk that they may fail to repay their loan obligations; and
•artificially inflate asset values during prolonged periods of accommodative policy, which could in turn cause volatile markets and rapidly declining collateral values.
financial results, lending or other business activities could be materially affected by a deterioration of economic conditions.
a prolonged period of slow growth in the u.s. economy as a whole or in any regional markets that truist serves, or any deterioration in economic conditions or the financial markets may disrupt or dampen the economy, which could materially adversely affect the company's financial condition and results.
if economic conditions deteriorate, the company may see lower demand for loans by creditworthy clients, reducing the company's interest income. in addition, if unemployment levels increase or if real estate prices decrease, the company would expect to incur higher charge-offs and may incur higher expenses in connection with adjustments to the reasonable and supportable forecasts used to estimate the allowance for credit losses in accordance with cecl requirements. these conditions may adversely affect not only consumer loan performance but also commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loans, especially for those businesses that rely on the health of industries or properties that may suffer from deteriorating economic conditions. the ability of these borrowers to repay their loans may be reduced, causing the company to incur higher credit losses.
the deterioration of economic conditions also could adversely affect financial results for the company's fee-based businesses, including the company's insurance brokerage, wealth management, investment advisory, trading and investment banking businesses. truist earns fee income from, among other activities, managing assets for clients and providing brokerage and other investment advisory and wealth management services. investment management fees are often based on the value of assets under management and a decrease in the market prices of those assets could reduce the company's fee income. changes in stock or fixed income market prices or client preferences could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees earned from the company's brokerage business. poor economic conditions and volatile or unstable financial markets would likely adversely affect the company's capital markets-related businesses.
20 truist financial corporation instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations, earnings and financial condition.
instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations, earnings and financial condition. the macroeconomic environment in the united states is susceptible to global events and volatility in financial markets. for example, trade negotiations between the u.s. and other nations remains uncertain and could adversely impact economic and market conditions for the company and its clients and counterparties.
a negative change in economic conditions, the performance of foreign sovereign debt, changes of trade policies and other matters could adversely affect the company's business, financial condition and liquidity. domestic and global political activity, geopolitical matters, including international political unrest or disturbances, terrorist activities, military conflicts, concerns over energy prices, trade wars and economic instability or recession in certain regions could cause volatility in the financial markets, undermine investor confidence or cause a contraction of available credit. any of these could reduce the value of the company's assets or cause a reduction in liquidity that adversely impacts the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the replacement of libor could adversely affect truist's profitability and financial condition.
libor and certain other interest rate benchmarks are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, has publicly announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit information to the administrator of libor after 2021. the continuation of libor cannot be guaranteed after 2021. truist has libor-based contracts that extend beyond 2021 included in loans and leases, securities, deposits, short-term borrowings, long-term debt and derivative financial instruments. while there is no consensus on what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, a group of market participants convened by the frb, the arrc, has selected the sofr as its recommended alternative to u.s. dollar libor. the frb of new york started to publish sofr in april 2018. sofr is a broad measure of the cost of overnight borrowings collateralized by u.s. treasury securities.
if sofr or another alternative reference rate becomes an accepted alternative to libor, it may perform differently than libor in response to changing market conditions. for example, sofr could experience greater decreases during times of economic stress, which could require the company to lend at lower rates at times when the company's borrowing costs are increasing.
the market transition away from libor to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. in particular, any such transition could:
•adversely affect the interest rates received or paid on the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of the company's libor-based assets and liabilities;
•adversely affect the interest rates received or paid on the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of other securities or financial arrangements, given libor's role in determining market interest rates globally;
•prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of the company's preparation and readiness for the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate; and
•result in disputes, litigation or other actions with borrowers or counterparties about the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in libor-based contracts and securities.
the transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate will require the transition to or development of appropriate systems, models and analytics to effectively transition the company's risk management and other processes from libor-based products to those based on the applicable alternative reference rate, such as sofr. truist has developed a libor transition team and project plan that outlines timelines and priorities to prepare its processes, systems and people to support this transition. timelines and priorities include assessing the impact on the company's clients, as well as assessing system requirements for operational processes. there can be no guarantee that these efforts will successfully mitigate the operational risks associated with the transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate.
the manner and impact of the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate, as well as the effect of these developments on the company's funding costs, loan, investment and trading securities portfolios, and alm and business, is uncertain.
truist financial corporation 21
credit risks the company is subject to credit risk by lending or committing money, or entering into a letter of credit or other contract with a counterparty.
truist incurs credit risk, which is the risk of losses if the company's borrowers do not repay loans or if the company's counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of their contracts. a number of products expose the company to credit risk, including loans, leveraged loans, leases and lending commitments, derivatives, trading assets and assets held for sale. changes in credit quality can have a significant impact on the company's earnings. the company estimates and establishes reserves for credit risks and credit losses inherent in its determination of credit exposure (including unfunded credit commitments). this process, which is critical to the company's financial results and condition, requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments, considering both external and borrower-specific factors that might impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. as is the case with any such assessments, there is always the chance that the company will fail to identify the proper factors or that the company will fail to accurately estimate the impacts of factors identified.
credit losses may exceed the amount of the company's reserves as a result of changing economic conditions, including falling real estate or commodity prices and higher unemployment or other factors such as changes in borrower behavior. there is no assurance that reserves will be sufficient to cover all incurred credit losses. in the event of significant deterioration in economic conditions, the company may be required to increase reserves in future periods, which would reduce the company's earnings and potentially impact its capital.
the company may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent that loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type or location of the borrower or collateral.
the company's credit risk and credit losses can increase if the company's loans are concentrated in borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or in borrowers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. deterioration in economic conditions, housing conditions or real estate values in these markets in which the company operates could result in materially higher credit losses.
liquidity risks truist's liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access short-term funding, an unforeseen outflow of cash or a reduction in the credit ratings for truist or its subsidiaries.
liquidity is essential to truist's businesses. when volatility or disruptions occur in the wholesale funding markets, the company's ability to access short-term liquidity could be materially impaired. in addition, other factors outside of the company's control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties, could impair the company's ability to access short-term funding or create an unforeseen outflow of cash or deposits. the company's inability to access short-term funding or capital markets could constrain the company's ability to make new loans or meet existing lending commitments and could ultimately jeopardize the company's overall liquidity and capitalization.
loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase truist's funding costs.
deposits are a low cost and stable source of funding. truist competes with banks and other financial institutions for deposits and as a result, could risk losing deposits in the future or see an increase in costs associated with maintaining deposits. clients may shift their deposits into higher cost products or the company may need to raise interest rates to avoid deposit attrition. funding costs may also increase if deposits lost are replaced with wholesale funding. higher funding costs reduce truist's net interest margin, net interest income, and net income.
truist relies on the mortgage secondary market and gses for some of the company's liquidity.
truist sells a portion of the mortgage loans originated to reduce the company's retained credit risk and to provide funding capacity for originating additional loans. gses could limit their purchases of conforming loans due to capital constraints or other changes in their criteria for conforming loans (e.g., maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility). this potential reduction in purchases could limit the ability to fund new loans.
proposals have been presented to reform the housing finance market in the u.s., including the role of the gses in the housing finance market. the extent and timing of any such regulatory reform of the housing finance market and the gses, as well as any effect on the company's business and financial results, are uncertain.
22 truist financial corporation any reduction in the company's credit rating could increase the cost of the company's funding from the capital markets.
ratings agencies regularly evaluate truist and its subsidiaries. ratings are based on a number of factors, including the financial strength of the company as well as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. failure to maintain those ratings could adversely affect funding cost and increase the company's cost of capital. a credit downgrade might also affect the company's ability to attract or retain deposits from commercial and corporate clients. additionally, the company's ability to conduct derivatives business with certain clients and counterparties could also be impacted and could trigger obligations to make cash or collateral payments to certain clients and counterparties.
the parent company has less access to funding sources and liquidity could be constrained if the bank becomes unable to pay dividends during a time of stress.
the parent company relies upon capital markets access and dividends from affiliates for funding and has less access to contingent sources than the bank. if the bank were subject to a financial stress, its dividends to the parent company could be reduced or eliminated in order to support bank capital ratios or other regulatory requirements. this would increase the parent company's reliance on capital markets at a time when spreads and funding costs are likely elevated due the stress impacting the bank.
compliance risks truist is subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision, which could increase the cost of doing business, limit truist's ability to make investments and generate revenue and lead to costly enforcement actions.
the banking and financial services industries are highly regulated. truist is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by regulators, including the frb, fdic, nccob, sec, cftc, cfpb, finra and various state regulatory agencies. the statutory and regulatory framework governing truist is generally intended to protect depositors, the dif, clients, and the u.s. financial system as a whole, and not truist's debt holders or shareholders. reform of the financial services industry resulting from the dodd-frank act, including the egrrcpa and other legislative, regulatory and technological changes, affect the company's operations.
these laws and regulations and truist's inability to act in certain instances without receiving prior regulatory approval affect truist's lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock and ability to pursue strategic acquisitions, among other activities. changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or their interpretation or implementation and the continued heightening of regulatory requirements could affect truist in substantial and unpredictable ways. federal and state banking regulators also possess broad powers to take supervisory actions as they deem appropriate. these supervisory actions may result in higher capital requirements, higher deposit insurance premiums and limitations on the company's activities that could have a material adverse effect on operations or profitability.
in recent years, both congress and the federal banking regulators have engaged in a rebalancing of the post financial crisis legal and regulatory framework, particularly by tailoring enhanced prudential standards to the size, risk profile and complexity of the banking organization. it is possible that a new presidential administration and a new congress could reconsider this rebalancing of the legal and regulatory framework and also impose significant new regulatory and supervisory burdens on the financial sector. truist expects that its businesses will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision regardless of who wins the presidential and congressional elections in 2020. any potential new regulations or modifications to existing regulations would likely necessitate changes to truist's existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure. compliance with new regulations and supervisory initiatives, including those newly applicable as a result of the merger may increase costs.
truist is subject to heightened requirements under the enhanced prudential standards and expects increased supervisory scrutiny, including, for example, single counterparty credit limits, heightened expectations with respect to governance, risk management and internal controls and additional capital and liquidity requirements.
the financial services industry faces scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and stringent enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels. areas of focus in the recent past have been with respect to mortgage-related practices, student lending practices, sales practices and related incentive compensation programs and other consumer compliance matters, as well as compliance with bsa/aml requirements and sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the ofac. for example, truist bank entered into a consent order with the fdic and the nccob in december 2016 and truist entered into a cease and desist order with the frb and nccob in january 2017. additionally, during november 2019, suntrust bank entered into a consent order in with the frb. current and future actions by regulators could impact truist's operations. see additional disclosures in the "regulatory considerations" section.
this heightened regulatory scrutiny or the results of an investigation or examination, may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. there is no assurance that those actions will not result in regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against truist financial corporation 23
truist. furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and officials in the united states or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental officials in foreign jurisdictions.
federal law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators and law enforcement agencies. this enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. any future enforcement action could have a material adverse impact.
in some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of such settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial institution, including loss of clients, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in risk management practices also may be incorporated into truist's confidential supervisory ratings. a downgrade in these ratings or these or other regulatory actions and settlements, could limit truist's ability to conduct expansionary activities for a period of time and require new or additional regulatory approvals before engaging in certain other business activities.
in addition, regulatory changes may reduce truist's revenues, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner in which it operates its businesses, increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail to appropriately comply with new or modified laws and regulatory requirements and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products.
truist is subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect the company's business, operations and ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
truist is subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the frb and the fdic. these regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are typically developed at an international level by the bcbs and then applied, with adjustments, in each country by the appropriate domestic regulatory bodies. domestic regulatory agencies have the ability to apply stricter capital and liquidity standards than those developed by the bcbs. in several instances, the u.s. banking agencies have done so with respect to u.s. banking organizations.
requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity and regulatory expectations as to the quality of the company's capital and liquidity may prevent the company from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force the company to take actions contrary to their interests. for example, truist may be limited in its ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. in addition, these requirements may impact the amount and type of loans the company is able to make. truist may be constrained in its ability to expand, either organically or through mergers and acquisitions. these requirements may cause the company to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets' underlying risks. in addition, liquidity standards require the company to maintain holdings of highly liquid investments, thereby reducing the company's ability to invest in less liquid assets, even if more desirable from a balance sheet or interest rate risk management perspective.
as a category iii banking organization, truist is subject to additional capital and liquidity requirements. specifically, truist will be subject to a supplementary leverage ratio, the countercyclical capital buffer (if deployed), a higher outflow rate for the lcr and heightened expectations about capital planning.
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements receive periodic review and revision by the bcbs and the u.s. banking agencies. changes to capital and liquidity requirements may require truist or truist bank to maintain more or higher quality capital or greater liquidity and could increase some of the potential adverse effects described above.
the liquidity standards applicable to large u.s. banking organizations also are expected to be supplemented in the coming years. for example, in may 2016, the u.s. banking agencies proposed rules to implement the nsfr, which is designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain a stable, long-term funding profile in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities. the u.s. rules have not yet been finalized and more recent rule changes adjust the scope and effect of the originally-proposed u.s. rules. thus, the potential impact of the nsfr remains unclear.
in addition to the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to truist and truist bank, the company's broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements established by the sec.
24 truist financial corporation strategic and reputational risks truist is subject to certain risks related to originating and selling mortgages and may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers.
truist is required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated when selling mortgage loans or loan securitizations. an increase in the number of repurchase and indemnity demands from purchasers related to representations and warranties on loans sold could result in an increase in the amount of losses for loan repurchases. truist also bears a risk of loss from borrower defaults for multi-family commercial mortgage loans sold to fnma.
in addition to repurchase claims from gses, truist could be subject to indemnification claims from non-gse purchasers of the company's loans. claims could be made if truist fails to conform to statements about the quality of the mortgage loans sold, the manner in which the loans were originated and underwritten or to comply with state and federal law.
truist may not be able to complete future mergers or acquisitions.
the company must generally satisfy a number of meaningful conditions before completing an acquisition of another bank or bhc, including federal and state regulatory approvals. in determining whether to approve a proposed bank or bhc acquisition, bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition; financial condition and future prospects, including current and projected capital ratios and levels; the competence, experience and integrity of management; record of compliance with laws and regulations; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution's record of compliance under the cra; the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities; and protests from various stakeholders. in addition, u.s. regulators must take systemic risk to the u.s. financial system into account when evaluating whether to approve a potential acquisition transaction involving a large financial institution like truist. there is no certainty as to when or if or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted for any potential acquisition. in specific cases, truist may be required to sell banks or branches or take other actions as a condition to receiving regulatory approval. an inability to satisfy other conditions necessary to consummate an acquisition transaction, such as third-party litigation, a judicial order blocking the transaction or lack of shareholder approval, could also prevent the company from completing an announced acquisition.
truist faces risks as a servicer of loans.
the company acts as servicer and master servicer for mortgage loans included in securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans owned by investors. as a servicer or master servicer for those loans, the company has certain contractual obligations to the securitization trusts, investors or other third parties. as a servicer, truist's obligations include foreclosing on defaulted mortgage loans or, to the extent consistent with the applicable securitization or other investor agreement, considering alternatives to foreclosure such as loan modifications or short sales. in the company's capacity as a master servicer, obligations include overseeing the servicing of mortgage loans by the servicer. generally, the company's servicing obligations are set by contract, for which the company receives a contractual fee. however, gses can amend their servicing guidelines, which can increase the scope or costs of the services required without any corresponding increase in the company's servicing fee. further, the cfpb has implemented national servicing standards which have increased the scope and costs of services which the company is required to perform. in addition, there has been a significant increase in state laws that impose additional servicing requirements that increase the scope and cost of the company's servicing obligations. as a servicer, the company also advances expenses on behalf of investors which it may be unable to collect.
a material breach of the company's obligations as servicer or master servicer may result in contract termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period of time following notice, which can generally be given by the securitization trustee or a specified percentage of security holders, causing the company to lose servicing income. in addition, the company may be required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses from any failure by us, as a servicer or master servicer, to perform the company's servicing obligations or any act or omission on the company's part that involves willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence. for certain investors and certain transactions, truist may be contractually obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for credit losses incurred on the loan as a remedy for servicing errors with respect to the loan. the company may be subject to increased repurchase obligations as a result of claims made that the company did not satisfy its obligations as a servicer or master servicer. the company may also experience increased loss severity on repurchases, which may require a material increase to the company's repurchase reserve.
the company has and may continue to receive indemnification requests related to the company's servicing of loans owned or insured by other parties, primarily gses. typically, such a claim seeks to impose a compensatory fee on the company for departures from gse service levels. in most cases, this is related to delays in the foreclosure process. additionally, the company has received indemnification requests where an investor or insurer has suffered a loss due to a breach of the servicing agreement. while the number of such claims has been small, these could increase in the future.
truist financial corporation 25
truist has businesses other than banking that are subject to a variety of risks.
truist is a diversified financial services company and this diversity subjects the company's earnings to a broader variety of risks and uncertainties. other businesses in addition to banking that the company operates include insurance, investment banking, securities underwriting and market making, loan syndications, investment management and advice and retail and wholesale brokerage services offered through the company's subsidiaries. these businesses entail significant market, operational, credit, compliance, technology, legal and other risks that could materially adversely impact the company's results of operations.
negative public opinion could damage the company's reputation and adversely impact business and revenues.
truist's earnings and capital are subject to risks associated with negative public opinion. negative public opinion could result from the company's actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending or sales practices, a breach of client or teammate information, the failure of any product or service sold to meet the company's clients' expectations or applicable regulatory requirements, corporate governance and acquisitions or from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion could adversely affect the company's ability to attract and retain clients and personnel and can result in litigation and regulatory actions. actual or alleged conduct by one of the company's businesses can result in negative public opinion about the company's other businesses. actual or alleged conduct by another financial institution can result in negative public opinion about the financial services industry in general and, as a result, adversely affect truist.
scrutiny of the company's sales, training and incentive compensation practices could damage the company's reputation and adversely impact business and revenues.
the company may face increased scrutiny of the company's consumer and other business sales practices, training practices, incentive compensation design and governance, and quality assurance and client complaint resolution practices. there can be no assurance that the company's processes and actions will meet regulatory standards or expectations. findings from self-identified or regulatory reviews may require responsive actions, including increased investments in compliance systems and personnel or the payment of fines, penalties, increased regulatory assessments or client redress and may increase legal or reputational risk exposures.
competition may reduce the company's client base or cause the company to lower prices for products and services in order to maintain market share.
truist operates in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive. increased competition could arise from technological, legislative and regulatory changes, as well as from continued consolidation. there is intense competition among commercial banks in the company's market area. the company also competes with other providers of financial services, such as savings and loan associations, credit unions, consumer finance companies, securities firms, insurance companies, commercial finance and leasing companies, the mutual funds industry, full-service brokerage firms and discount brokerage firms, some of which are subject to less extensive regulation than truist. the company's success depends, in part, on the company's ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards and client expectations. the widespread adoption of new technologies has required and will continue to require substantial investments to modify or adapt existing products and services or to develop new products and services. in addition, there is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices, which reduce net interest income and noninterest income from fee-based products and services. the company may not be successful in introducing new products and services in response to industry trends or developments in technology or those new products may not achieve market acceptance.
legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector if the regulatory burdens of the company's competitors are reduced relative to the requirements of the company. for example, egrrcpa and the tailoring rules reduce the regulatory burden of some of the company's smaller competitors, which could cause some of them to become more competitive or to more aggressively pursue expansion.
the adoption of new technologies by competitors, including internet banking services, mobile applications, advanced atm functionality and cryptocurrencies could require the company to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt the company's existing products and services. these and other capital investments in the company's business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. the company may not be successful in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of new products and services, anticipating or reacting to consumers' changing technological preferences or developing and maintaining loyal clients.
26 truist financial corporation truist also competes with nonbank companies inside and outside of the company's market area and, in some cases, with companies other than those traditionally considered financial sector participants. in particular, technology companies are increasingly focusing on the financial sector, either in partnership with competitor banking organizations or on their own. these companies generally are not subject to the same regulatory burdens as financial institutions and may accordingly realize certain cost savings and offer products and services at more favorable rates and with greater convenience to the client. for example, a number of companies offer bill pay and funds transfer services that allow clients to bypass banks. technology companies are generally positioned and structured to quickly adapt to technological advances and directly focus resources on implementing those advances. this competition could result in the loss of fee income, client deposits and related income. in addition, changes in consumer spending and saving habits could adversely affect the company's operations and truist may be unable to develop competitive products and services in a timely manner. as the pace of technology and change advance, continuous innovation is expected to exert long-term pressure on the financial services industry.
truist will continually encounter technological change and must effectively develop and implement new technology.
the financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. truist has invested in technology and connectivity to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of clients to engage in financial transactions and otherwise to enhance the client experience with respect to the company's products and services. on the retail side, technological changes include developments such as more sophisticated atms and expanded access to banking transactions through the internet, smart phones, tablets and other remote devices. truist expects to make additional investments in innovation and technology to address technological disruption in the industry and improve client offerings and service. these changes allow the company to better serve the company's clients and to reduce costs.
the company's continued success depends, in part, upon the company's ability to address clients' needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, to create efficiencies in the company's operations and to integrate those offerings with legacy platforms or to update those legacy platforms. a failure to maintain or enhance the company's competitive position with respect to technology, whether because of a failure to anticipate client expectations, a failure in the performance of technological developments or an untimely roll out of developments, may cause the company to lose market share or incur additional expense.
operational risks litigation may adversely affect the company's results.
the company is subject to litigation in the course of business. claims and legal actions, including supervisory actions by the company's regulators, could involve large monetary claims and significant defense costs. the outcome of litigation and regulatory matters as well as the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict.
actual legal and other costs of resolving claims may be greater than the company's legal reserves. the ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding, depending on the remedy sought and granted, could materially adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, governmental authorities have, at times, sought criminal penalties against companies in the financial services sector for violations, and, at times, have required an admission of wrongdoing from financial institutions in connection with resolving such matters. criminal convictions or admissions of wrongdoing in a settlement with the government can lead to greater exposure in civil litigation and reputational harm.
substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against the company could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm, which adversely impact the company's business prospects. further, the company may be exposed to substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition.
the company may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, including inadvertent or unintentional violations.
truist maintains systems and procedures designed to ensure that it complies with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that these will be effective. in addition to fines and penalties, the company may suffer other negative consequences from regulatory violations including restrictions on certain activities, such as the company's mortgage business, which may affect the company's relationship with the gses and may also damage the company's reputation and this in turn might materially affect the company's business and results of operations.
truist financial corporation 27
further, some legal frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even when the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even when there were systems and procedures in place designed to ensure compliance. for example, truist is subject to regulations issued by ofac that prohibit financial institutions from participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain foreign countries and designated nationals of those countries. ofac may impose penalties for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes are in place to prevent the violations. courts may uphold significant additional penalties on financial institutions, even where the financial institution had already reimbursed the government or other counterparties for actual losses.
truist relies on other companies to provide key components of the company's business infrastructure.
third parties provide key components of the company's business infrastructure, such as banking services, data processing, business processes, internet connections and network access. any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to clients, to support teammates and otherwise to conduct business. technological or financial difficulties of a third party service provider could adversely affect the company's business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. further, in some instances, the company may be responsible for failures of such third parties to comply with government regulations. the company may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of third party failures and insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all losses resulting from system failures or other disruptions. failures in the company's business infrastructure could interrupt the operations or increase the costs of doing business.
truist depends on the expertise of key personnel. if these individuals leave or change their roles without effective replacements, operations may suffer.
the company's success depends, to a large degree, on the continued services of executive officers and other key personnel who have extensive experience in the industry. the company's business could be adversely impacted from the loss of key persons or failure to manage a smooth transition to new personnel. these risks may be exacerbated as the company continues to integrate processes and systems subsequent to the merger.
the company may not be able to hire or retain additional qualified personnel and recruiting and compensation costs may increase as a result of changes in the marketplace, which may increase costs and adversely impact the company's ability to implement business strategies.
the company's success depends upon the ability to attract and retain highly motivated, well-qualified personnel. the company faces significant competition in the recruitment of qualified employees. the company's ability to execute the company's business strategy and provide high quality service may suffer if the company is unable to recruit or retain a sufficient number of qualified employees or if the costs of employee compensation or benefits increase substantially. the u.s. banking agencies have jointly issued comprehensive guidance designed to ensure that incentive compensation policies do not undermine the safety and soundness of banking organizations by encouraging employees to take imprudent risks. this guidance significantly affects the amount, form and context of incentive compensation to teammates. the frb, fdic, sec and other federal regulatory agencies have jointly proposed rules which would affect incentive compensation. these rules, which have been pending for several years, if finalized, may result in additional costs and restrictions on the form of the company's incentive compensation.
the company's framework for managing risks may not be effective.
the company's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss. truist has established policies, processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which the company is subject, including liquidity, credit, market, operational, technology, reputational, legal, model and compliance risk, among others. however, the company's risk management measures may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating the company's risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated, even if the models for assessing risk are properly designed and implemented. some of the company's methods of managing risk are based upon the company's use of observed historical market behavior and management's judgment. these methods may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. if the company's risk management framework proves ineffective, it could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
28 truist financial corporation there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in truist's business, which may impact decisions made by management and regulators.
truist relies on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels, as well as to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items.
poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that truist's business decisions based on information incorporating model output would be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. also, information truist provides to the public or to its regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that the regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to truist's shareholders, could be affected adversely due to the perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
the company is at risk of increased losses from fraud.
criminals committing fraud increasingly are using more sophisticated techniques and in some cases, are a part of larger criminal organizations, which allow them to be more effective. fraudulent activity has taken many forms and escalates as more tools for accessing financial services emerge, such as real-time payments. fraud schemes, including occurrences of employee fraud, information theft or other malfeasance, are broad and continuously evolving and include such things as debit card/credit card fraud, check fraud, mechanical devices attached to atm machines, social engineering and phishing attacks to obtain personal information or impersonation of the company's clients through the use of falsified or stolen credentials.
in addition, individuals or business entities may properly identify themselves, yet seek to establish a business relationship for the purpose of perpetrating fraud. increased deployment of technologies, such as chip card technology, defray and reduce aspects of fraud; however, criminals are turning to other sources to steal personally identifiable information, such as unaffiliated healthcare providers and government entities, in order to impersonate the consumer to commit fraud. further, as a result of the increased sophistication of fraud activity, the company has increased the company's spending on systems, resources and controls to detect and prevent fraud, as well as increased spending to provide certain credit monitoring and identity theft protection services to the company's consumer clients. this will result in continued ongoing investments in the future.
the company's operational or security systems or infrastructure or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt the company's business and adversely impact the company's results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.
the potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout the company's business and, as a result of the company's interactions with and reliance on third parties, is not limited to the company's own internal operational functions. the company's operational and security systems and infrastructure, including computer systems, data management and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to the company's performance. truist relies on its teammates and third parties in the company's operations, who may expose the company to risk as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance, or failure or breach of systems and infrastructure, including that of third parties. for example, the company's ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions, including to third parties with whom the company interacts with or relies upon.
the company faces security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking and social engineering attacks.
attacks targeting the company's teammates and clients, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect the company's business or reputation and create significant legal and financial exposure. the company's computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties are subject to security risks and susceptible to cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft. the company's business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in the company's computer and data management systems and networks and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. in addition, to access the company's network, products and services, the company's clients and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of the company's network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.
truist and truist's clients, regulators and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. cyber-attacks are designed to expose security vulnerabilities in the company's systems or the systems of third parties or other security measures that could result in the unauthorized gathering, monitoring, misuse, release, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary or sensitive information. a cyber-attack could also damage the company's systems by introducing material disruptions to the company's or the company's clients' or other third parties'
truist financial corporation 29
network access or business operations. as cyber threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance the company's protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. despite efforts to ensure the integrity of the company's systems and implement controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, the company may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may the company be able to implement sufficient preventive measures against such security breaches, which may result in material losses or consequences to truist.
cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. for example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as truist continues to expand its mobile-payment and internet-based product offerings and expand the company's internal usage of web-based products and applications. in addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. targeted social engineering attacks and "spear phishing" attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. in such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce teammates, clients or other users of the company's systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the company's data or that of the company's clients. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. the risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. in addition, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to the company's data may not be disclosed in a timely manner.
the company also faces indirect technology, cybersecurity and other operational risks relating to clients and other third parties that the company relies upon to facilitate or enable business activities, including, financial counterparties, regulators and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. in addition, truist faces cybersecurity and other operational risks relating to the merger, including increased phishing attacks on teammates, increased network perimeter scanning by third parties searching for vulnerabilities and domain name squatting. further, as a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes, or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants. this consolidation, interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack, other information or security breach, termination, or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect the company's ability to conduct transactions, service the company's clients, manage the company's exposure to risk or expand the company's business.
cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, including those directed at third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on the company's systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage the company's reputation with clients and third parties with whom the company does business. hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause serious negative consequences, including loss of clients and business opportunities; costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant disruption to the company's operations and business; misappropriation, exposure or destruction of the company's confidential information, intellectual property, funds and those of the company's clients; or damage to the company's or the company's clients' or third parties' computers or systems and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws. this could result in litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties, loss of confidence in the company's security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, which could adversely impact the company's results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. in addition, the company may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event.
natural disasters and other catastrophic events could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations or the company's financial condition and results.
the occurrence of catastrophic weather events or pandemics could adversely affect the company's financial condition or results of operations. truist has significant operations and clients along the gulf and atlantic coasts as well as other regions of the u.s., which could be adversely impacted by hurricanes, tornadoes and other severe weather in those areas. natural and other types of disasters could have an adverse impact on truist's businesses in that such events could materially disrupt the company's operations or the ability or willingness of the company's clients to access the financial services offered, including adverse impacts on the company's borrowers to timely repay their loans and the value of any collateral held. these events could reduce the company's earnings and cause volatility in the company's financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition or results of operations.
30 truist financial corporation in addition, certain commercial and corporate borrowers may be affected by the recent outbreak of the coronavirus, which originated in wuhan, hubei province, china but has been reported in other countries. these effects could include disruptions or restrictions in clients' supply chains, closures of clients' facilities or decreases in demand for clients' products and services. if clients' are adversely affected, or if the virus leads to a widespread health crisis that impacts economic growth, truist's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, despite having no direct operations in china.
although truist has business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, the company's operations and communications may be adversely affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events and there can be no assurance that such business continuity plans will be effective.
truist may be impacted by the soundness of other financial institutions.
the company's ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. truist has exposure to many different industries and counterparties and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, central counterparties, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional investors and clients. as a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions or the financial services industry generally, in the past have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by truist or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose the company to credit risk in the event of default of the company's counterparty or client. in addition, the company's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by truist cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the company's exposure. any such losses could materially and adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition.
truist depends on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties.
in deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, truist relies on the completeness and accuracy of representations made by and information furnished by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. if the information provided is not accurate or complete, the company's decisions about extending credit or entering into other transactions with clients or counterparties could be adversely affected and the company could suffer defaults, credit losses or other negative consequences as a result.
the company's accounting policies and processes are critical to how it reports the company's financial condition and results of operations. they require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain.
accounting policies and processes are fundamental to how the company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of the company's assets or liabilities and financial results. several of the company's accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. pursuant to u.s. gaap, the company makes certain assumptions and estimates in preparing the company's financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to litigation and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, including amounts related to assets acquired, liabilities assumed and the value of goodwill, among other items. if assumptions or estimates underlying the company's financial statements are incorrect or are adjusted periodically, the company may experience material losses.
management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management's judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. a variety of factors could affect the realization of income and expense or the recognition of assets and liabilities in the company's financial statements. truist has established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. in addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. due to the uncertainty surrounding the company's judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, the company cannot guarantee that adjustments to accounting policies or restatement of prior period financial statements will not be required.
further, from time to time, the fasb and sec change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the company's financial statements. in addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond the company's control, can be hard to predict and could materially affect how the company reports its financial results and condition. in some cases, the company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements.
truist financial corporation 31
for example, in june 2016, the fasb issued an accounting standard related to credit losses, cecl. the standard requires companies to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of certain financial assets, such as loans and unfunded commitments, as opposed to the current practice of recording losses when it is probable that a loss event has occurred. truist adopted the credit loss standard on january 1, 2020 and recognized a one-time cumulative effect adjustment to the company's allowance for credit losses and retained earnings on that date.
depressed market values for the company's stock and adverse economic conditions sustained over a period of time may require the company to write down all or some portion of the company's goodwill.
goodwill is periodically tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. if the fair value is greater than the carrying amount, then the reporting unit's goodwill is deemed not to be impaired. the fair value of a reporting unit is impacted by the reporting unit's expected financial performance and susceptibility to adverse economic, regulatory and legislative changes. the estimated fair values of the individual reporting units are assessed for reasonableness by reviewing a variety of indicators, including comparing these estimated fair values to the company's market capitalization over a reasonable period of time. while this comparison provides some relative market information about the estimated fair value of the reporting units, it is not determinative and needs to be evaluated in the context of the current economic environment. however, significant and sustained declines in the company's market capitalization could be an indication of potential goodwill impairment.
certain banking laws and certain provisions of the company's articles of incorporation may have an anti-takeover effect.
provisions of federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it difficult for a third party to acquire the company, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to the company's owners. acquisition of certain amounts of any class of voting stock of a bhc or depository institution, including shares of the company's common stock, may create a rebuttable presumption that the acquirer "controls" the bhc or depository institution and thus, unless the acquirer is able to rebut this presumption, it would be subject to various laws and regulations applicable to bhc. also, a bhc must obtain the prior approval of the frb before, among other things, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any bank, including truist bank.
there also are provisions in the company's amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, such as limitations on the ability to call a special meeting of the company's shareholders, that may be used to delay or block a takeover attempt. in addition, the company's board will be authorized under the company's amended and restated articles of incorporation to issue shares of the company's preferred stock and to determine the rights, terms, conditions and privileges of such preferred stock, without shareholder approval. these provisions may effectively inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a is intended to assist readers in their analysis of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and supplemental financial information. it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, as well as with the other information contained in this document.
executive overview overview of recent events and financial results recent events effective december 6, 2019, the company completed the merger. upon closing, each suntrust share was exchanged for 1.295 shares of bb&t stock. in connection with the merger, the company changed its name from bb&t corporation to truist financial corporation. reported results for truist reflect heritage bb&t prior to the completion of the merger and results from both bb&t and suntrust from the merger closing date forward. period end balances reflect the combined companies. significant merger updates include:
•in july 2019, bb&t and suntrust announced the truist bank community benefits plan under which the combined company will lend or invest $60 billion to low and moderate-income borrowers and communities over a three-year period from 2020 to 2022.
•in november 2019, the department of justice completed its anti-trust review and the company received all remaining regulatory approvals. as a condition for the merger, the company announced an agreement to divest 30 suntrust branches in north carolina, virginia and georgia. the divestiture includes approximately $2.4 billion in deposits and approximately $400 million in loans.
•on december 11, 2019, truist announced its planned purchase of the new headquarters building, hearst tower, in charlotte, nc. the deal is expected to close in the first half of 2020. the building will be renamed truist center.
•in january 2020, truist officially launched the truist brand and visual identity, and truist's purpose: "inspire and build better lives and communities," along with its mission and values.
financial results net income available to common shareholders totaled $3.0 billion for 2019, a 1.1% decrease from the prior year. on a diluted per common share basis, earnings for 2019 were $3.71, compared to $3.91 for 2018. truist's results of operations for 2019 produced a return on average assets of 1.31% and a return on average common shareholders' equity of 9.87% compared to prior year ratios of 1.47% and 11.50%, respectively. results include merger-related and restructuring charges of $360 million ($285 million after-tax) for 2019 compared to $146 million ($111 million after-tax) for 2018. additionally, the 2019 results include incremental operating expenses related to the merger of $164 million ($127 million after-tax), securities losses of $116 million ($90 million after-tax), a reduction in net income available to common shareholders of $46 million arising from the redemption of preferred stock, partially offset by a $14 million after-tax net gain from the sale of residential mortgage loans.
truist's revenue for 2019 was $12.6 billion. on a te basis, revenue was $12.7 billion, which represents an increase of $1.0 billion compared to 2018. net interest income on a te basis was $7.4 billion, an increase of $631 million compared to the prior year, which reflects a $1.3 billion increase in interest income and a $658 million increase in interest expense. the increase in net interest income was due primarily to a $15.2 billion increase in average outstanding loans, a $3.5 billion increase in average securities coupled with a 19 basis point increase in earning asset yields.
nim was 3.42% for 2019, down 4 basis points compared to the prior year. average earning assets increased $20.6 billion or 10.5%, while average interest-bearing liabilities increased $17.6 billion, or 13.2%, and noninterest-bearing deposits increased $1.7 billion, or 3.1%. the annualized te yield on the total loan portfolio for 2019 was 4.99%, up 22 basis points compared to the prior year. the annualized te yield on the average securities portfolio was 2.62%, up 13 basis points compared to the prior year.
the provision for credit losses was $615 million, compared to $566 million for the prior year. net charge-offs for 2019 were $634 million, compared to $524 million for the prior year. the ratio of the alll to net charge-offs was 2.44x for 2019, compared to 2.98x in 2018. npas increased $99 million year over year, including npas from the merger of $107 million that are classified as lhfs, $63 million for loans hfi and $63 million for other nonperforming assets, offset by npl sales.
truist financial corporation 37
noninterest income increased $379 million for the year, driven by improvements in the majority of categories, partially offset by securities losses of $116 million and a decrease in other income of $39 million. approximately $217 million of the increase in noninterest income is due to the contribution from the merger. additional increases in noninterest income were primarily due to higher insurance income driven by improved production levels and the acquisition of regions insurance, as well as higher investment banking and trading income. noninterest expense increased $1.0 billion for the year. excluding merger-related and restructuring charges and other incremental operating expenses related to the merger, noninterest expense increased $624 million. approximately $400 million of the $624 million variance was the result of noninterest expense associated with merged operations. the residual variance was primarily due to an increase in personnel expense.
truist's total assets at december 31, 2019 were $473.1 billion, an increase of $247.4 billion compared to december 31, 2018. the merger contributed $235.7 billion in total assets, including $154.0 billion in loans and leases. refer to "note 2. business combinations" for additional details related to the opening balances from the merger.
the company has undertaken a number of strategic actions to enhance the credit quality and manage interest-rate sensitivity of its loan and lease portfolio. during the third quarter of 2019, management sold a $4.3 billion residential mortgage loan portfolio. this sale was followed by a number of balance sheet restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2019, including the transfer of:
•$2.5 billion of residential mortgage loans to lhfs;
•$356 million of commercial loans to lhfs as a result of a decision to exit a business; and
•$381 million of mortgage, consumer and commercial loans to lhfs related to the forthcoming branch divestiture arising from the merger.
in addition, $1.4 billion of commercial exposures, of which $516 million were funded, were included in the lhfs portfolio of suntrust at the merger date.
additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2019, management sold $33.2 billion of securities in order to improve yield and reduce premium amortization risk and reinvested the proceeds primarily in securities to position the company to meet the new tailored lcr requirements. the company also transferred the securities previously classified as htm to afs in response to changes in regulatory capital rules.
total deposits at december 31, 2019 were $334.7 billion, an increase of $173.5 billion from the prior year. the merger contributed $170.7 billion in total deposits. the average cost of total deposits for 2019 was 0.64%, an increase of 23 basis points compared to the prior year. the average cost of interest-bearing deposits for 2019 was 0.93%, up 31 basis points compared to the prior year.
total shareholders' equity was $66.6 billion at december 31, 2019, up $36.4 billion compared to the prior year. equity issued in connection with the merger was $33.5 billion and net income in excess of dividends paid was $1.8 billion. additionally, the company issued $1.7 billion of preferred stock during the year and redeemed a similar amount from two higher-cost issuances. in connection with the redemptions, net income available to common shareholders was reduced by $46 million to recognize the difference in the redemption price and the carrying value. truist's tier 1 risk-based capital and total risk-based capital ratios at december 31, 2019 were 10.8% and 12.6%, respectively, compared to 11.8% and 13.8% at december 31, 2018, respectively. the cet1 ratio was 9.5% at december 31, 2019 compared to 10.2% in the prior year.
key challenges truist's business is dynamic and complex. consequently, management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. during this process, management considers the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. achieving key strategic objectives and established long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. in the opinion of management, the following challenges are the most likely to impact truist's near to medium term performance:
•achieving the potential benefits from the merger, including anticipated synergies and cost savings;
•managing the integration of systems and operations, while safeguarding the company against external threats;
•executing the company's "t3 strategy" by focusing on personal touch and technology to engender trust and provide distinctive, secure and successful client experiences;
•driving innovation and remaining attuned to evolving client preferences to succeed in an intensely competitive environment;
•retaining key personnel and activating the company's culture of striving to make things better for its clients, teammates and stakeholders; and
•navigating global economic and geopolitical risks and ensuring that the company is well positioned for changes in the credit cycle.
in addition, certain other challenges and unforeseen events could have a near term impact on truist's financial condition and results of operations. see the sections titled "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" for additional examples of such challenges.
38 truist financial corporation analysis of results of operations net interest income and nim
2019 compared to 2018
net interest income on a te basis was $7.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $631 million compared to the same period in 2018. interest income increased $1.3 billion, which reflects both earning asset growth and higher earning asset yields. interest expense increased $658 million due primarily to higher funding costs reflecting the lagged impact of 2018 increases in the federal funds rate.
net interest margin was 3.42% for the year ended december 31, 2019, down four basis points compared to the same period of 2018. loan yields during 2019 averaged 4.99%, up 22 basis points year over year. the increase was due primarily to the lagged effect of rate increases in 2018. the yield on the average securities portfolio for the year ended december 31, 2019 was 2.62%, up 13 basis points compared to the same period of 2018 aided by the portfolio restructurings during 2019.
average earning assets for 2019 were $216.4 billion, up $20.6 billion compared to 2018, driven by an increase in total loans and leases of $15.2 billion and an increase in securities of $3.5 billion.
the average cost of total deposits for the year ended december 31, 2019 was 0.64%, up 23 basis points compared to 2018. the average cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.93% in 2019, up 31 basis points compared to the prior year. the average rate on short-term borrowings and long-term debt increased 48 and 34 basis points, respectively, to 2.34% and 3.22% during 2019. average interest-bearing liabilities were $151.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, up $17.6 billion compared to 2018 driven by a $14.1 billion increase in interest-bearing deposits and a $2.5 billion increase in short-term borrowings.
upon completion of the merger, the merged suntrust loan portfolio was marked to fair value in accordance with gaap. the below table includes the associated fair value marks by loan category, together with the company's current expectation for when half of each fair value mark will be accreted into interest income. current period results reflect $141 million of loan mark accretion arising from the merger. as discussed in "note 2. business combinations", the company's purchase price allocation is preliminary and related fair value estimates are subject to change. loan mark accretion may vary from period to period based on prepayments, which may shorten or extend the expected lives of the related loans and leases.
(dollars in millions)                                       c&amp;i             commercial other        mortgage            consumer other       pci fair value mark at dec 6, 2019                              $(1,668)            $(288)                  $(1,292)            $(840)               $(425)
expected half-life of purchase accounting accretion         1-2 years           2-3 years               5-7 years           2-3 years            varies the major components of net interest income and the related annualized yields as well as the variances between the periods caused by changes in interest rates versus changes in volumes are summarized below.
truist financial corporation 39
table 5: taxable-equivalent net interest income and rate / volume analysis (1)
2019 vs. 2018                                                                                                     2018 vs. 2017
year ended december 31,                                                                                      average balances (5)                                                                                                                      yield/rate                                                                                                                   income/expense                                                           incr.                   change due to                       incr.          change due to
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (decr.)                                                     (decr.)
2019                                                                                           2018                          2017                    2019                    2018                    2017                        2019                        2018                        2017                                                rate                     volume                                         rate                  volume assets total securities, at amortized cost: (2)
u.s. treasury                                              $2,644                        $3,800                        $4,179                    2.01   %                1.89   %                1.71   %                     $53                         $72                         $72                     $(19)                        $4                     $(23)                      $-                    $7                   $(7)
gse                                                         2,402                         2,394                         2,385                    2.26                    2.23                    2.22                          53                          54                          53                       (1)                       (1)                         -                       1                     1                      -
agency mbs                                                 44,710                        39,559                        37,250                    2.59                    2.45                    2.26                       1,161                         969                         841                       192                        59                       133                     128                    74                     54
states and political subdivisions                             587                           958                         1,748                    3.73                    3.68                    4.77                          21                          35                          83                      (14)                         -                      (14)                    (48)                  (16)                   (32)
non-agency mbs                                                269                           349                           411                   14.05                   11.93                   18.80                          38                          42                          77                       (4)                         7                      (11)                    (35)                  (25)                   (10)
other                                                          33                            40                            56                    3.75                    3.34                    2.17                           1                           1                           1                         -                         -                         -                       -                     -                      -
total securities                                           50,645                        47,100                        46,029                    2.62                    2.49                    2.45                       1,327                       1,173                       1,127                       154                        69                        85                      46                    41                      5
interest earning trading assets                             1,277                           633                         1,477                    2.02                    3.82                    1.68                          26                          24                          25                         2                      (15)                        17                     (1)                    19                   (20)
other earning assets (3)                                    2,888                         1,618                         2,007                    2.89                    2.63                    1.43                          83                          43                          28                        40                         5                        35                      15                    21                    (6)
loans and leases, net of unearned income: (4)
commercial and industrial                                  67,435                        59,663                        57,994                    4.25                    3.98                    3.59                       2,868                       2,374                       2,080                       494                       169                       325                     294                   233                     61
cre                                                        17,651                        16,994                        16,349                    4.79                    4.67                    4.11                         849                         798                         672                        51                        21                        30                     126                    98                     28
commercial construction                                     4,061                         4,441                         4,148                    5.23                    4.79                    3.98                         208                         209                         165                       (1)                        19                      (20)                      44                    33                     11
lease financing                                             2,443                         1,917                         1,726                    3.44                    3.19                    2.82                          84                          61                          49                        23                         5                        18                      12                     6                      6
residential mortgage                                       31,668                        29,932                        29,140                    4.08                    4.05                    4.02                       1,291                       1,212                       1,170                        79                         9                        70                      42                     9                     33
residential home equity and direct                         12,716                        11,860                        12,163                    5.97                    5.41                    4.79                         759                         641                         582                       118                        70                        48                      59                    74                   (15)
indirect auto                                              12,545                        11,215                        12,388                    8.51                    8.18                    7.27                       1,068                         917                         901                       151                        38                       113                      16                   106                   (90)
indirect other                                              6,654                         5,896                         5,452                    6.65                    6.25                    6.05                         443                         368                         329                        75                        25                        50                      39                    11                     28
student                                                       460                             -                             -                    5.20                       -                       -                          24                           -                           -                        24                         -                        24                       -                     -                      -
credit card                                                 3,181                         2,723                         2,467                    9.05                    8.73                    8.26                         288                         238                         204                        50                         9                        41                      34                    12                     22
pci                                                           631                           548                           784                   16.05                   19.64                   18.86                         102                         108                         148                       (6)                      (21)                        15                    (40)                     6                   (46)
total loans and leases hfi                                159,445                       145,189                       142,611                    5.01                    4.77                    4.42                       7,984                       6,926                       6,300                     1,058                       344                       714                     626                   588                     38
lhfs                                                        2,159                         1,228                         1,464                    3.91                    4.13                    3.62                          85                          50                          53                        35                       (3)                        38                     (3)                     7                   (10)
total loans and leases                                    161,604                       146,417                       144,075                    4.99                    4.77                    4.41                       8,069                       6,976                       6,353                     1,093                       341                       752                     623                   595                     28
total earning assets                                      216,414                       195,768                       193,588                    4.39                    4.20                    3.89                       9,505                       8,216                       7,533                     1,289                       400                       889                     683                   676                      7
nonearning assets                                          31,080                        26,505                        27,477
total assets                                             $247,494                      $222,273                      $221,065
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing deposits:
interest-checking                                         $31,592                       $26,951                       $28,033                    0.62                    0.43                    0.25                         197                         116                          70                        81                        59                        22                      46                    49                    (3)
money market and savings                                   67,922                        62,257                        63,061                    0.91                    0.62                    0.30                         621                         387                         190                       234                       196                        38                     197                   199                    (2)
time deposits                                              17,970                        13,963                        14,133                    1.54                    0.94                    0.51                         277                         132                          72                       145                       100                        45                      60                    61                    (1)
foreign office deposits - interest-bearing                    272                           494                         1,142                    2.35                    1.67                    1.05                           6                           9                          12                       (3)                         2                       (5)                     (3)                     6                    (9)
total interest-bearing deposits (6)                       117,756                       103,665                       106,369                    0.93                    0.62                    0.32                       1,101                         644                         344                       457                       357                       100                     300                   315                   (15)
short-term borrowings                                       8,462                         5,955                         4,311                    2.34                    1.86                    0.94                         198                         111                          41                        87                        33                        54                      70                    50                     20
long-term debt                                             24,756                        23,755                        21,660                    3.22                    2.88                    2.10                         797                         683                         454                       114                        84                        30                     229                   182                     47
total interest-bearing liabilities                        150,974                       133,375                       132,340                    1.39                    1.08                    0.63                       2,096                       1,438                         839                       658                       474                       184                     599                   547                     52
noninterest-bearing deposits (6)                           55,513                        53,818                        52,872
other liabilities                                           6,899                         5,337                         5,852
shareholders' equity                                       34,108                        29,743                        30,001
total liabilities and shareholders' equity               $247,494                      $222,273                      $221,065
average interest-rate spread                                                                                                                     3.00   %                3.12   %                3.26   %
nim/net interest income                                                                                                                          3.42   %                3.46   %                3.46   %                  $7,409                      $6,778                      $6,694                      $631                     $(74)                      $705                     $84                  $129                  $(45)
taxable-equivalent adjustment                                                                                                                                                                                                 $96                         $96                        $159
(1) yields are stated on a te basis utilizing federal tax rate. the change in interest not solely due to changes in rate or volume has been allocated on a pro-rata basis based on the absolute dollar amount of each.
(2) total securities include afs and htm securities.
(3) includes cash equivalents, interest-bearing deposits with banks, fhlb stock and other earning assets.
(4) loan fees, which are not material for any of the periods shown, are included for rate calculation purposes. npls are included in the average balances.
(5) excludes basis adjustments for fair value hedges.
(6) total deposit costs were 0.64%, 0.41% and 0.22% for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
40 truist financial corporation provision for credit losses
2019 compared to 2018
the provision for credit losses totaled $615 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $566 million for 2018. net charge-offs for the year ended december 31, 2019 were $634 million, compared to $524 million for 2018.
net charge-offs were 0.40% of average loans and leases for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to 0.36% of average loans and leases for 2018. the increase in net charge-offs was primarily related to credit cards, indirect auto and cre.
noninterest income noninterest income is a significant contributor to truist's financial results. management focuses on diversifying its sources of revenue to further reduce truist's reliance on traditional spread-based interest income, as certain fee-based activities are a relatively stable revenue source during periods of changing interest rates.
table 6: noninterest income
% change year ended december 31,                                                                                    2019                    2018                    2017                 2019 vs. 2018                 2018 vs. 2017
(dollars in millions)
insurance income                                                                                      $2,072                  $1,852                  $1,754                      11.9      %                    5.6      %
service charges on deposits                                                                              762                     712                     706                       7.0                           0.8
wealth management income                                                                                 715                     660                     594                       8.3                          11.1
card and payment related fees                                                                            555                     522                     501                       6.3                           4.2
residential mortgage income                                                                              285                     258                     309                      10.5                        (16.5)
investment banking and trading income                                                                    244                     154                     203                      58.4                        (24.1)
operating lease income                                                                                   153                     145                     146                       5.5                         (0.7)
income from bank-owned life insurance                                                                    129                     116                     122                      11.2                         (4.9)
lending related fees                                                                                     124                      99                     101                      25.3                         (2.0)
commercial real estate related income                                                                    116                     100                     106                      16.0                         (5.7)
securities gains (losses), net                                                                         (116)                       3                     (1)                        nm                            nm other income                                                                                             216                     255                     241                    (15.3)                           5.8
total noninterest income                                                                              $5,255                  $4,876                  $4,782                       7.8                           2.0
2019 compared to 2018
noninterest income for the year ended december 31, 2019 was $5.3 billion, up $379 million compared to 2018. approximately $217 million of the increase was due to the contribution from the merger.
insurance income was $2.1 billion, up $220 million compared to 2018 due to higher production levels and insurance acquisitions, which contributed $80 million in 2019.
investment banking and trading income was $244 million, up $90 million compared to 2018. merged operations contributed $54 million and increased client derivative activities contributed $24 million towards the variance.
residential mortgage income was $285 million, up $27 million compared to 2018 due to an increase in net msrs valuation adjustments, partially offset by lower production-related revenues due to lower sales volumes prior to the merger.
the increases in noninterest income were partially offset by $116 million in losses arising from the sale of $33.2 billion of securities.
truist financial corporation 41
noninterest expense the following table provides a breakdown of truist's noninterest expense:
table 7: noninterest expense
% change year ended december 31,                                                                                             2019                    2018                    2017                    2019 vs. 2018                 2018 vs. 2017
(dollars in millions)
personnel expense                                                                                              $4,833                  $4,313                  $4,226                         12.1      %                    2.1      %
net occupancy expense                                                                                             507                     491                     538                          3.3                         (8.7)
professional fees and outside processing                                                                          433                     365                     369                         18.6                         (1.1)
software expense                                                                                                  338                     272                     242                         24.3                          12.4
equipment expense                                                                                                 280                     267                     246                          4.9                           8.5
marketing and customer development                                                                                137                     102                      94                         34.3                           8.5
depreciation - property under operating leases                                                                    136                     120                     120                         13.3                             -
loan-related expense                                                                                              123                     108                     130                         13.9                        (16.9)
amortization of intangibles                                                                                       164                     131                     142                         25.2                         (7.7)
regulatory costs                                                                                                   81                     134                     153                       (39.6)                        (12.4)
merger-related and restructuring charges, net                                                                     360                     146                     115                        146.6                          27.0
other expense                                                                                                     542                     483                     677                         12.2                        (28.7)
total noninterest expense                                                                                      $7,934                  $6,932                  $7,444                         14.5                         (6.9)
2019 compared to 2018
noninterest expense totaled $7.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $1.0 billion, or 14.5%, from 2018. merger-related and restructuring expense was $360 million, up $214 million due primarily to the merger and the decision to exit a business. additionally, the year ended december 31, 2019 included $164 million of incremental operating expenses related to the merger. excluding these items, noninterest expense was up $624 million, of which approximately $400 million was due to noninterest expenses from the merged operations.
personnel expense was $4.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $520 million compared to 2018. the increase includes $227 million related to personnel expenses of the merged operations and $123 million in incremental operating expenses related to the merger as well as a $157 million increase in production-based and other incentives, including the impact from the regions insurance acquisition.
marketing and customer development expense increased $35 million due to higher household growth initiative expenses and merged operations.
amortization of intangibles increased $33 million primarily due to the new intangibles created in the merger.
other expense increased $59 million primarily due to the merged operations and higher pension expense.
the increases in noninterest expense were partially offset by a decrease in regulatory charges of $53 million due largely to the dif reaching the targeted level.
42 truist financial corporation merger-related and restructuring charges truist has incurred certain merger-related and restructuring charges, which include:
•severance and personnel-related costs or credits;
•occupancy and equipment charges or credits, which relate to costs or gains associated with lease terminations, obsolete equipment write-offs and the sale of duplicate facilities and equipment;
•professional services, which relate to legal and investment banking advisory fees and other consulting services pertaining to restructuring initiatives or transactions;
•systems conversion and related charges, which represent costs to integrate the entity's information technology systems;
•other merger-related and restructuring charges or credits, which include expenses necessary to convert and combine the acquired branches and operations of merged companies, direct media advertising related to the mergers and acquisitions, asset and supply inventory write-offs, and other similar charges; and
•writes-offs related to exiting certain businesses.
merger-related and restructuring accruals are established when the costs are incurred or once all requirements for a plan to dispose of or outsource certain business functions have been approved by management. merger and restructuring accruals are re-evaluated periodically and adjusted as necessary. the remaining accruals at december 31, 2019 are generally expected to be utilized within one year, unless they relate to specific contracts that expire later.
the 2019 merger-related and restructuring costs primarily reflect higher charges as a result of the merger, including costs for severance and other benefits and costs related to exiting facilities, while the 2018 costs primarily reflect branch closures and other restructuring initiatives.
the following table presents a summary of merger-related and restructuring charges and the related accruals:
table 8: merger-related and restructuring accrual activity
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                             accrual at jan 1, 2018                      expense         utilized            accrual at dec 31, 2018                    expense (2)         utilized                  accrual at dec 31, 2019 (2)
severance and personnel-related                                                                                                                                                                                   $14                                        $61            $(32)                 $43                                         $149            $(146)                                   $46
occupancy and equipment (1)                                                                                                                                                                              20                                                   63             (60)                 n/a                                           13              (13)                                   n/a professional services                                                                                                                                                                                             -                                            4              (3)                                 1                            102              (61)                                    42
systems conversion and related costs                                                                                                                                                                              -                                            5              (5)                 -                                              4               (4)                                     -
other adjustments                                                                                                                                                                                                 -                                           13             (13)                 -                                             92              (91)                                     1
total                                                                                                                                                                                                             $34                                       $146           $(113)                 $44                                         $360            $(315)                                   $89
(1) certain lease reserves are no longer required as a result of new lease accounting guidance adopted in the first quarter of 2019. see additional information in "note 1. basis of presentation."
(2) includes $298 million of expense for 2019 and $76 million of accrued expenses at december 31, 2019, respectively, for the merger.
segment results effective at the close of the merger, several business activities were realigned within the segments. see "note 21. operating segments" for additional disclosures related to truist's operating segments, the internal accounting and reporting practices used to manage these segments and financial disclosures for these segments, including additional details related to results of operations.
table 9: net income by reportable segment
% change year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                             2019                    2018                    2017                 2019 vs. 2018                 2018 vs. 2017
(dollars in millions)
consumer banking and wealth                                                                                                                                    $1,712                  $1,488                  $1,070                      15.1      %                   39.1      %
corporate and commercial banking                                                                                                                                1,841                   1,546                   1,170                      19.1                          32.1
insurance holdings                                                                                                                                                319                     253                     161                      26.1                          57.1
other, treasury &amp; corporate                                                                                                                                 (635)                    (30)                      14                        nm                            nm truist financial corporation                                                                                                                                   $3,237                  $3,257                  $2,415                     (0.6)                          34.9
truist financial corporation 43
2019 compared to 2018
consumer banking and wealth consumer banking and wealth had 2,958 banking offices at december 31, 2019, an increase of 1,079 offices compared to december 31, 2018. the increase in offices was driven primarily by the merger, partially offset by the consolidation of nearby financial centers and closure of certain lower volume branches prior to the merger.
consumer banking and wealth net income was $1.7 billion, an increase of $224 million, or 15.1%, compared to 2018. segment net interest income increased $577 million driven by average loan growth, higher funding spreads on deposits and the merger. noninterest income increased $161 million due primarily to an increase in service charges on deposits, wealth management income, checkcard fees and the merger. noninterest expense increased $449 million driven by higher personnel expense, amortization of intangibles, merger-related charges and allocated corporate expenses primarily attributable to the merger, as well as higher operating charge-offs and pension expense, excluding service costs. the allocated provision for income taxes increased $58 million due primarily to higher pre-tax income.
consumer banking and wealth average loans and leases hfi increased $6.9 billion, or 10.8%, compared to 2018 driven primarily by the merger, mortgage warehouse loans and indirect auto loans. average loan and leases hfi for mortgage, indirect auto, and home equity and direct lending increased $1.7 billion, or 5.8%, $1.3 billion, or 11.9%, and $891 million, or 7.5%, respectively.
consumer banking and wealth average total deposits increased $8.4 billion, or 10.1%, compared to 2018 driven primarily by the merger, money market and savings accounts, and noninterest-bearing deposits. average noninterest-bearing deposits, money market and savings accounts, and time deposits increased $2.4 billion, or 14.0%, $4.0 billion, or 10.6%, and $1.3 billion, or 11.6%, respectively.
client assets under administration totaled $349.7 billion as of december 31, 2019, an increase of $190.2 billion, or 119.2%, compared to 2018, primarily due to the merger.
corporate and commercial banking corporate and commercial banking net income was $1.8 billion for 2019, an increase of $295 million, or 19.1%, compared to 2018. segment net interest income increased $302 million, driven by higher funding spreads on deposits, organic loan growth and the merger, partially offset by lower credit spreads on loans. noninterest income increased $161 million primarily due to the merger and higher revenue from client derivatives, loan fees and gains on finance leases, partially offset by tax credit valuation adjustments and lower private equity investment income. noninterest expense increased $190 million driven by higher personnel expense, merger-related charges, and amortization of intangibles primarily attributable to the merger as well as lower credits for capitalized employee costs. the allocated provision for income taxes decreased $13 million primarily due to higher tax credits.
corporate and commercial banking average loans and leases hfi increased $7.3 billion, or 9.3%, compared to 2018 driven primarily by the merger and growth in corporate loans. average loan and leases hfi for the corporate and institutional group increased $5.4 billion, or 21.8%, driven primarily by commercial and industrial loans, and lease financing, while average loans and leases hfi for commercial community banking increased $1.8 billion, or 3.5%, driven primarily by commercial and industrial loans.
corporate and commercial banking average total deposits increased $4.3 billion, or 6.3%, compared to 2018 driven primarily by the merger and commercial community banking money market savings accounts. average interest checking increased $3.7 billion, or 41.0%, and average money market and savings increased $981 million, or 4.2%, while average noninterest-bearing deposits declined $653 million, or 1.8%.
insurance holdings insurance holdings net income was $319 million in 2019, an increase of $66 million, or 26.1%, compared to 2018. noninterest income increased $240 million primarily due to the acquisition of regions insurance, which contributed $78 million, and organic growth in commercial property and casualty and life insurance commissions. noninterest expense increased $162 million driven by higher salaries, commission-based incentives, the acquisition of regions insurance and merger-related and restructuring charges.
44 truist financial corporation other, treasury and corporate other, treasury and corporate generated a net loss of $635 million in 2019, compared to a net loss of $30 million in 2018. segment net interest income decreased $264 million driven by an increase in the net credit for funds provided to other operating segments, an increase in average balances and rates for long-term debt and short-term borrowings, partially offset by an increase in average balances and rates for securities. noninterest income decreased $183 million due primarily to losses on the sale of securities and lower hedge and client derivative income, partially offset by an increase in income related to certain post-employment benefits. the allocated provision for credit losses increased $45 million driven primarily by an increase in the provision for unfunded commitments and purchased credit-impaired loans compared to 2018. noninterest expense increased $201 million driven by the merger, merger-related charges, lower credits for capitalized employee costs and an increase in expense related to certain post-retirement benefits, partially offset by lower restructuring charges. the benefit for income taxes increased $88 million due primarily to an increase in the pre-tax loss, partially offset by a lower tax benefit from discrete items compared to 2018.
analysis of financial condition investment activities truist board-approved investment policy is carried out by the mrlcc, which meets regularly to review the economic environment and establish investment strategies. the mrlcc also has much broader responsibilities, which are discussed in the "market risk management" section in md&a.
investment strategies are reviewed by the mrlcc based on the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix, actual and anticipated loan demand, funding opportunities and the overall interest rate sensitivity of the company. in general, the goals of the investment portfolio are: (i) to provide a sufficient margin of liquid assets to meet unanticipated deposit and loan fluctuations and overall funds management objectives; (ii) to provide eligible securities to secure public funds, trust deposits and other borrowings; and (iii) to earn an optimal return on funds invested commensurate with meeting the requirements of (i) and (ii) and consistent with our risk appetite.
truist bank invests in securities allowable under bank regulations. these securities may include obligations of the u.s. treasury, u.s. government agencies, gses (including mbs), bank eligible obligations of any state or political subdivision, non-agency mbs, structured notes, bank eligible corporate obligations (including corporate debentures), commercial paper, negotiable cds, bankers acceptances, mutual funds and limited types of equity securities.
table 10: composition of securities portfolio december 31,                                         2019                                2018
(dollars in millions)
afs securities (at fair value):
u.s. treasury                                $2,276                              $3,441
gse                                           1,881                                 200
agency mbs - residential                     68,236                              19,426
agency mbs - commercial                       1,341                                 729
states and political subdivisions               585                                 701
non-agency mbs                                  368                                 505
other                                            40                                  36
total afs securities                         74,727                              25,038
htm securities (at amortized cost):
u.s. treasury                                     -                               1,099
gse                                               -                               2,199
agency mbs - residential                          -                              17,248
states and political subdivisions                 -                                   5
other                                             -                                   1
total htm securities                              -                              20,552
total securities                            $74,727                             $45,590
the securities portfolio totaled $74.7 billion at december 31, 2019, compared to $45.6 billion at december 31, 2018. the increase in the securities portfolio was due primarily to the merger, which contributed $31.0 billion in afs securities. during the fourth quarter of 2019, the company transferred the securities previously classified as htm to afs in response to changes in regulatory capital rules. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2019, the company sold $33.2 billion of securities to improve yield and lower premium amortization risk resulting in $116 million in securities losses. the majority of the proceeds were reinvested in new securities to achieve the desired level of afs securities for truist.
truist financial corporation 45
as of december 31, 2019, approximately 3.6% of the securities portfolio was variable rate, compared to 6.5% as of december 31, 2018. the effective duration of the securities portfolio excluding certain non-agency mbs was 4.7 years at december 31, 2019, compared to 4.8 years at december 31, 2018.
u.s. treasury, gse and agency mbs represented 98.7% of the total securities portfolio as of december 31, 2019, compared to 97.3% as of the prior year end.
the following table presents the securities portfolio at december 31, 2019, segregated by major category of security holdings with ranges of maturities and average yields disclosed:
table 11: securities yields by major category and maturity december 31, 2019                                                                                                    afs
(dollars in millions)
fair value                          effective yield (1)
u.s. treasury:
within one year                                                $1,367                                      2.26        %
one to five years                                                 893                                      1.46
five to ten years                                                  16                                      1.73
total                                                           2,276                                      1.94
gse:
one to five years                                               1,800                                      2.30
after ten years                                                    81                                      3.03
total                                                           1,881                                      2.33
agency mbs - residential: (2)
one to five years                                                   1                                      3.73
five to ten years                                                 554                                      2.43
after ten years                                                67,681                                      2.79
total                                                          68,236                                      2.78
agency mbs - commercial: (2)
one to five years                                                   1                                      2.80
five to ten years                                                  10                                      2.86
after ten years                                                 1,330                                      2.64
total                                                           1,341                                      2.64
states and political subdivisions:
within one year                                                    35                                      3.40
one to five years                                                 100                                      3.29
five to ten years                                                 226                                      3.57
after ten years                                                   224                                      3.71
total                                                             585                                      3.57
non-agency mbs: (2)
after ten years                                                   368                                     14.86
other:
within one year                                                     2                                      3.45
one to five years                                                   7                                      3.43
five to ten years                                                   1                                      2.93
after ten years                                                    30                                      3.36
total                                                              40                                      3.36
total securities                                              $74,727                                      2.81
(1) yields represent interest computed under the effective interest method on a te basis using the federal income tax rate and the amortized cost of the securities.
(2) for purposes of the maturity table, mbs, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been included in maturity groupings based on the contractual maturity. the expected life of mbs will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay the underlying mortgage loans.
46 truist financial corporation lending activities truist strives to meet the credit needs of its clients while pursuing a balanced strategy of loan profitability, loan growth and loan quality. management believes that this purpose can best be accomplished by building strong client relationships over time and developing in-depth local market knowledge. truist's lending process adheres to a consistent company-wide credit culture. the company employs strict underwriting criteria governing the degree of risk assumed and the diversity of the loan portfolio in terms of type, industry and geographical concentration.
truist lends to a diverse client base that is geographically dispersed to mitigate concentration risk arising from local and regional economic downturns. international loans were immaterial as of december 31, 2019 and 2018. the following discussion provides additional information on the company's loan and lease portfolios. refer to the "risk management" section for a discussion of the credit risk management policies used to manage the portfolios.
commercial loan and lease portfolio commercial loans and leases represent the largest category of the company's loan and lease portfolio. c&cb generally targets small-to-middle market businesses with annual sales between $2 million and $500 million, while truist's commercial banking provides lending solutions to large commercial clients. the commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of lending to public and private business clients and is composed of commercial and industrial, owner occupied, equipment leasing and financing and commercial real estate, as well as government and institutional financing.
in accordance with the company's lending policy, each commercial loan undergoes a detailed underwriting process. commercial loans are typically priced with an interest rate tied to market indices, such as the prime rate or libor and are individually monitored and reviewed for deterioration in the ability of the client to repay the loan. the majority of truist's commercial loans are secured by real estate, business equipment, inventories and other types of collateral.
residential mortgage loan portfolio truist bank offers various types of fixed and adjustable-rate loans for the purpose of constructing, purchasing or refinancing residential properties. truist primarily originates conforming mortgage loans and higher quality jumbo and construction-to-permanent loans for owner-occupied properties. conforming loans are loans that are underwritten in accordance with the underwriting standards set forth by fnma and fhlmc. they are generally collateralized by one-to-four-family residential real estate, typically have loan-to-collateral value ratios of 80% or less at origination, or have mortgage insurance as required by investors and are made to borrowers in good credit standing.
risks associated with mortgage lending include interest rate risk, which is mitigated through the sale of a substantial portion of conforming fixed-rate loans in the secondary mortgage market, and an effective msr hedging process. credit risk is managed through rigorous underwriting procedures and mortgage insurance. the right to service the loans and receive servicing income is generally retained when conforming loans are sold. management believes that the retention of mortgage servicing is a relationship driver in retail banking and a part of management's strategy to establish long-term client relationships and offer high quality client service. truist also purchases residential mortgage loans from correspondent originators. the loans purchased from third-party originators are subject to substantially the same underwriting and risk-management criteria as loans originated internally.
residential home equity and direct loan portfolio the residential home equity and direct loan portfolio is composed of a wide variety of secured and unsecured loans offered through truist's branch network, as well as loans originated by lightstream, truist's national online consumer lending division. loans originated through the truist branch network include revolving home equity lines of credit secured by first or second liens on residential real estate and certain other secured and unsecured lending marketed to qualifying clients and other creditworthy candidates in truist's market areas. lightstream provides fixed-rate, unsecured lending to consumers with strong credit through its proprietary online loan origination system.
truist financial corporation 47
indirect auto loan portfolio the indirect auto portfolio primarily includes secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used automobiles. the indirect auto portfolio also includes nonprime and near prime automobile finance. such loans are originated through approved franchised and independent dealers throughout the truist market area and nationally through regional acceptance corporation. these loans are relatively homogeneous and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. indirect auto loans are subject to rigorous lending policies and procedures and are underwritten with note amounts and credit limits that are consistent with the company's risk philosophy. in addition to its normal underwriting due diligence, truist uses application systems and scoring systems to help underwrite and manage the credit risk in its indirect auto portfolio.
indirect other loan portfolio the indirect other portfolio includes secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used boats and recreational vehicles. the indirect other portfolio also includes small ticket consumer lending related to the purchase of power sports equipment. these loans are relatively homogeneous and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. these loans are subject to similar rigorous lending policies and procedures as the indirect auto loan portfolio. the indirect other loan portfolio also includes other indirect lending to consumers to finance home improvements, furniture purchases, and certain elective health-care services. these loans are originated in accordance with strict underwriting criteria as determined by truist.
student loan portfolio the student loan portfolio is composed of securitized government-guaranteed student loans and certain private student loans originated by third parties. the government guarantee mitigates substantially all of the risk related to principal and interest repayment for this component of the portfolio. private student loans are purchased from third-party originators with credit enhancements that partially mitigate the company's credit exposure.
credit card loan portfolio the credit card portfolio consists of the outstanding balances on credit cards. truist markets credit cards to its existing client base and does not solicit cardholders through nationwide programs or other forms of mass marketing. such balances are generally unsecured and actively managed.
pci the pci balance includes loans acquired with credit deterioration subsequent to origination as well as loans that were formerly covered by loss sharing agreements. refer to "note 5. loans and acl" for additional information.
the following table summarizes the loan portfolio:
table 12: composition of loans and leases as of period end december 31,                              2019                                                 2018                          2017                          2016   2015
(dollars in millions)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                $130,180                       $61,935                       $59,153                       $57,739                       $53,746
cre                                                        26,832                        16,808                        17,173                        15,945                        14,580
commercial construction                                     6,205                         4,252                         4,090                         3,819                         3,732
lease financing                                             6,122                         2,018                         1,911                         1,677                         1,535
consumer:
residential mortgage                                       52,071                        31,393                        28,725                        29,921                        30,533
residential home equity and direct                         27,044                        11,775                        12,088                        12,295                        11,341
indirect auto                                              24,442                        11,282                        11,641                        13,342                        12,139
indirect other                                             11,100                         6,143                         5,594                         5,222                         4,914
student                                                     6,743                             -                             -                             -                             -
credit card                                                 5,619                         2,941                         2,675                         2,452                         2,309
pci                                                         3,484                           466                           651                           910                         1,122
total loans and leases hfi                                299,842                       149,013                       143,701                       143,322                       135,951
lhfs                                                        8,373                           988                         1,099                         1,716                         1,035
total loans and leases                                   $308,215                      $150,001                      $144,800                      $145,038                      $136,986
48 truist financial corporation loans and leases hfi were $299.8 billion at december 31, 2019, an increase of $150.8 billion compared to 2018, which was driven primarily by the merger. lhfs at december 31, 2019 were $8.4 billion, an increase of $7.4 billion compared to the prior year driven by the merger as well as certain strategic actions which resulted in loans moving to lhfs. at december 31, 2019, there were $2.7 billion in lhfs measured on a nonrecurring basis primarily as a result of these strategic actions.
the company has undertaken a number of strategic actions to enhance the credit quality and interest-rate sensitivity of its loan and lease portfolio. during the third quarter of 2019, management sold a $4.3 billion residential mortgage loan portfolio. this sale was followed by a number of balance sheet restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2019, including the transfer of:
•$2.5 billion of residential mortgage loans to lhfs;
•$356 million of commercial loans to lhfs as a result of a decision to exit a business; and
•$381 million of mortgage, consumer and commercial loans to lhfs related to the forthcoming branch divestiture arising from the merger.
in addition, $1.4 billion of commercial exposures, of which $516 million were funded, were included in the lhfs portfolio of suntrust at the merger date.
the merger and the strategic actions highlighted above were the primary drivers of change across the entire loan portfolio. additional changes include the following:
•commercial and industrial loans increased $1.2 billion due primarily to strong growth in a number of industry verticals and client segments including mortgage warehouse lending, premium finance, dealer floor plan and equipment finance.
•residential mortgage loans decreased $6.2 billion due to the transfer of loans to held for sale and a higher proportion of originations being sold rather than retained in the portfolio.
scheduled repayments are reported in the maturity category in which the payment is due. determinations of maturities are based on contractual terms. truist's credit policy typically does not permit automatic renewal of loans. at the scheduled maturity date (including balloon payment date), the client generally must request a new loan to replace the matured loan and execute either a new note or note modification with rate, terms and conditions negotiated at that time.
table 13: commercial loan maturities december 31, 2019                                         1 year or less                   over 1 to 5 years                    after 5 years                         total
(dollars in millions)
fixed rate:
commercial and industrial                                  $5,913                            $11,570                           $16,923                          $34,406
cre                                                           489                              2,418                             2,689                            5,596
commercial construction                                        14                                118                               137                              269
lease financing                                               232                              2,511                             1,949                            4,692
total fixed rate                                            6,648                             16,617                            21,698                           44,963
variable rate:
commercial and industrial                                  16,671                             59,122                            19,981                           95,774
cre                                                         2,492                             12,438                             6,306                           21,236
commercial construction                                     1,869                              3,618                               449                            5,936
lease financing                                                34                                685                               711                            1,430
total variable rate                                        21,066                             75,863                            27,447                          124,376
total commercial loans and leases                         $27,714                            $92,480                           $49,145                         $169,339
certain residential mortgage loans have an initial period where the borrower is only required to pay the periodic interest. after the interest-only period, the loan will require the payment of both interest and principal over the remaining term. the outstanding balances of variable rate residential mortgage loans in the interest-only phase were approximately $392 million and $64 million at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively.
truist financial corporation 49
the following table presents the composition of average loans and leases for the most recent calendar quarters:
table 14: composition of average loans and leases for the three months ended(dollars in millions)                         dec 31, 2019                     sep 30, 2019                     jun 30, 2019                     mar 31, 2019                     dec 31, 2018
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                             $81,853                          $63,768                          $62,563                          $61,370                          $60,553
cre                                                                    19,896                           17,042                           16,854                           16,786                           16,914
commercial construction                                                 4,506                            3,725                            3,894                            4,119                            4,387
lease financing                                                         3,357                            2,260                            2,122                            2,021                            1,990
consumer:
residential mortgage                                                   34,824                           28,410                           32,066                           31,370                           31,103
residential home equity and direct                                     15,810                           11,650                           11,687                           11,681                           11,790
indirect auto                                                          15,390                           11,810                           11,633                           11,308                           11,255
indirect other                                                          7,772                            6,552                            6,246                            6,029                            6,181
student                                                                 1,825                                -                                -                                -                                -
credit card                                                             3,788                            3,036                            2,970                            2,922                            2,880
pci                                                                     1,220          411                              432                              455                              486
total average loans and leases hfi                                   $190,241                         $148,664                         $150,467                         $148,061                         $147,539
average loans held for investment for the fourth quarter of 2019 were $190.2 billion, up $41.6 billion compared to the third quarter of 2019, primarily due to the merged loans. the discussion below only highlights those portfolios where underlying performance was a meaningful driver of the variance.
average commercial and industrial loans increased $18.1 billion, with the merged portfolio contributing $18.3 billion of the increase. excluding the impact of the merged portfolio, commercial and industrial loans declined slightly compared to the prior quarter, as strong growth in mortgage warehouse lending, premium finance and equipment finance were more than offset by paydowns in the corporate banking portfolio.
average residential mortgage loans held for investment increased $6.4 billion, primarily due to $7.3 billion of growth from the merged portfolio, partially offset by a decline due to the transfer of loans to held for sale and a higher proportion of loan originations being sold rather than retained in the portfolio.
average indirect auto loans increased $3.6 billion over the prior quarter, driven by $3.3 billion of growth from the merged portfolio and $257 million of core portfolio growth.
50 truist financial corporation asset quality the following tables summarize asset quality information for the past five years:
table 15: asset quality december 31,                                                                                 2019                                         2018                    2017                    2016                    2015
(dollars in millions)
npas:
npls:
commercial and industrial                                                                $212                                          $200                    $259                    $369                    $242
cre                                                                                        10                                            63                      37                      40                      38
commercial construction                                                     -                                              2                       8                      17                      13
lease financing                                                                             8                                             3                       1                       4                       1
residential mortgage                                                                       55                                           119                     129                     172                     173
residential home equity and direct                                                         67                                            53                      64                      63                      43
indirect auto                                                                             100                                            82                      71                      71                      66
indirect other                      2                                                                                      -                       1                       -                       -
total npls hfi                                                                            454                                           522                     570                     736                     576
loans held for sale                                                                       107                                             -                       -                       -                       -
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                                         561                                           522                     570                     736                     576
foreclosed real estate                                                                     82                                            35                      32                      50                     108
other foreclosed property                                                                  41                                            28                      25                      27                      28
total nonperforming assets                                                               $684                                          $585                    $627                    $813                    $712
performing tdrs: (1)
commercial and industrial                                                                 $47                                           $65                     $50                     $57                     $50
cre                                                                                         6                                             8                      11                      16                      13
commercial construction             37                                                                                     2                       5                       9                      16
residential mortgage                                                                      470                                           656                     605                     769                     604
residential home equity and direct                                                         51                                            56                      63                      69                      75
indirect auto                                                                             333                                           299                     274                     234                     188
indirect other                      5                                                                                      6                       7                       6                       6
credit card                                                                                31                                            27                      28                      27                      30
total performing tdrs                                                                    $980                                        $1,119                  $1,043                  $1,187                    $982
loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing: (1)
commercial and industrial                                                                  $1                                            $-                      $1                      $-                      $-
cre                                                                                         -                                             -                       1                       -                       -
residential mortgage                                                                      543                                          $405                     465                     522                     541
residential home equity and direct                                                          9                                             8                       6                       6                       7
indirect auto                                                                              11                                             6                       6                       5                       5
indirect other                      2                                                                                      -                       -                       1                       -
student                             188                                                                                    -                       -                       -                       -
credit card                                                                                22                                            13                      12                      12                      10
pci                                                                                     1,218                                            30                      57                      90                     114
total loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing                                $1,994                                          $462                    $548                    $636                    $677
loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing: (1)
commercial and industrial                                                                 $94                                           $34                     $41                     $44                     $53
cre                                                                                         5                                             4                       8                       6                      13
commercial construction             1                                                                                      1                       -                       2                       9
lease financing                                                                             2                                             1                       4                       4                       1
residential mortgage                                                                      498                                           456                     472                     525                     475
residential home equity and direct                                                        122                                            63                      67                      62                      60
indirect auto                                                                             560                                           390                     373                     347                     331
indirect other                      85                                                                                    46                      39                      30                      27
student                             650                                                                                    -                       -                       -                       -
credit card                                                                                56                                            26                      21                      21                      20
pci                                                                                       140                                            23                      27                      36                      42
total loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing                                     $2,213                                        $1,044                  $1,052                  $1,077                  $1,031
(1) excludes loans held for sale.
truist financial corporation 51
nonperforming assets totaled $684 million at december 31, 2019, up $99 million compared to december 31, 2018. this increase was driven by merged loans, which included $107 million and $63 million of loans classified as hfs and hfi, respectively, and $63 million of other nonperforming assets. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in nonperforming residential mortgages loans as a result of loan sales.
nonperforming loans and leases held for investment represented 0.15% of loans and leases hfi, down 20 basis points compared to december 31, 2018. the decline was due primarily to the impact of the merged nonperforming loans being accounted for on a pooled basis in pci and the sale of nonperforming mortgage loans during the year. upon adoption of cecl and the transition from pooled level accounting for pci, nonperforming loans will be identified based on the loan-level characteristics and reported accordingly. there are approximately $500 million of pci loans that would be classified as nonperforming as of december 31, 2019.
performing tdrs were down $139 million compared to the prior year, which was driven by a decrease in residential mortgage loans due to the previously discussed sale that was partially offset by increases in commercial construction loans and indirect auto.
loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing totaled $2.0 billion at december 31, 2019, up $1.5 billion compared to the prior year. this increase is a result of merged loans, including $1.2 billion of pci loans, $193 million of government guaranteed residential mortgages and $188 million of government guaranteed student loans. the ratio of loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.66% at december 31, 2019, an increase of 35 basis points from the prior year. excluding government guaranteed and pci loans, the ratio of loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.03% at december 31, 2019, down from 0.04% at december 31, 2018.
loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing totaled $2.2 billion at december 31, 2019, up $1.2 billion compared to the prior year, due primarily to the merged portfolio that added $1.2 billion. the ratio of loans 30-89 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.74% at december 31, 2019, an increase of four basis points from the prior year. the primary driver of the increase is the addition of the merged guaranteed student loan portfolio.
problem loans include npls and loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing as disclosed in table 15. in addition, for the commercial portfolio segment, loans that are rated special mention or substandard performing are closely monitored by management as potential problem loans. refer to "note 5. loans and acl" for additional disclosures related to these potential problem loans.
table 16: asset quality ratios as of / for the year ended december 31,                                                                             2019                 2018                 2017                 2016                 2015
loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases hfi                            0.74   %             0.70   %             0.73   %             0.75   %             0.76   %
loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases hfi                       0.66                 0.31                 0.38                 0.44                 0.50
npls as a percentage of loans and leases hfi                                                                    0.15                 0.35                 0.40                 0.51                 0.42
nonperforming loans and leases as a percentage of loans and leases (1)                                          0.18                 0.35                 0.40                 0.51                 0.42
npas as a percentage of:
total assets (1)                                                                                                0.14                 0.26                 0.28                 0.37                 0.34
loans and leases hfi plus foreclosed property                                                                   0.19                 0.39                 0.44                 0.57                 0.52
net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases hfi                                                 0.40                 0.36                 0.38                 0.38                 0.35
alll as a percentage of loans and leases hfi                                                                    0.52                 1.05                 1.04                 1.04                 1.07
ratio of alll to:
net charge-offs                                                                                                    2.44x                2.98x                2.78x                2.80x                3.36x npls                                                                                                               3.41x                2.99x                2.62x                2.03x                2.53x loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases hfi (2)                   0.03   %             0.04   %             0.05   %             0.07   %             0.06   %
applicable ratios are annualized.
(1) includes lhfs.
(2) this asset quality ratio has been adjusted to remove the impact of government guaranteed mortgage and student loans and pci. management believes the inclusion of such assets in this asset quality ratio results in distortion of this ratio such that it might not be reflective of asset collectability or might not be comparable to other periods presented or to other portfolios that do not have government guarantees or were not impacted by pci accounting requirements.
52 truist financial corporation the following table presents activity related to npas:
table 17: rollforward of npas
(dollars in millions)                                        2019                      2018
balance, january 1                                       $585                      $627
new npas                                                1,499                     1,184
advances and principal increases                          143                       400
disposals of foreclosed assets (1)                      (479)                     (459)
disposals of npls (2)                                   (239)                      (95)
charge-offs and losses                                  (295)                     (243)
payments                                                (392)                     (673)
transfers to performing status                          (137)                     (155)
other, net                                                (1)                       (1)
ending balance, december 31                              $684                      $585
(1) includes charge-offs and losses recorded upon sale of $228 million and $216 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(2) includes charge-offs and losses recorded upon sale of $39 million and $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
tdrs occur when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to experience, financial difficulties in the near term and a concession has been granted to the borrower. as a result, truist will work with the borrower to prevent further difficulties and seek to improve the likelihood of recovery on the loan. to facilitate this process, a concessionary modification that would not otherwise be considered may be granted, resulting in classification of the loan as a tdr.
tdrs identified by suntrust prior to the merger date are not included in truist's tdr disclosure because all such loans were recorded at fair value and a new accounting basis was established as of the merger. subsequent modifications will be evaluated and recorded as tdrs in accordance with truist's accounting policies.
the following table provides a summary of performing tdr activity:
table 18: rollforward of performing tdrs
(dollars in millions)                                              2019                            2018
balance, january 1                                          $1,119                          $1,043
inflows                                                        641                             510
payments and payoffs                                         (199)                           (169)
charge-offs                                                   (67)                            (63)
transfers to nonperforming tdrs                               (77)                            (69)
removal due to the passage of time                            (18)                            (32)
non-concessionary re-modifications                             (8)                             (6)
transferred to lhfs and/or sold                              (411)                            (95)
balance, december 31                                          $980                          $1,119
payments and payoffs include scheduled principal payments, prepayments and payoffs of amounts outstanding. transfers to nonperforming tdrs represent loans that no longer meet the requirements necessary to reflect the loan in accruing status.
tdr classification may be removed due to the passage of time if the loan: (1) did not include a forgiveness of principal or interest, (2) has performed in accordance with the modified terms (generally a minimum of six months), (3) was reported as a tdr over a year-end reporting period, and (4) reflected an interest rate on the modified loan that was no less than a market rate at the date of modification. tdr classification may also be removed for an accruing loan upon the occurrence of a subsequent non-concessionary modification granted at market terms and within current underwriting guidelines.
in connection with consumer tdrs, a npl will be returned to accruing status when current as to principal and interest and upon a sustained historical repayment performance (generally a minimum of six months).
truist financial corporation 53
the following table provides further details regarding the payment status of tdrs outstanding at december 31, 2019:
table 19: payment status of tdrs (1)
december 31, 2019                                                             current                                                         past due 30-89 days                                                   past due 90 days or more   total
(dollars in millions)
performing tdrs:
commercial:
commercial and industrial                              $46                   97.9   %                 $1                   2.1    %                       $-                   -   %                  $47
cre                                                      6                  100.0                      -                     -                             -                   -                        6
commercial construction                                 37                  100.0                      -                     -                             -                   -                       37
lease financing                                          -                      -                      -                     -                             -                   -                        -
consumer:
residential mortgage                                   233                   49.5                     83                  17.7                           154                32.8                      470
residential home equity and direct                      49                   96.1                      2                   3.9                             -                   -                       51
indirect auto                                          266                   79.9                     67                  20.1                             -                   -                      333
indirect other                                           5                  100.0                      -                     -                             -                   -                        5
student                                                  -                      -                      -                     -                             -                   -                        -
credit card                                             25                   80.7                      5                  16.1                             1                 3.2                       31
total performing tdrs                                  667                   68.1                    158                  16.1                           155                15.8                      980
nonperforming tdrs                                      36                   43.9                      6                   7.3                            40                48.8                       82
total tdrs                                            $703                   66.2                   $164                  15.4                          $195                18.4                   $1,062
(1)past due performing tdrs are included in past due disclosures and nonperforming tdrs are included in npl disclosures.
truist financial corporation 54
acl activity related to the acl is presented in the following tables:
table 20: activity in acl year ended december 31,                                                                                                2019                    2018                    2017                    2016                    2015
(dollars in millions)
balance, beginning of period                                                                                      $1,651                  $1,609                  $1,599                  $1,550                  $1,534
provision for credit losses (excluding pci loans)                                                                    616                     583                     562                     574                     430
provision (benefit) for pci loans                                                                                    (1)                    (17)                    (15)                     (2)                     (2)
charge-offs:
commercial and industrial                                                                                           (90)                    (92)                    (95)                   (143)                    (90)
cre                                                                                                                 (33)                    (10)                     (8)                     (8)                    (21)
commercial construction                                                                                                -                     (3)                     (2)                     (1)                     (3)
lease financing                                                                                                     (11)                     (4)                     (5)                     (6)                       -
residential mortgage                                                                                                (21)                    (21)                    (47)                    (40)                    (46)
residential home equity and direct                                                                                  (93)                    (79)                    (69)                    (61)                    (62)
indirect auto                                                                                                      (370)                   (342)                   (355)                   (315)                   (266)
indirect other                                                                                                      (62)                    (49)                    (47)                    (51)                    (37)
student                                                                                                                -                       -                       -                       -                       -
credit card                                                                                                        (109)                    (76)                    (68)                    (61)                    (62)
pci                                                                                                                    -                     (2)                     (1)                    (15)                     (1)
total charge-offs                                                                                                  (789)                   (678)                   (697)                   (701)                   (588)
recoveries:
commercial and industrial                                                                                             25                      39                      36                      44                      38
cre                                                                                                                    5                       3                       9                       9                       7
commercial construction                                                                                                3                       5                       7                      10                      11
lease financing                                                                                                        1                       1                       2                       2                       -
residential mortgage                                                                                                   2                       2                       2                       3                       3
residential home equity and direct                                                                                    30                      25                      27                      28                      31
indirect auto                                                                                                         52                      49                      46                      44                      36
indirect other                                                                                                        17                      13                      14                      11                       8
student                                                                                                                -                       -                       -                       -                       -
credit card                                                                                                           20                      17                      17                      18                      18
total recoveries                                                                                                     155                     154                     160                     169                     152
net charge-offs                                                                                                    (634)                   (524)                   (537)                   (532)                   (436)
other                                                                                                                257                       -                       -                       9                      24
balance, end of period                                                                                            $1,889                  $1,651                  $1,609                  $1,599                  $1,550
alll (excluding pci loans)                                                                                        $1,541                  $1,549                  $1,462                  $1,445                  $1,399
alll for pci loans                                                                                                     8                       9                      28                      44                      61
rufc                                                                                                                 340                      93                     119                     110                      90
total acl                                                                                                         $1,889                  $1,651                  $1,609                  $1,599                  $1,550
the acl consists of the alll, which is presented separately on the consolidated balance sheets, and the rufc, which is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. the acl totaled $1.9 billion at december 31, 2019, up $238 million compared to december 31, 2018. the rufc assumed in the merger was $257 million.
total charge-offs during the year totaled $789 million, up $111 million compared to the prior year. as a percentage of average loans and leases, annualized net charge-offs were 0.40 percent, up four basis points compared to the prior year.
the alll, excluding the allowance for pci loans, was $1.5 billion, down $8 million compared to the prior year. the decrease in the alll was due primarily to the sale of residential mortgage loans during the year. as of december 31, 2019, the total alll was 0.52 percent of loans and leases held for investment. all of the merged loans were marked to fair value as of december 6, 2019 and therefore, there is no allowance related to these loans. upon the adoption of cecl, an allowance will be established for all loans held for investment, with the portion related to non-pci loans and leases charged to retained earnings.
truist financial corporation 55
the alll was 3.41 times nonperforming loans and leases held for investment, compared to 2.99 times at december 31, 2018. at december 31, 2019, the alll was 2.44 times annualized net charge-offs, compared to 2.98 times at december 31, 2018.
the following table presents an allocation of the alll at the periods shown. this allocation of the alll is calculated on an approximate basis and is not necessarily indicative of future losses or allocations. the entire amount of the allowance is available to absorb losses occurring in any category of loans and leases.
table 21: allocation of alll by category
2019                                                                                                2018                                                                                                                2017                                                                                     2016   2015
december 31,                                                  amount                     % loans in each category                       amount                     % loans in each category                    amount                     % loans in each category                    amount                     % loans in each category                    amount                     % loans in each category
(dollars in millions)
commercial and industrial                                  $560                                   43.4          %                    $546                                   41.4          %                 $522                                   41.1          %                 $530                                   40.4          %                 $488                                   39.8          %
cre                                                         150                                    8.9                                142                                   11.3                             118                                   12.0                             120                                   11.1                             138                                   10.7
commercial construction                                      52                                    2.1                                 48                                    2.9                              42                                    2.8                              25                                    2.7                              37                                    2.7
lease financing                                              10                                    2.0                                 11                                    1.4                               9                                    1.3                               7                                    1.2                               5                                    1.1
residential mortgage                                        176                                   17.4                                232                                   21.1                             209                                   20.0                             227                                   20.8                             217                                   22.4
residential home equity and direct                          107                                    9.0                                104                                    7.9                             113                                    8.4                             111                                    8.6                             113                                    8.3
indirect auto                                               304                                    8.2                                298                                    7.6                             296                                    8.1                             273                                    9.3                             252                                    8.9
indirect other                                               60                                    3.7                                 58                                    4.1                              52                                    3.9                              54                                    3.6                              53                                    3.6
student                                                       -                                    2.2                                  -                                      -                               -                                      -                               -                                      -                               -                                      -
credit card                                                 122                                    1.9                                110                                    2.0                             101                                    1.9                              98                                    1.7                              96                                    1.7
pci                                                           8                                    1.2                                  9                                    0.3                              28                                    0.5                              44                                    0.6                              61                                    0.8
total alll                                                1,549                                  100.0          %                   1,558                                  100.0          %                1,490                                  100.0          %                1,489                                  100.0          %                1,460                                  100.0          %
rufc                                                        340                                                                        93                                                                    119                                                                    110                                                                     90
total acl                                                $1,889                                                                    $1,651                                                                 $1,609                                                                 $1,599                                                                 $1,550
truist monitors the performance of its home equity loans and lines secured by second liens similarly to other consumer loans and utilizes assumptions specific to these loans in determining the necessary alll. truist also receives notification when the first lien holder, whether truist or another financial institution, has initiated foreclosure proceedings against the borrower. when notified that the first lien is in the process of foreclosure, truist obtains valuations to determine if any additional charge-offs or reserves are warranted. these valuations are updated at least annually thereafter.
truist has limited ability to monitor the delinquency status of the first lien, unless the first lien is held or serviced by truist. as a result, using migration assumptions that are based on historical experience and adjusted for current trends, truist estimates the volume of second lien positions where the first lien is delinquent and adjusts the alll to reflect the increased risk of loss on these credits. finally, truist also provides additional reserves for second lien positions when the estimated combined current loan to value ratio for the credit exceeds 100%. as of december 31, 2019, truist held or serviced the first lien on 30.9% of its second lien positions.
56 truist financial corporation other assets the components of other assets are presented in the following table:
table 22: composition of other assets december 31,                                          2019                    2018
(dollars in millions)
bank-owned life insurance                       $6,383                   $4,656
tax credit investments                           5,448                    2,557
lease assets                                     4,978                    1,375
pension assets, net                              3,579                    1,270
accounts receivable                              2,418                    1,116
derivative assets                                2,053                      249
operating lease - right of use asset             1,823                        -
accrued income                                   1,807                      745
prepaid expenses                                 1,254                      602
equity securities at fair value                    817                      376
fhlb stock                                         764                      281
other                                              508                      243
total other assets                             $31,832                  $13,470
funding activities deposits are the primary source of funds for the company's lending and investing activities. scheduled payments and maturities from portfolios of loans and investment securities also provide a stable source of funds. fhlb advances, other secured borrowings, federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowed funds, as well as long-term debt issued through the capital markets, all provide supplemental liquidity sources. funding activities are monitored and governed through truist's overall alm process under the governance and oversight of the mrlcc, which is further discussed in the "market risk management" section in md&a. the following section provides a brief description of the various sources of funds.
truist financial corporation 57
deposits deposits are obtained principally from individuals and businesses within truist's branch network and include noninterest-bearing checking accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, cds and iras. deposit account terms vary with respect to the minimum balance required, the time period the funds must remain on deposit and service charge schedules. interest rates paid on specific deposit types are determined based on (i) competitor deposit rates, (ii) the anticipated amount and timing of funding needs, (iii) the availability and cost of alternative sources of funding, and (iv) anticipated future economic conditions and interest rates. deposits are attractive sources of funding because of their stability and relative cost.
deposits totaled $334.7 billion at december 31, 2019, an increase of $173.5 billion from december 31, 2018, due primarily to the merger, which contributed $170.7 billion of deposits.
the following table presents average deposits for the most recent calendar quarters:
table 23: composition of average deposits three months ended(dollars in millions)                              dec 31, 2019                     sep 30, 2019                     jun 30, 2019                     mar 31, 2019                     dec 31, 2018
noninterest-bearing deposits                                       $64,485                          $52,500                          $52,680                          $52,283                          $53,732
interest checking                                                   43,246                           27,664                           27,708                           27,622                           26,921
money market and savings                                            79,903                           64,920                           63,394                           63,325                           62,261
time deposits                                                       23,058                           16,643                           15,730                           16,393                           14,682
foreign office deposits - interest-bearing         24                               265                              379                              422                              246
total average deposits                                            $210,716                         $161,992                         $159,891                         $160,045                         $157,842
average deposits for the fourth quarter of 2019 were $210.7 billion, up $48.7 billion compared to the prior quarter, due primarily to the merger.
noninterest-bearing deposits represented 30.6% of total average deposits for the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to 32.4% for the prior quarter and 34.0% for the prior year quarter. the cost of average total deposits was 0.57% for the fourth quarter, down ten basis points compared to the prior quarter. the cost of average interest-bearing deposits was 0.82% for the fourth quarter, down 17 basis points compared to the prior quarter.
table 24: scheduled maturities of time deposits $100,000 and greater december 31, 2019
(dollars in millions)
three months or less                                         $6,311
over three through six months                                 3,504
over six through twelve months                                4,455
over twelve months                                            4,937
total                                                       $19,207
borrowings the types of short-term borrowings that have been, or may be, used by the company include federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, master notes, commercial paper, short-term bank notes and short-term fhlb advances. short-term borrowings fluctuate based on the company's funding needs. while deposits remain the primary source for funding loan originations, management uses short-term borrowings as a supplementary funding source for loan growth and other balance sheet management purposes. the following table summarizes certain information for the past three years with respect to short-term borrowings:
58 truist financial corporation table 25: short-term borrowings as of / for the year ended december 31,(dollars in millions)                              2019                        2018                        2017
securities sold under agreements to repurchase:
maximum outstanding at any month-end during the year                                $1,969                        $836                      $1,923
balance outstanding at end of year                                                   1,969                         251                         483
average outstanding during the year                                                    826                         446                       1,449
average interest rate during the year                                                 2.01   %                    1.35   %                    0.70   %
average interest rate at end of year                                                  1.41                        1.59                        0.43
federal funds purchased and short-term borrowed funds:
maximum outstanding at any month-end during the year                               $16,249                      $9,063                      $6,859
balance outstanding at end of year                                                  16,249                       4,927                       4,455
average outstanding during the year                                                  7,636                       5,509                       2,862
average interest rate during the year                                                 2.24   %                    1.92   %                    1.06   %
average interest rate at end of year                                                  1.75                        2.49                        1.34
at december 31, 2019, short-term borrowings totaled $18.2 billion, an increase of $13.0 billion compared to december 31, 2018. short-term borrowings of $6.8 billion were assumed as a result of the merger. the remaining increase was due to increased liquidity in anticipation of the merger. average short-term borrowings were $8.5 billion, or 4.0% of total funding in 2019, as compared to $6.0 billion, or 3.1% in 2018.
long-term debt provides funding and, to a lesser extent, regulatory capital, and primarily consists of senior and subordinated notes issued by truist and truist bank. long-term debt totaled $41.3 billion at december 31, 2019, an increase of $17.6 billion compared to december 31, 2018. long-term debt of $19.5 billion was assumed as a result of the merger. truist's issuances of debt included $3.5 billion of senior notes and $650 million of subordinated notes, partially offset by maturities of $3.1 billion of senior notes and $586 million of subordinated notes. truist bank's issuances included $1.2 billion of senior notes and $750 million of subordinated notes, partially offset by maturities of $4.7 billion of senior notes. the average cost of long-term debt was 3.22% for the year ended december 31, 2019, up 34 basis points compared to the same period in 2018.
fhlb advances represented 10.0% of total outstanding long-term debt at december 31, 2019, compared to 7.4% at december 31, 2018. see "note 11. borrowings" for additional disclosures.
shareholders' equity total shareholders' equity was $66.6 billion at december 31, 2019, an increase of $36.4 billion from december 31, 2018. equity issued in connection with the merger was $33.5 billion. truist issued $1.7 billion of preferred stock during the year and redeemed a similar amount from two higher-cost issuances. in connection with the redemptions, net income available to common shareholders was reduced by $46 million to recognize the difference in the redemption price and the carrying value. other significant changes include net income of $3.2 billion and an increase in aoci of $871 million, which was partially offset by $1.5 billion for common and preferred dividends. truist's book value per common share at december 31, 2019 was $45.66, compared to $35.46 at december 31, 2018.
risk management truist maintains a comprehensive risk management framework supported by people, processes and systems to identify, measure, monitor, manage and report significant risks arising from its exposures and business activities. effective risk management involves appropriately managing risk to optimize risk and return, operate in a safe and sound manner, and is designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. the company's risk management framework is designed to ensure that business strategies and objectives are executed in alignment with its risk appetite.
truist is committed to fostering a culture that supports transparency and escalation of risks across the organization. all teammates are responsible for upholding the company's purpose, mission, and values, and are encouraged to speak up if there is any activity or behavior that is inconsistent with the company's culture. the truist code of ethics guides and unites the company's decision making and informs teammates on how to act in the absence of specific guidance.
truist seeks an appropriate return for the risk taken in its business operations. risk-taking activities are evaluated and prioritized to identify those that present attractive risk-adjusted returns, while preserving asset value and capital.
compensation decisions take into account a teammate's adherence to, and successful implementation of, truist's risk values and associated policies and procedures. the company's compensation structure supports its core values and sound risk management practices in an effort to promote judicious risk-taking behavior.
truist financial corporation 59
truist employs a comprehensive change management program to manage the risks associated with integrating heritage bb&t and heritage suntrust. the board and executive leadership oversee the change management program, which is designed to ensure key decisions are reviewed and that there is appropriate oversight of integration activities.
truist's purpose, mission and values are the foundation for the risk management framework utilized at truist and therefore serve as the basis on which the risk appetite and risk strategy are built. truist's rmo provides independent oversight and guidance for risk-taking across the enterprise. in keeping with the belief that consistent values drive long-term behaviors, truist's rmo has established the following risk values which guide teammates' day-to-day activities:
•managing risk is the responsibility of every teammate.
•proactively identifying risk and managing the inherent risks of their businesses is the responsibility of the business units.
•managing risk with a balanced approach which includes quality, profitability, and growth.
•measuring what is managed and managing what is measured.
•utilizing sound and consistent risk management practices.
•thoroughly analyzing risk quantitatively and qualitatively.
•realizing lower cost of capital from high quality risk management.
truist places significant emphasis on risk management oversight and maintains a separate board-level risk committee, which assists the board in its oversight of the company's risk management function. the committee is responsible for approving and periodically reviewing the company's risk management framework and risk management policies as well as monitoring the company's risk profile, approving risk appetite statements, and providing input to management regarding truist's risk appetite and risk profile.
the rmo is led by the cro and is responsible for overseeing the identification, measurement, monitoring, management and reporting of risk. the cro has direct access to the board to communicate any risk issues (current or emerging) as well as the performance of the risk management activities throughout the enterprise.
as illustrated below, the risk management framework is supported by three lines of defense. the following figure describes the roles of the three lines of defense:
truist's risk governance framework is designed to provide comprehensive board and executive leadership risk oversight, maintaining a committee governance structure that is designed to ensure alignment and execution of the risk management framework. the committee structure provides a mechanism to allow for efficient aggregation and escalation of risk information from the bus up to the risk programs, executive leadership and ultimately the board.
60 truist financial corporation the executive level committees include the erc, ecrpmc, mrlcc, ebpcc, tmc and dc, each of which is chaired by a member of executive leadership. these committees provide oversight of each of the primary risk types.
the erc establishes a fully integrated view of risks across the company, provides broad strategic oversight of all risk types, and oversees corporate-wide strategies for identifying, assessing, controlling, measuring, monitoring and reporting risk at the enterprise level.
the erc is responsible for maintaining an effective risk management framework and monitoring its adoption and execution across the enterprise. the erc is chaired by the cro and its membership includes all members of executive leadership and the general auditor.
the principal types of inherent risk include credit, liquidity, compliance, strategic and reputation, operational, and market risks. the following is a discussion of these risks.
credit risk credit risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from the default, inability or unwillingness of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty to meet the terms of any financial obligation to truist or otherwise perform as agreed. credit risk exists in all activities where success depends on the performance of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty. credit risk arises when truist funds are extended, committed, invested, or otherwise exposed through actual or implied contractual agreements, whether on or off-balance sheet. credit risk increases when the credit quality of an issuer whose securities or other instruments the bank holds deteriorates.
truist has established the following general practices to manage credit risk:
•limiting the amount of credit that individual lenders may extend to a borrower;
•establishing a process for credit approval accountability;
•careful initial underwriting and analysis of borrower, transaction, market and collateral risks;
•ongoing servicing and monitoring of individual loans and lending relationships;
•continuous monitoring of the portfolio, market dynamics and the economy; and
•periodically reevaluating the company's strategy and overall exposure as economic, market and other relevant conditions change.
the following discussion describes the underwriting procedures and overall risk management of truist's lending function.
truist financial corporation 61
underwriting approach the loan portfolio is a primary source of profitability and risk; therefore, proper loan underwriting is critical to truist's long-term financial success. truist's underwriting approach is designed to define acceptable combinations of specific risk-mitigating features that ensure credit relationships conform to truist's risk philosophy. provided below is a summary of the most significant underwriting criteria used to evaluate new loans and loan renewals:
•cash flow and debt service coverage - cash flow adequacy is a necessary condition of creditworthiness, meaning that loans must either be clearly supported by a borrower's cash flow or, if not, must be justified by secondary repayment sources.
•secondary sources of repayment - alternative repayment funds are a significant risk-mitigating factor as long as they are liquid, can be easily accessed, and provide adequate resources to supplement the primary cash flow source.
•value of any underlying collateral - loans are generally secured by the asset being financed. because an analysis of the primary and secondary sources of repayment is the most important factor, collateral, unless it is liquid, does not justify loans that cannot be serviced by the borrower's normal cash flows.
•overall creditworthiness of the client, taking into account the client's relationships, both past and current, with truist and other lenders - truist's success depends on building lasting and mutually beneficial relationships with clients, which involves assessing their financial position and background.
•level of equity invested in the transaction - in general, borrowers are required to contribute or invest a portion of their own funds prior to any loan advances.
refer to the "lending activities" section in this md&a for a discussion of each loan and lease portfolio.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk that (i) truist will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding (funding liquidity risk), or (ii) truist cannot easily unwind or offset specific exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions (market liquidity risk).
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules or regulations, or from non-conformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures or ethical standards. this risk exposes truist to fines, civil monetary penalties, payment of damages and the voiding of contracts. compliance risk can result in diminished reputation, reduced franchise or enterprise value, limited business opportunities and lessened expansion potential.
operational risk operational risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. it includes legal risk, which is the risk of loss arising from defective transactions, litigation or claims made, or the failure to adequately protect company-owned assets. an operational loss occurs when an event results in a loss or reserve originating from operational risk.
truist has developed and employs a risk taxonomy that further guides business functions in identifying, measuring, responding to, monitoring and reporting on possible operational losses to the organization. the risk taxonomy drives internal risk conversations and enables truist to clearly and transparently communicate to external stakeholders the level of potential operational risk we face, both presently and in the future, and our position on managing it to acceptable levels.
technology risk technology risk is the business risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, involvement, influence and adoption of information technology across the company. truist has defined and adopted a technology risk framework that provides the foundation for technology risk strategy, program and oversight and defines key objectives, operating model components, risk domains and capabilities to manage this risk.
cybersecurity risk digital technology is constantly evolving, and new and unforeseen threats and actions by others may disrupt operations or result in losses beyond truist's risk control thresholds. truist maintains a comprehensive risk-based information security / cybersecurity framework implemented through people, processes, and technology whereby truist monitors and evaluates threats, events, and the performance of its business operations and continually adapts its risk mitigation activities accordingly.
62 truist financial corporation truist's framework aligns with those of the national institute of standards and technology, the international standards organization 27000 series, the it governance institute, and the control objectives for information and related technology, as well as conforms with the requirements and guidance from applicable regulatory authorities, including the federal financial institutions examination council. in addition, truist's risk-based information security / cybersecurity framework, which includes internally and externally focused capabilities, drives the development and implementation of truist's holistic data security strategy that is designed to reduce risk while enabling truist's corporate business objectives.
truist has built an organization with dedicated, skilled talent to sustain the cross-company partnerships needed to operationalize truist's cybersecurity strategy as well as to continue enhancing multilayered defenses pertaining to early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery by identifying and deploying advanced capabilities best suited to help proactively prevent and mitigate risk. truist also participates in the federally recognized financial sector information sharing organization structure, known as the financial services information sharing and analysis center as a key part of truist's cyber threat intelligence and response programs, as well as other industry organizations and initiatives that promote industry best practices such as harmonized cybersecurity standards, cyber readiness, and secure consumer financial data sharing.
to further mitigate the risks presented by an evolving cyber threat landscape, truist provides data protection guidance to clients through multiple print and digital channels as well as promotes data protection awareness and accountability through robust training for teammates. truist conducts routine test simulation exercises which are scenario driven and simulate impacts and consequences developed through analysis of real-world technology incidents as well as known and anticipated cyber threats. these exercises are designed to assess the viability of truist's crisis response and management programs and provide the basis for continuous improvement. truist also consults with third party data security experts.
truist's cybersecurity risk program is overseen by the board and executive leadership. the board devotes significant time and attention to its oversight of cyber security risk and approves related information security policies. although truist has invested substantial time and resources to manage and reduce cyber risk, it is not possible to completely eliminate this risk. truist obtains cyber security insurance that protects against certain losses, expenses, and damages associated with cyber risk. see item 1a, "risk factors," for additional information regarding cybersecurity risk.
model risk model risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs. truist uses models for many purposes, including the valuation of financial positions, estimation of credit losses, and the measurement of risk. valuation models are used to value certain financial instruments for which quoted prices may not be readily available. valuation models are also used as inputs for var, the estimation of var itself, regulatory capital, stress testing and the acl. models are owned by the applicable bus, who are responsible for the development, implementation and use of their models. oversight of these functions is performed by the mrm, which is a component of the rmo. once models have been approved, model owners are responsible for the maintenance of an appropriate operating environment and must monitor and evaluate the performance of the models on a recurring basis. models are updated in response to changes in portfolio composition, industry and economic conditions, technological capabilities and other developments.
mrm manages model risk in a holistic manner through a suite of model governance and model validation activities. the risk of each model is assessed and classified into various risk tiers. additionally, mrm maintains an enterprise-wide model inventory containing relevant model information. regarding model validation, mrm utilizes internal validation analysts and managers with skill sets in predictive modeling to perform detailed reviews of model development, implementation and conceptual soundness. on certain occasions, the mrm will also engage external parties to assist with validation efforts. once in a production environment, mrm assesses a model's performance on a periodic basis through ongoing monitoring reviews. mrm tracks issues that have been identified during model validation or through ongoing monitoring, and engages with model owners to ensure their timely remediation. mrm presents model limitations and risks to management and the board of directors via model validation reports and regular meetings with the model risk management committee.
truist financial corporation 63
strategic and reputation risk strategic risk is the risk of financial loss, diminished stakeholder confidence, or negative impact to human capital resulting from ineffective strategy setting and execution, adverse business decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the banking industry and operating environment. truist is committed to fulfilling its overall strategic objectives by selecting business strategies and operating businesses in a manner consistent with achieving profitability/earnings growth and maintaining strong confidence and trust with its key stakeholder constituencies.
reputation risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, enterprise value, the truist brand, and public confidence arising from negative publicity or public opinion, whether real or perceived, regarding truist's business practices, products, services, transactions, or other activities undertaken by truist, its representatives, or its partners. a negative reputation may impair truist's relationship with clients, associates, communities or shareholders, and it is often a residual risk that arises when other risks are not managed properly.
market risk management market risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from changes in the market value of portfolios, securities, or other financial instruments. market risk results from changes in the level, volatility or correlations among financial market rates or prices, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices or other relevant rates or prices.
effective management of market risk is essential to achieving truist's strategic financial objectives. truist's most significant market risk exposure is to interest rate risk in its balance sheet; however, market risk also results from product liquidity risk, price risk and volatility risk in truist's bus. interest rate risk results from differences between the timing of rate changes and the timing of cash flows (re-pricing risk); from changing rate relationships among different yield curves affecting bank activities (basis risk); from changing rate relationships across the spectrum of maturities (yield curve risk); and from interest-related options embedded in bank products (options risk).
the primary objectives of market risk management are to minimize adverse effects from changes in market risk factors on net interest income, net income and capital and to offset the risk of price changes for certain assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. at truist, market risk management also includes the enterprise-wide ipv function.
interest rate market risk (other than trading)
as a financial institution, truist is exposed to interest rate risk both on its assets and on its liabilities. since interest rate changes are out of the control of any private sector institution, truist actively manages its interest rate risk with the strategic repricing of its assets and liabilities, taking into account the volumes, maturities and mix, with the goal of keeping net interest margin as stable as possible. truist primarily uses three methods to measure and monitor its interest rate risk: (i) a model that simulates possible changes to net interest income over the next two years based on a set of assumptions; (ii) an analysis of interest rate shock scenarios; and (iii) a model that analyzes the economic value of equity based on changes in interest rates.
the simulation model takes into account assumptions about prepayment trends, using a combination of market data and internal historical experiences for deposits and loans, as well as scheduled maturities and payments and the likely outlook for the economy and interest rates. these assumptions are reviewed and adjusted monthly to reflect changes in market interest rates as compared to the rates of truist's assets and liabilities. the model also considers truist's current and prospective liquidity position, current balance sheet volumes and projected growth, accessibility of funds for short-term needs and capital maintenance.
deposit betas are an important assumption in the interest rate risk modeling process. truist applies an average deposit beta (the difference between rates truist pays and market rates) of approximately 60% to its non-maturity interest-bearing deposit accounts for determining its interest rate sensitivity. non-maturity, interest-bearing deposit accounts include interest checking accounts, savings accounts and money market accounts that do not have a contractual maturity. truist also regularly conducts sensitivity analyses on other key variables, including noninterest-bearing deposits, to determine the impact they could have on the interest rate risk position. the predictive value of the simulation model depends upon the accuracy of the assumptions, but management believes that it provides helpful data for the management of interest rate risk.
64 truist financial corporation the following table shows the effect that the indicated changes in interest rates would have on net interest income as projected for the next twelve months assuming a gradual change in interest rates as described below. the decrease in rate sensitivity versus the prior period is related to the merger, alignment of modeling assumptions and recent balance sheet restructuring activities.
table 26: interest sensitivity simulation analysis interest rate scenario                                                                                                                                                        annualized hypothetical percentage change in net interest income linear change in prime rate (bps)                                                              prime rate dec 31, 2019                     dec 31, 2018                     dec 31, 2019                     dec 31, 2018
up 100                                                       5.75      %                      6.50      %                      0.95      %                      1.22      %
up 50                                                        5.25                             6.00                             0.75                             0.65
no change                                                    4.75                             5.50                                -                                -
down 50                                                      4.25                             5.00                           (1.18)                           (1.30)
down 100                                                     3.75                             4.50                           (1.72)                           (3.17)
truist has established parameters related to interest rate sensitivity measures that prescribe a maximum impact on net interest income under different interest rate scenarios that would result in an escalation to the board. the following parameters and interest rate scenarios are considered truist's primary measures of interest rate risk:
•maximum impact on net interest income of 7.5% for the next 12 months assuming a 25 basis point change in interest rates each quarter for four quarters; and a
•maximum impact on net interest income of 10% for an immediate 100 basis point parallel change in rates.
this interest rate shock analysis is designed to create an outer bound of acceptable interest rate risk.
truist also uses an eve analysis to focus on longer-term projected changes in asset and liability values given potential changes in interest rates. this measure allows truist to analyze interest rate risk that falls outside the simulation model parameters. the eve model is a discounted cash flow of the portfolio of assets, liabilities and derivative instruments. the difference in the present value of assets minus the present value of liabilities is defined as eve.
the following table shows the effect that the indicated changes in interest rates would have on eve:
table 27: eve simulation analysis change in interest rates (bps)                                                                     hypothetical percentage change in eve dec 31, 2019                              dec 31, 2018
up 100                                                                                             (2.9)         %                           (0.7)         %
no change                                                                                          -                                         -
down 100                                                                                           (3.0)                                     (6.2)
truist uses derivatives primarily to manage interest rate risk related to securities, commercial loans, msrs and mortgage banking operations, long-term debt and other funding sources. truist also uses derivatives to facilitate transactions on behalf of its clients. as of december 31, 2019, truist had derivative financial instruments outstanding with notional amounts totaling $315.9 billion, with a net fair value of $1.7 billion. see "note 19. derivative financial instruments" for additional disclosures.
libor in its current form may no longer be available after 2021. truist has libor-based contracts that extend beyond 2021. to prepare for the possible transition to an alternative reference rate, management has formed a cross-functional project team to address the libor transition. the project team has performed an assessment to identify the potential risks related to the transition from libor to a new index. the project provides regular reports to the board and risk management committees.
the project team is reviewing contract fallback language for loans and leases and noted that certain contracts will need updated provisions for the transition and is coordinating with impacted lines of business to update libor fallback language generally consistent with the arrc recommendation. truist is continuing to evaluate the impact on these contracts and other financial instruments, systems implications, hedging strategies, and other related operational and market risks. market risks associated with this change are dependent on the alternative reference rates available and market conditions at transition. for a further discussion of the various risks associated with the potential cessation of libor and the transition to alternative reference rates, refer to the section titled "item 1a. risk factors."
truist financial corporation 65
market risk from trading activities truist also manages market risk associated with trading activities. truist is a financial intermediary that provides its clients access to derivatives, foreign exchange and securities markets. trading market risk is managed using a comprehensive risk management approach, which includes measuring risk using var, stress testing and sensitivity analysis. risk metrics are monitored against limits on a daily basis at both trading desks and at the aggregate portfolio level to ensure exposures are in line with truist's risk appetite.
truist is subject to risk-based capital guidelines for market risk under the market risk rule, issued jointly by the occ, u.s. treasury frb and fdic.
covered trading positions the trading portfolio of covered positions subject to the market risk rule results primarily from market making and underwriting services for our clients, as well as associated risk mitigating hedging activity. the trading portfolio, measured in terms of var, consists primarily of four sub-portfolios of covered positions: (i) credit trading, (ii) fixed income securities, (iii) interest rate derivatives and (iv) equity derivatives. as a market maker, truist's trading portfolio also contains other sub-portfolios, including foreign exchange rate and commodity derivatives; however, these portfolios do not generate material trading risk exposures.
valuation policies, procedures, and methodologies exist for all covered positions. additionally, trading positions are subject to independent price verification. see "note 19. derivative financial instruments," "note 18. fair value disclosures," and "critical accounting policies" herein for discussion of valuation policies, procedures and methodologies.
securitizations as of december 31, 2019, the aggregate market value of on-balance sheet securitization positions subject to the market risk rule was $23 million, all of which were non-agency asset backed securities positions. consistent with the market risk rule requirements, the company performs pre-purchase due diligence on each securitization position to identify the characteristics including, but not limited to, deal structure and the asset quality of the underlying assets, that materially affect valuation and performance. securitization positions are subject to truist's comprehensive risk management framework, which includes daily monitoring against a full suite of limits. there were no off-balance sheet securitization positions during the reporting period.
correlation trading positions the trading portfolio of covered positions did not contain any correlation trading positions as of december 31, 2019 or 2018.
var-based measures var measures the estimated potential loss at a specified confidence level and time horizon. truist utilizes a historical var methodology to measure and aggregate risks across its covered trading positions. following the merger, truist elected to migrate all covered positions to the heritage suntrust var system and methodology. for an interim period, var for a subset of heritage bb&t positions, specifically those covered positions held in bb&t securities, will be calculated using the heritage bb&t var system and methodology. as such, pending full integration, truist will operate two historical var models and aggregate company-wide var will be determined additively with no benefit of diversification. for risk management purposes, the var calculation is based on a historical simulation approach and measures the potential trading losses using a one-day holding period at a one-tail, 99% confidence level. for market risk rule purposes, the company calculates var using a 10-day holding period and a 99% confidence level. due to inherent limitations of the var methodology, such as the assumption that past market behavior is indicative of future market performance, var is only one of several tools used to measure and manage market risk. other tools used to actively manage market risk include stress testing, profit and loss attribution, and stop loss limits.
66 truist financial corporation the trading portfolio's var profile is influenced by a variety of factors, including the size and composition of the portfolio, market volatility and the correlation between different positions. the following table summarizes certain var-based measures. var measures at december 31, 2019 reflects the aggregate var measure of the truist trading portfolio. average var measures reflect heritage suntrust after the merger.
table 28: var-based measures
2019                                                                                                                                            2018
year ended december 31,                10-day holding period                      1-day holding period                  10-day holding period                1-day holding period
(dollars in millions)
var-based measures:
maximum                                         $9                                         $2                                    $2                                   $1
average                                          1                                          1                                     1                                    1
minimum                                          -                                          -                                     -                                    -
period-end                                       7                                          2                                     1                                    1
var by risk class:
interest rate risk                                                                          2                                                                          1
credit spread risk                                                                          3                                                                          -
equity price risk                                                                           2                                                                          -
foreign exchange risk                                                                       -                                                                          -
portfolio diversification                                                                 (5)                                                                          -
period-end                                                                                  2                                                                          1
stressed var-based measures stressed var, another component of market risk capital, is calculated using the same internal models as used for the var-based measure. stressed var is calculated over a ten-day holding period at a one-tail, 99% confidence level and employs a historical simulation approach based on a continuous twelve-month historical window selected to reflect a period of significant financial stress for our trading portfolio. the following table summarizes stressed var-based measures:
table 29: stressed var-based measures - 10 day holding period year ended december 31,                                                2019                2018
(dollars in millions)
maximum                                                    $33                            $7
average                                                      5                             5
minimum                                                      2                             3
period-end                                                  28                             5
specific risk measures specific risk is a measure of idiosyncratic risk that could result from risk factors other than broad market movements (e.g. default, event risks). the market risk rule provides fixed risk weights under a standardized measurement method while also allowing a model-based approach, subject to regulatory approval. truist utilizes the standardized measurement method to calculate the specific risk component of market risk regulatory capital. as such, incremental risk capital and comprehensive risk measure capital requirements do not apply.
var model backtesting in accordance with the market risk rule, the company evaluates the accuracy of its var model through daily backtesting by comparing aggregate daily trading gains and losses (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income, and intraday trading) from covered positions with the corresponding daily var-based measures generated by the model. the number of company-wide var backtesting exceptions over the preceding twelve months is used to determine the multiplication factor for the var-based capital requirement under the market risk rule. the capital multiplication factor increases from a minimum of three to a maximum of four, depending on the number of exceptions. there were two company-wide var backtesting exceptions during the twelve months ended december 31, 2019. in accordance with established policy and procedure, all company-wide var backtesting exceptions are thoroughly reviewed in the context of var model use and performance. there was no change in the capital multiplication factor over the preceding twelve months.
truist financial corporation 67
model risk management management's approach to the validation and evaluation of the accuracy of truist's models, and associated processes, includes conceptual soundness, developmental and implementation testing as well as outcomes analysis, ongoing monitoring and maintenance performed by the various model developers, in conjunction with model owners.
mrm is responsible for the independent model validation of all decision tools and models including trading market risk models. the validation activities are conducted in accordance with mrm standards, which includes regulatory guidance related to the evaluation of model conceptual soundness, ongoing monitoring and outcomes analysis. as part of ongoing monitoring efforts, the performance of all trading risk models are reviewed regularly to preemptively address emerging developments in financial markets, assess evolving modeling approaches, and to identify potential model enhancement.
stress testing the company uses a comprehensive range of stress testing techniques to help monitor risks across trading desks and to augment standard daily var and other risk limits reporting. the stress testing framework is designed to quantify the impact of extreme, but plausible, stress scenarios that could lead to large unexpected losses. stress tests include simulations for historical repeats and hypothetical risk factor shocks. all trading positions within each applicable market risk category (interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign exchange rate risk, credit spread risk, and commodity price risk) are included in the company's comprehensive stress testing framework. management reviews stress testing scenarios on an ongoing basis and makes updates, as necessary, to ensure that both current and emerging risks are captured appropriately. management also utilizes stress analyses to support the company's capital adequacy assessment standards. see the "capital" section of this md&a for additional discussion of capital adequacy.
liquidity liquidity represents the continuing ability to meet funding needs, including deposit withdrawals, timely repayment of borrowings and other liabilities, and funding of loan commitments. in addition to the level of liquid assets, such as cash, cash equivalents and afs securities, other factors affect the ability to meet liquidity needs, including access to a variety of funding sources, maintaining borrowing capacity in national money markets, growing core deposits, loan repayment and the ability to securitize or package loans for sale.
truist monitors the ability to meet client demand for funds under both normal and stressed market conditions. in considering its liquidity position, management evaluates truist's funding mix based on client core funding, client rate-sensitive funding and national markets funding. in addition, management evaluates exposure to rate-sensitive funding sources that mature in one year or less. management also measures liquidity needs against 30 days of stressed cash outflows for truist and truist bank. to ensure a strong liquidity position, and compliance with regulatory requirements, management maintains a liquid asset buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities. as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, truist's liquid asset buffer was 16.5% and 14.7%, respectively, of total assets.
lcr rules require large u.s. banking organizations to hold unencumbered high-quality liquid assets sufficient to withstand projected 30-day total net cash outflows, each as defined under the lcr rule. as of december 31, 2019, truist is subject to modified lcr requirements. truist's modified average lcr was 165% for the three months ended december 31, 2019, relative to the regulatory minimum for such entities of 100%. this represents the month-end results for heritage bb&t from october and november 2019 averaged with the merged truist result for december 2019.
under the tailoring rules, truist is a category iii banking organization, and therefore is subject to a reduced tailored lcr requirement (85%) effective january 1, 2020 and will be subject to daily calculation beginning january 1, 2021. see additional disclosures in the "regulatory considerations" section in this md&a.
parent company the parent company serves as the primary source of capital for the operating subsidiaries. the parent company's assets consist primarily of cash on deposit with truist bank, equity investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, and accounts receivable from subsidiaries. the principal obligations of the parent company are payments on long-term debt. the main sources of funds for the parent company are dividends and management fees from subsidiaries, repayments of advances to subsidiaries, and proceeds from the issuance of equity and long-term debt. the primary uses of funds by the parent company are investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders, retirement of common stock, and payments on long-term debt.
see "note 22. parent company financial information" for additional information regarding dividends from subsidiaries and debt transactions.
68 truist financial corporation access to funding at the parent company is more sensitive to market disruptions. therefore, truist prudently manages cash levels at the parent company to cover a minimum of one year of projected cash outflows which includes unfunded external commitments, debt service, common and preferred dividends and scheduled debt maturities, without the benefit of any new cash inflows. truist maintains a significant buffer above the projected one year of cash outflows. in determining the buffer, truist considers cash requirements for common and preferred dividends, unfunded commitments to affiliates, serving as a source of strength to truist bank, and being able to withstand sustained market disruptions that could limit access to the capital markets. at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, the parent company had 29 months and 28 months, respectively, of cash on hand to satisfy projected contractual cash outflows, and 20 months and 19 months, respectively, when including the payment of common stock dividends.
truist bank truist carefully manages liquidity risk at truist bank. truist bank's primary source of funding is client deposits. continued access to client deposits is highly dependent on public confidence in the stability of truist bank and its ability to return funds to clients when requested.
truist bank has several major sources of funding to meet its liquidity requirements, including access to capital markets through issuance of senior or subordinated bank notes and institutional cds, fhlb advances, repurchase agreements, overnight and term federal funds markets, retail brokered cds, and the frb discount window. at december 31, 2019, truist bank has approximately $121.8 billion of secured borrowing capacity, which represents approximately 3.4 times the amount of one year wholesale funding maturities.
the ability to raise funding at competitive prices is affected by the rating agencies' views of the parent company's and truist bank's credit quality, liquidity, capital and earnings. management meets with the rating agencies on a regular basis to discuss current outlooks. the ratings for truist and truist bank by the major rating agencies are detailed in the table below:
table 30: credit ratings of truist financial corporation and truist bank s&amp;p                             moody's                             fitch                               dbrs truist financial corporation:
commercial paper                          a-2                                 n/a                                 f1                                  r-1(low)
issuer                                    a-                                  a3                                  a+                                  a(high)
lt/senior debt                            a-                                  a3                                  a+                                  a(high)
subordinated debt                         bbb+                                a3                                  a                                   a preferred stock                           bbb-                                baa2(hyb)                           bbb-                                bbb(high)
truist bank:
long term deposits                        n/a                                 aa2                                 aa-                                 aa(low)
lt/senior unsecured bank notes            a                                   a2                                  a+                                  aa(low)
other long term senior obligations        a                                   n/a                                 a+                                  aa(low)
other short term senior obligations       a-1                                 n/a                                 f1                                  r-1(middle)
short term bank notes                     a-1                                 p-1                                 f1                                  r-1(middle)
short term deposits                       n/a                                 p-1                                 f1+                                 r-1(middle)
subordinated bank notes                   a-                                  a3                                  a                                   a(high)
ratings outlook:
credit trend                              stable                              stable                              stable                              positive truist has a contingency funding plan designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. this plan is designed to examine and quantify the organization's liquidity under various "stress" scenarios. additionally, the plan provides a framework for management and other critical personnel to follow in the event of a liquidity contraction or in anticipation of such an event. the plan addresses authority for activation and decision making, liquidity options, and the responsibilities of key departments in the event of a liquidity contraction.
management believes current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet truist's current requirements and plans for continued growth. see "note 9. other assets and liabilities," "note 11. borrowings" and "note 16. commitments and contingencies" for additional information regarding outstanding balances of sources of liquidity and contractual commitments and obligations.
truist financial corporation 69
contractual obligations, commitments, contingent liabilities and off-balance sheet arrangements the following table presents truist's contractual obligations by payment date as of december 31, 2019. the payment amounts represent amounts contractually due. the table excludes liabilities recorded where management cannot reasonably estimate the timing of any payments that may be required in connection with these liabilities. utbs, which represent a reserve for tax positions taken or expected to be taken, which ultimately may not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities, have been excluded from the table below since the ultimate amount and timing of any future tax settlements are uncertain. refer to "note 14. income taxes" for additional details related to utbs.
table 31: contractual obligations and other commitments december 31, 2019                                                               total                    less than 1 year                     1 to 3 years                     3 to 5 years                    after 5 years
(dollars in millions)
long-term debt and finance leases                                         $41,362                          $6,393                           $15,873                           $8,509                          $10,587
operating leases                                                            2,366                             375                               711                              517                              763
commitments to fund affordable housing investments                          1,271                           1,018                               208                               16                               29
private equity and other investments commitments (1)        577                                               319                               133                              100                               25
time deposits                                                              35,896                          29,397                             5,349                            1,052                               98
contractual interest payments (2)                                           4,615                           1,384                             1,692                              973                              566
purchase obligations (3)                                                    2,173                             976                               633                              180                              384
nonqualified benefit plan obligations (4)                                   1,358                              26                                48                               50                            1,234
total contractual cash obligations                                        $89,618                         $39,888                           $24,647                          $11,397                          $13,686
(1)based on estimated payment dates.
(2)includes accrued interest and future contractual interest obligations. variable rate payments are based upon the rate in effect at december 31, 2019.
(3)represents obligations to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding. many of the purchase obligations have terms that are not fixed and determinable and are included in the table above based upon the estimated timing and amount of payment. in addition, certain of the purchase agreements contain clauses that would allow truist to cancel the agreement with specified notice; however, that impact is not included in the table above.
(4)although technically unfunded plans, rabbi trusts and insurance policies on the lives of certain of the covered employees are available to finance future benefit plan payments.
truist's commitments include investments in affordable housing projects throughout its market area and private equity funds. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" and "note 16. commitments and contingencies" for further discussion of these commitments. in addition, truist enters into derivative contracts to manage various financial risks. further discussion of derivative instruments is included in "note 1. basis of presentation" and "note 19. derivative financial instruments." further discussion related to the nature of truist's obligations is included in "note 16. commitments and contingencies." further discussion of truist's commitments is included in "note 16. commitments and contingencies" and "note 18. fair value disclosures."
capital the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital is a management priority and is monitored on a regular basis. truist's principal goals related to the maintenance of capital are to provide adequate capital to support truist's risk profile consistent with the board-approved risk appetite, provide financial flexibility to support future growth and client needs, comply with relevant laws, regulations, and supervisory guidance, achieve optimal credit ratings for truist and its subsidiaries and provide a competitive return to shareholders. risk-based capital ratios, which include cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital are calculated based on regulatory guidance related to the measurement of capital and risk-weighted assets.
70 truist financial corporation truist regularly performs stress testing on its capital levels and is required to periodically submit the company's capital plans and stress testing results to the banking regulators. management regularly monitors the capital position of truist on both a consolidated and bank-level basis. in this regard, management's overriding policy is to maintain capital at levels that are in excess of internal capital targets, which are above the regulatory "well capitalized" minimums. management has implemented stressed capital ratio minimum targets to evaluate whether capital ratios calculated after the effect of alternative capital actions are likely to remain above minimums specified by the frb for the annual ccar process. breaches of stressed minimum targets prompt a review of the planned capital actions included in truist's capital plan.
table 32: capital requirements and targets minimum capital                             well capitalized                                 minimum capital plus capital conservation buffer                                       truist targets (1)
truist       truist bank                                                                                         operating (2)                            stressed cet1                           4.5       %                    na              6.5     %                 7.0   %                                                                    8.5      %                           7.0     %
tier 1 capital                 6.0                           6.0              8.0                       8.5                                                                       10.0                                  8.5
total capital                  8.0                          10.0             10.0                      10.5                                                                       12.0                                 10.5
leverage ratio                 4.0                            na              5.0                       n/a                                                                        8.0                                  7.0
(1)the truist targets are subject to revision based on finalization of pending regulatory guidance and other strategic factors.
(2)truist's goal is to maintain capital levels above all regulatory minimums.
while nonrecurring events or management decisions may result in the company temporarily falling below its operating minimum guidelines for one or more of these ratios, it is management's intent to return to these targeted operating minimums within a reasonable period of time through capital planning. such temporary decreases below the operating minimums shown above are not considered an infringement of truist's overall capital policy, provided a return above the minimums is forecasted to occur within a reasonable time period.
payments of cash dividends and repurchases of common shares are the methods used to manage any excess capital generated. in addition, management closely monitors the parent company's double leverage ratio (investments in subsidiaries as a percentage of shareholders' equity). the active management of the subsidiaries' equity capital, as described above, is the process used to manage this important driver of parent company liquidity and is a key element in the management of truist's capital position.
management intends to maintain capital at truist bank at levels that will result in classification as "well-capitalized" for regulatory purposes. secondarily, it is management's intent to maintain truist bank's capital at levels that result in regulatory risk-based capital ratios that are generally comparable with peers of similar size, complexity and risk profile. if the capital levels of truist bank increase above these guidelines, excess capital may be transferred to the parent company in the form of special dividend payments, subject to regulatory and other operating considerations.
management's capital deployment plan in order of preference is to focus on (i) organic growth, (ii) dividends, and (iii) strategic opportunities and/or share repurchases depending on opportunities in the marketplace and truist's interest and ability to proceed with acquisitions. truist has suspended share repurchases until capital ratios return to higher levels.
truist bank's capital ratios are presented in the following table:
table 33: capital ratios - truist bank december 31,                                                        2019                          2018
cet1 to risk-weighted assets                                   10.6    %                     11.2    %
tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets                         10.6                          11.2
total capital to risk-weighted assets                          12.0                          13.2
leverage ratio                                                 14.5                           9.3
truist financial corporation 71
truist's capital ratios are presented in the following table:
table 34: capital ratios - truist financial corporation december 31,                                                                                           2019                                  2018
(dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands)
risk-based:
cet1 capital to risk-weighted assets                                                              9.5     %                            10.2     %
tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets                                                           10.8                                  11.8
total capital to risk-weighted assets                                                            12.6                                  13.8
leverage ratio                                                                                   14.7                                   9.9
non-gaap capital measure (1):
tangible common equity per common share                                                        $25.93                                $21.89
calculation of tangible common equity (1):
total shareholders' equity                                                                    $66,558                               $30,178
less:
preferred stock                                                                                 5,102                                 3,053
noncontrolling interests                                                                          174                                    56
goodwill and intangible assets, net of deferred taxes                                          26,482                                10,360
tangible common equity                                                                        $34,800                               $16,709
risk-weighted assets                                                                         $376,056                              $181,260
common shares outstanding at end of period                                                  1,342,166                               763,326
(1)tangible common equity and related measures are non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of intangible assets, net of deferred taxes, and their related amortization. these measures are useful for evaluating the performance of a business consistently, whether acquired or developed internally. truist's management uses these measures to assess the quality of capital and returns relative to balance sheet risk and believes investors may find them useful in their analysis of the corporation. these capital measures are not necessarily comparable to similar capital measures that may be presented by other companies.
during 2019,truist paid $1.3 billion in common stock dividends, which resulted in a total payout ratio of 43.2% for the year.
truist's board increased the dividend by $0.045 during 2019, which increased the amount of the quarterly dividend to $0.45 per share. as previously communicated, truist suspended its share repurchase program until capital ratios return to higher levels.
72 truist financial corporation table 35: quarterly financial summary - unaudited
2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2018
(dollars in millions, except per share data)              fourth quarter                    third quarter                   second quarter                    first quarter                   fourth quarter                    third quarter                   second quarter                    first quarter consolidated summary of operations:
interest income                                           $2,812                            $2,218                           $2,206                           $2,173                           $2,136                           $2,069                           $1,994                           $1,921
interest expense                                             585                               518                              516                              477                              431                              382                              337                              288
provision for credit losses                                  171                               117                              172                              155                              146                              135                              135                              150
noninterest income                                         1,398                             1,303                            1,352                            1,202                            1,235                            1,239                            1,222                            1,180
noninterest expense                                        2,575                             1,840                            1,751                            1,768                            1,784                            1,742                            1,720                            1,686
provision for income taxes                                   153                               218                              234                              177                              205                              210                              202                              186
net income                                                   726                               828                              885                              798                              805                              839                              822                              791
noncontrolling interest                                        5                                 3                              (1)                                6                                7                                7                                3                                3
preferred stock dividends                                     19                                90                               44                               43                               44                               43                               44                               43
net income available to common shareholders                 $702                              $735                             $842                             $749                             $754                             $789                             $775                             $745
basic eps                                                  $0.76                             $0.96                            $1.10                            $0.98                            $0.99                            $1.02                            $1.00                            $0.96
diluted eps                                                $0.75                             $0.95                            $1.09                            $0.97                            $0.97                            $1.01                            $0.99                            $0.94
selected average balances:
assets                                                  $302,059                          $232,420                         $229,249                         $225,573                         $223,625                         $222,674                         $221,344                         $221,419
securities, at amortized cost                             60,699                            48,900                           46,115                           46,734                           46,610                           46,299                           47,145                           48,374
loans and leases (1)                                     193,641                           152,042                          151,557                          148,790                          148,457                          147,489                          145,752                          143,906
total earning assets                                     263,115                           203,408                          200,839                          197,721                          197,213                          196,200                          195,094                          194,530
deposits                                                 210,716                           161,992                          159,891                          160,045                          157,842                          157,271                          157,676                          157,138
short-term borrowings                                     11,489                             8,307                            8,367                            5,624                            6,979                            6,023                            5,323                            5,477
long-term debt                                            29,888                            22,608                           23,233                           23,247                           23,488                           24,211                           23,639                           23,677
total interest-bearing liabilities                       187,608                           140,407                          138,811                          136,633                          134,577                          133,331                          132,675                          132,896
shareholders' equity                                      41,740                            32,744                           31,301                           30,541                           29,965                           29,887                           29,585                           29,528
(1) loans and leases are net of unearned income and include lhfs.
fourth quarter results total taxable-equivalent revenues were $3.7 billion for the fourth quarter of 2019, an increase of $686 million compared to the earlier quarter, which reflects an increase of $523 million in taxable-equivalent net interest income and an increase of $163 million in noninterest income.
net interest margin was 3.41%, down eight basis points compared to the earlier quarter. average earning assets increased $65.9 billion. the increase in average earning assets reflects a $45.2 billion increase in average total loans and leases and a $14.1 billion increase in average securities. average interest earning trading assets and other earning assets increased $6.6 billion due to higher trading securities and interest-bearing balances at the federal reserve. average interest-bearing liabilities increased $53.0 billion compared to the earlier quarter. average interest-bearing deposits increased $42.1 billion, average long-term debt increased $6.4 billion and average short-term borrowings increased $4.5 billion. the yield on the total loan portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2019 was 4.91%, down five basis points compared to the earlier quarter, reflecting the impact of rate decreases, partially offset by the accretion from the merged loans. the yield on the average securities portfolio was 2.65 percent, up 12 basis points compared to the earlier period.
the average cost of total deposits was 0.57 percent, up five basis points compared to the earlier quarter. the average cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.82 percent, up four basis points compared to the earlier quarter. the average rate on short-term borrowings was 2.15 percent, down three basis points compared to the earlier quarter. the average rate on long-term debt was 2.92 percent, down 27 basis points compared to the earlier quarter. the lower rates on long-term debt also reflect the amortization of the fair value mark on the assumed debt.
the provision for credit losses was $171 million, compared to $146 million for the earlier quarter. the increase in the provision for credit losses was primarily due to higher net-charge offs, partially offset by the residential mortgage loan sale in the current quarter. net charge-offs for the fourth quarter of 2019 totaled $192 million compared to $143 million in the earlier quarter.
noninterest income for the fourth quarter of 2019 increased $163 million compared to the earlier quarter. excluding the net change in securities losses of $118 million and $22 million of losses recognized from the transfer of mortgage loans to held for sale, noninterest income increased $303 million. approximately $217 million of the variance is due to the contribution from the merger. insurance income increased $22 million due to higher production. the remaining increase is due to $42 million in income related to assets for certain post-employment benefits, which was offset by higher personnel expense.
truist financial corporation 73
noninterest expense for the fourth quarter of 2019 was up $791 million compared to the earlier quarter. merger-related and restructuring charges and other incremental operating expenses related to the merger increased $147 million and $101 million, respectively. excluding these charges, noninterest expense was up $543 million. approximately $400 million of the remaining variance was the result of noninterest expenses associated with the merged operations.
personnel expense increased $369 million compared to the earlier quarter. the increase was largely attributable to a $227 million impact from the merged operations, an $80 million increase in incremental operating expenses related to the merger, a $40 million increase for certain post-employment benefits that were offset by higher noninterest income, and a $29 million increase in production-based and other incentives. amortization of intangibles increased $37 million, primarily due to the new intangibles created in the merger.
the provision for income taxes was $153 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to $205 million for the earlier quarter. this produced an effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2019 of 17.4%, compared to 20.3% for the earlier quarter. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to an increase in the realization of income tax credits and a decrease in earnings during the current quarter.
reclassifications in connection with the merger, captions in the consolidated balance sheets, noninterest income and noninterest expense in the consolidated statements of income, loan categories and business activities within the segments were realigned. amounts reported in prior periods' consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. in certain other circumstances, reclassifications have been made to prior period information to conform to the current presentation. such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported shareholders' equity or net income. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" for additional discussion regarding reclassifications.
critical accounting policies the accounting and reporting policies of truist are in accordance with gaap and conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. the financial position and results of operations are affected by management's application of accounting policies, including estimates, assumptions and judgments made to arrive at the carrying value of assets and liabilities and amounts reported for revenues and expenses. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in the consolidated financial position and/or consolidated results of operations and related disclosures. understanding truist's accounting policies is fundamental to understanding the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. accordingly, truist's significant accounting policies and effects of new accounting pronouncements are discussed in detail in "note 1. basis of presentation."
the following is a summary of truist's critical accounting policies that are highly dependent on estimates, assumptions and judgments. these critical accounting policies are reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors on a periodic basis.
acl truist's policy is to maintain an acl, which includes the alll and the rufc, which represent management's best estimate of probable credit losses incurred in the loan and lease portfolios and off-balance sheet lending commitments at the balance sheet date. estimates for loan and lease losses are determined by analyzing historical loan and lease losses, historical loan and lease migration to charge-off experience, current trends in delinquencies and charge-offs, changes in internal risk ratings, expected cash flows on pci loans, current assessment of impaired loans and leases, the results of regulatory examinations and changes in the size, composition and risk assessment of the loan and lease portfolio. as part of the acl estimation process, truist develops a series of loss estimate factors, which are modeled projections of the frequency and severity of losses. these loss estimate factors are based on historical loss experience, economic and political environmental considerations and any other data that management believes will provide evidence about the collectability of outstanding loan and lease amounts. the following table summarizes the loss estimate factors used to determine the alll:
loss estimate factor       description loss frequency             indicates the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on a loan loss severity              indicates the amount of estimated loss at the time of default
74 truist financial corporation for collectively evaluated loans, the alll is determined by multiplying the loan exposure estimated at the time of default by the loss frequency and loss severity factors. for individually evaluated loans, the alll is determined through review of data specific to the borrower. for tdrs, default expectations and estimated prepayment speeds that are specific to each of the restructured loan populations are incorporated in the determination of the alll. also included in management's estimates for loan and lease losses are considerations with respect to the impact of current economic events, the outcomes of which are uncertain. these events may include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in overall interest rates, political conditions, legislation that may directly or indirectly affect the banking industry and economic conditions affecting specific geographical areas and industries in which truist conducts business.
the methodology used to determine an estimate for the rufc is inherently similar to that used to determine the collectively evaluated component of the alll, adjusted for factors specific to binding commitments, including the probability of funding and exposure at default. a detailed discussion of the methodology used in determining the acl is included in "note 1. basis of presentation."
fair value of financial instruments the vast majority of assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis are based on either quoted market prices or market prices for similar instruments. refer to "note 18. fair value disclosures" for additional disclosures regarding the fair value of financial instruments and "note 2. business combinations" for additional disclosures regarding business combinations.
securities truist generally utilizes a third-party pricing service in determining the fair value of its afs investment securities, whereas trading securities are priced internally. fair value measurements for investment securities are derived from market-based pricing matrices that were developed using observable inputs that include benchmark yields, benchmark securities, reported trades, offers, bids, issuer spreads and broker quotes. management performs procedures to evaluate the fair values provided by the third-party service provider. these procedures, which are performed independent of the responsible bu, include comparison of pricing information received from the third party pricing service to other third-party pricing sources, review of additional information provided by the third-party pricing service and other third-party sources for selected securities and back-testing to compare the price realized on security sales to the daily pricing information received from the third-party pricing service. the ipv committee, which provides oversight to truist's enterprise-wide ipv function, is responsible for the comparison of pricing information received from the third-party pricing service or internally to other third-party pricing sources, approving tolerance limits determined by ipv for price comparison exceptions, reviewing significant changes to pricing and valuation policies and reviewing and approving the pricing decisions made on any illiquid and hard-to-price securities. when market observable data is not available, which generally occurs due to the lack of liquidity for certain securities, the valuation of the security is subjective and may involve substantial judgment by management.
certain securities are less actively traded and quoted market prices may not be readily available. the determination of fair value may require benchmarking to similar instruments or performing a discounted cash flow analysis using estimates of future cash flows and prepayment, interest and default rates.
truist periodically reviews afs securities with an unrealized loss. an unrealized loss exists when the current fair value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis. the purpose of the review is to consider the length of time and the extent to which the market value of a security has been below its amortized cost. the primary factors truist considers in determining whether an impairment is other-than-temporary are long-term expectations and recent experience regarding principal and interest payments and truist's intent to sell and whether it is more likely than not that the company would be required to sell those securities before the anticipated recovery of the amortized cost basis.
msrs truist's primary class of msrs for which it separately manages the economic risks relates to residential mortgages. residential msrs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. while sales of msrs do occur, the precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available. accordingly, truist estimates the fair value of residential msrs using a stochastic oas valuation model to project residential msr cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios, which are then discounted at risk-adjusted rates. the oas model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually-specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenue, costs to service and other economic factors. truist reassesses and periodically adjusts the underlying inputs and assumptions in the oas model to reflect market conditions and assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing the residential msr asset.
truist financial corporation 75
fair value estimates and assumptions are compared to industry surveys, recent market activity, actual portfolio experience and, when available, observable market data. due to the nature of the valuation inputs, residential msrs are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. the value of residential msrs is significantly affected by mortgage interest rates available in the marketplace, which influence mortgage loan prepayment speeds. in general, during periods of declining interest rates, the value of msrs declines due to increasing prepayments attributable to increased mortgage-refinance activity. conversely, during periods of rising interest rates, the value of residential msrs generally increases due to reduced refinance activity. truist typically hedges against market value changes in the residential msrs. refer to "note 8. loan servicing" for quantitative disclosures reflecting the effect that changes in management's assumptions would have on the fair value of residential msrs.
lhfs truist originates certain residential and commercial mortgage loans for sale to investors that are carried at fair value. the fair value is primarily based on quoted market prices for securities backed by similar types of loans. changes in the fair value are recorded as components of residential mortgage income and commercial real estate related income, while the related origination costs are generally recognized in personnel expense when incurred. the changes in fair value are largely driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to loan funding and changes in the fair value of servicing associated with the lhfs. truist uses various derivative instruments to mitigate the economic effect of changes in fair value of the underlying loans. lhfs also includes certain loans, generally carried at locom, where management has committed to a formal plan of sale and the loans are available for immediate sale. adjustments to reflect unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value, up to the original carrying amount, and realized gains and losses upon ultimate sale are classified as noninterest income. the fair value of these loans is estimated using observable market prices when available, although may also incorporate other unobservable inputs such as indicative bids or broker price opinions. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" for further description of the company's accounting for lhfs.
trading loans truist elects to measure certain loans at fair value for financial reporting where fair value aligns with the underlying business purpose. specifically, loans included within this classification include trading loans that are (i) purchased in connection with the company's trs business, (ii) part of the loan sales and trading business within the c&cb segment, or (iii) backed by the sba. refer to "note 16. commitments and contingencies," and "note 19. derivative financial instruments," for further discussion of the company's trs business. the loans purchased in connection with the company's trs and sales and trading businesses are primarily commercial and corporate leveraged loans valued based on quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active by a third-party pricing service. sba loans are fully guaranteed by the u.s. government as to contractual principal and interest and there is sufficient observable trading activity upon which to base the estimate of fair value.
derivative assets and liabilities truist uses derivatives to manage various financial risks and in a dealer capacity to facilitate client transactions. truist mitigates credit risk by subjecting counterparties to credit reviews and approvals similar to those used in making loans and other extensions of credit. in addition, certain counterparties are required to provide collateral to truist when their unsecured loss positions exceed certain negotiated limits. the fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined based on quoted market prices and internal pricing models that use market observable data for interest rates, foreign exchange, equity and credit. the fair value of interest rate lock commitments, which are related to mortgage loan commitments, is based on quoted market prices adjusted for commitments that truist does not expect to fund and includes the value attributable to the net servicing fee. refer to "note 19. derivative financial instruments" for further information on the company's derivatives.
purchased loans the fair value for purchased loans in a business combination is based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considers credit loss expectations, market interest rates and other market factors such as liquidity from the perspective of a market participant. loans are grouped together according to similar characteristics and are treated in the aggregate when applying various valuation techniques. the probability of default, loss given default and prepayment assumptions are key factors driving credit losses which are embedded into the estimated cash flows. these assumptions are informed by internal data on loan characteristics, historical loss experience, and current and forecasted economic conditions. the interest and liquidity component of the estimate is determined by discounting interest and principal cash flows through the expected life of each loan. the discount rates used for loans are based on current market rates for new originations of comparable loans and include adjustments for liquidity. the discount rate does not include a factor for credit losses as that has been included as a reduction to the estimated cash flows.
76 truist financial corporation intangible assets the acquisition method of accounting requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded at their fair values. this often involves estimates based on third-party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, which are inherently subjective. the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received, which is also subjective. business combinations also typically result in goodwill, which is subject to ongoing periodic impairment tests based on the fair values of the reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" for a description of the impairment testing process. management considers the sensitivity of the significant assumptions in its impairment analysis including consideration of changes in estimated future cash flows or the discount rate for each reporting unit. the discount rates used are based on current market rates.
income taxes truist is subject to income tax laws of the u.s., its states, and the municipalities in which it conducts business. in estimating the net amount due to or to be received from tax jurisdictions either currently or in the future, the company assesses the appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent, and other pertinent information. the income tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant government taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the tax accruals and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertain tax positions. changes in the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws and new judicial guidance, the status of examinations by the tax authorities, and newly enacted statutory and regulatory guidance that could impact the relative merits and risks of tax positions. these changes, when they occur, impact tax expense and can materially affect operating results. truist reviews tax positions quarterly and adjusts accrued taxes as new information becomes available.
deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable in future years. such assets arise due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from nol and tax credit carryforwards. the company regularly evaluates the realizability of dtas, recognizing a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the dta will not be realized. in determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary, the company considers the level of taxable income in prior years to the extent that carrybacks are permitted under current tax laws, as well as estimates of future pre-tax and taxable income and tax planning strategies that would, if necessary, be implemented. truist currently maintains a valuation allowance for certain state carryforwards and certain other state dtas. for additional income tax information, refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" and "note 14. income taxes".
pension and postretirement benefit obligations truist offers various pension plans and postretirement benefit plans to employees. calculation of the obligations and related expenses under these plans requires the use of actuarial valuation methods and assumptions, which are subject to management judgment and may differ significantly if different assumptions are used. the discount rate assumption used to measure the postretirement benefit obligations is set by reference to a high-quality (aa-rated or higher) corporate bond yield curve and the individual characteristics of the plans such as projected cash flow patterns and payment durations. management considered the sensitivity that changes in the expected return on plan assets and the discount rate would have on pension expense. for the company's qualified plans, a decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate would result in additional pension expense of approximately $50 million for 2020, while a decrease of 100 basis points in the expected return on plan assets would result in an increase of approximately $126 million in pension expense for 2020. refer to "note 15. benefit plans" for disclosures related to the benefit plans.
truist financial corporation 77
