item 1a. risk factors our business faces many risks. those risks of which we are currently aware and deem to be material are described below.  if any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may significantly suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.  these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this form 10-k.
general economic conditions may adversely affect our financial performance.
our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. a weakening of economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as lower employment levels, uncertainty or changes in business or political conditions, higher interest rates, higher tax rates, higher fuel and energy costs, higher labor and healthcare costs, the impact of natural disasters or acts of terrorism, general health epidemics, and other matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to competitors. a general reduction in the level of discretionary spending, shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors or shifts in discretionary spending to less profitable products sold by us could result in lower net sales, slower inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins.
failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name or any of our exclusive brands.
our success depends in part on the value and strength of the tractor supply name, including our exclusive brands. the tractor supply name is integral to our business, as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent, high quality customer experience. our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. failure to comply or accusation of failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, data privacy, and environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. any of these events could result in decreased revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business.
index we may be unable to increase sales at our existing stores.
we experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales at our existing stores, defined as sales in stores which have been open for at least twelve months.  various factors affect the comparable store sales at our existing stores, including, among others, the general retail sales environment, our ability to efficiently source and distribute products, changes in our merchandise assortment, competition, proximity of our locations to one another or to the locations of other competing retailers, increased presence of online retailers, current economic conditions, customer satisfaction with our products, retail pricing, the timing of promotional events, the release of new merchandise, the success of marketing programs, and weather conditions.  these factors may cause the comparable store sales results at our existing stores to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations.  past comparable store sales are not an indication of future results, and there can be no assurance that our comparable store sales will not decrease in the future.
purchase price volatility, including inflationary and deflationary pressures, may adversely affect our financial performance.
although we cannot determine the full effect of inflation and deflation on our operations, we believe our sales and results of operations are affected by both.  we are subject to market risk with respect to the pricing of certain products and services, which include, among other items, grain, corn, steel, petroleum, cotton, and other commodities, as well as duties, tariffs, diesel fuel, and transportation services.  therefore, we may experience both inflationary and deflationary pressure on product cost, which may impact consumer demand and, as a result, sales and gross margin.  our strategy is to reduce or mitigate the effects of purchase price volatility principally by taking advantage of vendor incentive programs, economies of scale from increased volume of purchases, adjusting retail prices, and selectively buying from the most competitive vendors while maintaining product quality.  should our strategy to mitigate purchase price volatility not be effective, our financial performance could be adversely impacted.
weather conditions may have a significant impact on our financial results.
weather conditions affect the demand for, and in some cases the supply of, products, which in turn has an impact on prices.  historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. in addition, extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain, and droughts, have impacted operating results. while extreme weather conditions can positively impact our operating results by increasing demand in affected locations for products needed to cope with the weather condition and its effects, they can also negatively affect our business depending on the severity and length of these conditions, as a result of store closings, damage to our stores or merchandise, or the inability of customers to shop at our stores due to weather conditions. our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. should such a strategy not be effective, the weather may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
our merchandising and marketing initiatives may not provide expected results.
we believe our past performance has been based on, and future success will depend upon, in part, the ability to develop and execute merchandising initiatives with effective marketing programs.  these merchandising initiatives and marketing programs may not deliver expected results, and there is no assurance that we will correctly identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving trends and consumer preferences and expectations. further, adverse publicity about our merchandise products, whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying the products we offer. if we misjudge the market or our marketing programs are not successful, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory impairment or retail price reductions that have a material adverse effect on our profitability. failure to execute and promote such initiatives in a timely manner could harm our ability to grow the business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  shortages of key merchandise could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
capital required for growth may not be available.
the construction or acquisition of new stores, store support center facilities, distribution facilities, or other facilities, the remodeling and renovation of existing facilities, and investments in information technology require significant amounts of capital. in the past, our growth has been funded through internally generated cash flow and bank borrowings.  our failure to generate expected cash flow could impair our growth. in addition, disruptions to the capital and credit markets could adversely affect the ability of the banks to meet their commitments.  our access to funds under our debt facilities is dependent on the index ability of the banks that are parties to the facility to meet their funding commitments.  those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to us if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time.  in addition, tight lending practices may make it difficult for our real estate developers to obtain financing under acceptable loan terms and conditions.  unfavorable lending conditions could impact the timing of our store openings and materially adversely affect our ability to open new stores in desirable locations.
longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced funding alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business.  any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged.  such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, cash dividends, or other discretionary uses of cash.
failure to open and manage new stores in the number and manner currently contemplated could adversely affect our financial performance.
an integral part of our business strategy includes the expansion of our store base through new store openings. this expansion strategy is dependent on our ability to find suitable locations, and we face competition from many retailers and other businesses for such sites. if we are unable to implement this strategy, our ability to increase our sales, profitability, and cash flow could be impaired significantly. to the extent that we are unable to open new stores in the manner we anticipate (due to, among other reasons, site approval or unforeseen delays in construction), our sales growth may be impeded.
as we execute this expansion strategy, we may also experience managerial or operational challenges which may prevent any expected increase in sales, profitability, or cash flow. our ability to manage our planned expansion depends on the adequacy of our existing information systems, the efficiency and expansion of our distribution systems, the adequacy of the hiring and training process for new personnel (especially store managers), the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, and the ability to identify customer demand and build market awareness in different geographic areas. there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our planned expansion, that the new stores will be effectively integrated into our existing operations or that such stores will be profitable.
although we have a rigorous real estate site selection and approval process, there can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in incremental sales and profitability for the company. new stores build their sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our more mature stores. as we continue to open new stores, there may be a negative impact on our results from a lower contribution margin of these new stores until their sales levels ramp to chain average, if at all, as well as from the impact of related pre-opening costs. additionally, new stores can also impact the sales and contribution margins of existing stores located in close proximity.
our failure to attract and retain qualified team members, increases in wage, and labor costs, and changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to maintain and continue expanding operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified team members.  our ability to meet labor needs while controlling wage and related labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, increases in legally required minimum wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, changes in employment legislation and the potential for changes in local labor practices or union activities.  if we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or if costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions. these laws cover wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety and immigration, among others.  the laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level create unique challenges for a multi-state employer.  we must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations.  if our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly as new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
index the loss of current members of our senior management team and other key team members or the failure to successfully manage an executive officer transition may adversely affect our operating results.
our success depends in large part on the continued availability and service of our executive officers, senior management, and other key team members. competition for senior management and key team members in our industry is strong and we may not be able to retain our key team members or attract new qualified team members. we must continue to recruit, retain, and motivate management and other team members sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our long-term strategic growth initiatives. the loss of any of our executive officers or other key senior management without sufficient advance notice could prevent or delay the implementation and completion of our strategic initiatives or divert management's attention to seeking qualified replacements. additionally, any failure by us to manage a successful leadership transition of an executive officer and to timely identify a qualified permanent replacement could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we may pursue strategic acquisitions and the failure of an acquisition to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business.
we may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business. the success of an acquisition is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration, and other factors relating to the target business. acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. we may not be able to successfully integrate an organization that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations, and general operating procedures. if we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new businesses may not meet our expectations and, therefore, adversely affect our financial performance.
competition may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our operations.
we operate in the highly competitive retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors. these competitors include general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, specialty and discount retailers, independently-owned retail farm and ranch stores, numerous privately-held regional farm store chains, and farm cooperatives, as well as internet-based retailers. we compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and employees. this competitive environment subjects us to various other risks, including the inability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. our failure to compete effectively in this environment could adversely impact our financial performance.
we face risks from our use of service providers or other third-parties whom we rely upon for conducting our business.
the company is dependent upon numerous service providers and other third-parties to conduct our business. while the company selects these third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions. any failure of these third-parties to provide the expected or agreed-upon level of service in a timely manner for any reason could adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to its customers and otherwise conduct its business. further, our reputation or brand could be adversely impacted by the actions of these third-parties.
we face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced.
the products we sell are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors.  we have agreements with our vendors in which the vendors agree to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and to indemnify us against certain liabilities and costs.  our ability to recover liabilities and costs under these vendor agreements is dependent upon the financial condition and integrity of the vendors. we rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no significant long-term contracts with such suppliers.  our future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships or to develop new ones.  this reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, health (including, but not limited to, the recent covid-19 coronavirus outbreak originating in china), or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution.  our vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market's needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
index while the company selects these third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions or the components or manufacturer of their products. any problems caused by these third-parties, or issues associated with their products, including customer or governmental complaints, breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, and cyber attacks or security breaches at a vendor could subject the company to litigation and adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to its customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that we sell.  in addition, many of our domestic suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources.  as an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated with doing business internationally, such as domestic and foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, global or regional health epidemics, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates, and changes in political or economic conditions in countries from which we purchase products.  if any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries undesirable or impractical or if additional u.s. quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
the current political landscape in the u.s. has introduced greater uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries. we source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the u.s., primarily in asia and central america. major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise or the imposition of tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
we rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries, including china, for merchandise. additionally, a portion of our domestically purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade, including the impact of tariffs (imposed and potential) by the u.s. with respect to certain consumer goods imported from china.
we source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the u.s., primarily in asia and central america, and many of our domestic vendors have a global supply chain. the u.s. has imposed tariffs on certain products imported into the u.s. from china and could propose additional tariffs. the imposition of tariffs on imported products has increased our costs and could result in reduced sales and profits. in addition, the imposition of tariffs by the u.s. has resulted in the adoption of tariffs by china on u.s. exports and could result in the adoption of tariffs by other countries as well. a resulting trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. further, the imposition of tariffs or other changes in world trade could have an impact on certain u.s. industries and consumers and could negatively impact the consumer demand for products that we sell.
we continue to evaluate the impact of the effective and potential tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability as well as our strategies to mitigate any negative impact, including negotiating with our vendors, seeking alternative sourcing options, and adjusting retail selling prices. given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of the current and potential tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade actions by the u.s. or other countries, the impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain but could be significant. thus, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful in whole or in part in mitigating the impact of any current or future tariffs. to the extent that our supply chain, costs, sales, or profitability are negatively affected by the tariffs or other trade actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
a significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits.
we rely on our distribution and transportation network to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. any disruption, unanticipated expense, or operational failure related to this process could negatively affect our operations. for example, unexpected delivery delays (including delays due to weather, fuel shortages, work stoppages, global or regional health epidemics, or other reasons) or increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate products for sale, or products at a desired price, resulting in lower sales and profitability. in addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could index negatively affect our business. also, a fire, tornado, or other disaster at one of our distribution facilities could disrupt our timely receiving, processing, and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business.
the implementation of our supply chain initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new distribution facilities and expand existing facilities to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. delays in opening new or expanded distribution facilities could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth or negatively impacting our fulfillment capabilities, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. in addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental, or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. the completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. we cannot guarantee that all projects will be completed on time or within established budgets.
we continue to make significant technology investments in our supply chain. these initiatives are designed to streamline our distribution process so that we can optimize the delivery of goods and services to our stores, distribution facilities, and customers in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. in addition, our improved supply chain technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether.
we are subject to personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, and other claims in the ordinary course of business.
our business involves a risk of personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, and other claims in the ordinary course of business.  product liability claims from customers and product recalls for merchandise alleged to be defective or harmful could lead to the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, the incurrence of fines or penalties, and damage to our reputation. we maintain general liability and workers' compensation insurance with a self-insured retention for each policy type and a deductible for each occurrence.  we also maintain umbrella limits above the primary general liability and product liability coverage.  in many cases, we have indemnification rights against the manufacturers of the products and their products liability insurance, as well as the property owners of our leased buildings.  our ability to recover costs and damages under such insurance or indemnification arrangements is subject to the financial viability of the insurers, manufacturers, and landlords and the specific allegations of a claim.  no assurance can be given that our insurance coverage or the manufacturers' or landlords' indemnity will be available or sufficient in any claims brought against us.
additionally, we are subject to u.s. federal, state, and local employment laws that expose us to potential liability if we are determined to have violated such employment laws, including but not limited to, laws pertaining to minimum wage rates, overtime pay, discrimination, harassment, and wrongful termination. compliance with these laws, including the remediation of any alleged violation, may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could materially impact our business and results.
the company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. an internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation or adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
index any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our business, customers, employees, and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, employees, and vendors, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could materially affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity.
we depend on information systems and technology, some of which are managed or provided by third-parties, for many activities important to our business. as do most retailers, we receive and store in our information systems certain personal and other sensitive information about our business, customers, employees, and vendors. additionally, we also receive and process information permitting cashless payments as part of our in-store and online operations at tractorsupply.com, some of which depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. the information that we receive and store makes us subject to cybersecurity attacks, cyber incidents and privacy regulations, which are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated, and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. we are the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and continuously monitor our information technology networks and infrastructure in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. however, these security measures cannot provide absolute assurance or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing, detecting, or responding to every such breach or disruption and/or preventing the misuse of confidential information of our business, customers, employees, or vendors. similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors that we rely upon for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information.
a compromise of our information security and privacy controls, or those of businesses and vendors with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper parties; loss or unavailability of data; disruptions to our business activities; or any other outcome stemming from a cybersecurity incident could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, team members, and vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and could result in significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of insurance coverage. moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to respond to the attack or breach and could result in a disruption of our operations.
in addition, states and the federal government are increasingly enacting laws and regulations relating to privacy, data breaches, and theft of employee and customer data.  these laws will likely increase the costs of doing business and, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, to implement appropriate safeguards, or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these new laws, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies, which could harm our business.
we are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label and co-branded credit cards, gift cards, direct debit from a customer's bank account, consumer invoicing, and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. these payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers, and payment card industry data security standards. they also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. if we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, adequately encrypt payment transaction data, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks' costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
our business and operations could suffer material losses in the event of system interruptions or failures.
our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services managed or provided by third-parties, serve an important role in the operation and administration of our business. these systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including, but not limited to, human error, cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, fire, flood, power outages, telecommunication failures, facility or equipment damage, natural disasters, terrorism, and war.  in addition, we index continually make investments in technology to implement new processes and systems, as well as to maintain and update our existing processes and systems. implementing process and system changes increases the risk of disruption. if our information technology systems are interrupted or fail and our redundant systems or recovery plans are not adequate to address such interruptions or failures on a timely basis, our revenues and profits could be reduced and the reputation of our brand and our business could be materially adversely affected.  additionally, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses.
customer-facing technology systems are an important part of our sales and marketing strategy and the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.
through our continued information technology enhancements, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping environment and an omni-channel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smart phones, and other mobile communication devices. we use our website, tractorsupply.com, both as a sales channel for our products and as a method of providing product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to drive both in-store and online sales. omni-channel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. disruptions, failures, or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our in-store and online business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
if we are unable to maintain or upgrade our management information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient and our long-term strategic growth initiatives may not be successful.
we depend on management information systems for many aspects of our business.  we rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. we could be materially adversely affected if we experienced a disruption or data loss relating to our management information systems and are unable to recover timely. we could also be adversely impacted if we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our management information systems, particularly in light of the contemplated continued store growth.
the success of our long-term strategic growth initiatives designed to increase our sales and improve margin are dependent in varying degrees on the timely delivery and the functionality of information technology systems to support them.  extended delays or cost overruns in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support the long-term strategic growth initiatives would delay and possibly even prevent us from realizing the projected benefits of those initiatives.
we cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program.
although our board of directors has indicated an intention to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determination to pay or increase cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and our board of directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. furthermore, although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $4.5 billion, we may discontinue this program at any time or significantly reduce repurchases under the program.
the market price for our common stock might be volatile and could result in a decline in value.
the price at which our common stock trades may be volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to our operating results, general trends and prospects for the retail industry, announcements by our competitors, analyst recommendations, our ability to meet or exceed analysts' or investors' expectations, the condition of the financial markets, and other factors. the company's stock price is dependent in part on the multiple of earnings that investors are willing to pay. that multiple is in part dependent on investors' perception of the company's future earnings growth prospects. if investors' perception of the company's earnings growth prospects change, the company's earnings multiple may decline and its stock price could be adversely affected.
in addition, the stock market has at times experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. these fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock notwithstanding our actual operating performance.
index our business could be negatively impacted as a result of federal, state, local, or foreign laws and regulations.
we are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws and governmental regulations including those relating to environmental protection, personal injury, intellectual property, consumer product safety, building, land use and zoning requirements, workplace regulations, wage and hour, privacy and information security, and employment law matters.
our operations, including our outsourced exclusive brand manufacturing partners, are subject to regulation by the occupational safety and health administration ("osha"), the food and drug administration (the "fda"), the department of agriculture (the "usda") and by various other federal, state, local and foreign authorities regarding the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling and export of our products, including food safety standards.
if we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, or if these laws or regulations are violated by importers, manufacturers or distributors, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations.
we are also subject to the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), which prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business, and the anti-bribery laws of other jurisdictions. failure to comply with the fcpa and similar laws could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
potential noncompliance with environmental regulations could materially impact our results of operations or financial condition.
our business is subject to various federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and other requirements pertaining to protection of the environment and public health, including, for example, regulations governing the management of waste materials and waste waters.  governmental agencies on the federal, state, and local levels have, in recent years, increasingly focused on the retail sector's compliance with such laws and regulations, and have at times pursued enforcement activities.  we periodically receive information requests and notices of potential noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations from governmental agencies, which are addressed on a case-by-case basis with the relevant agency. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
effective tax rate changes and results of examinations by taxing authorities could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by legislative tax reform, changes in statutory rates or changes in tax laws, or interpretations thereof. additionally, our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by the earnings mix being lower than historical results in states where we have lower statutory rates and higher than historical results in states where we have higher statutory rates or by changes in the measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.
we are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the internal revenue service ("irs"), as well as state and local taxing authorities. like many retailers, a portion of our sales are to tax-exempt customers. the business activities of our customers and the intended use of the unique products sold by us create a challenging and complex compliance environment.  these circumstances create risk that we could be challenged as to the propriety of our sales tax compliance. our results could be materially impacted by the determinations and expenses related to these and other proceedings by the irs and other state and local taxing authorities.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is intended to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources during the three-year period ended december 28, 2019 (our fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017). this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. this discussion contains forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report.
tractor supply reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"). tractor supply also uses certain non-gaap measures that fall within the meaning of securities and exchange commission regulation g and regulation s-k item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. non-gaap measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by u.s. gaap. therefore, tractor supply's non-gaap measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. the presentation of these non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. we believe this information is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our continuing operations.
overview founded in 1938, tractor supply company (the "company" or "we" or "our" or "us") is the largest rural lifestyle retailer in the united states ("u.s."). the company is focused on supplying the needs of recreational farmers, ranchers, and all those who enjoy living the rural lifestyle (which we refer to as the "out here" lifestyle), as well as tradesmen and small businesses. as of december 28, 2019, we operated 2,024 retail stores in 49 states under the names tractor supply company, del's feed & farm supply, and petsense. we also operate websites under the names tractorsupply.com and petsense.com. our stores are located primarily in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities, and they offer the following comprehensive selection of merchandise:
•equine, livestock, pet, and small animal products, including items necessary for their health, care, growth, and containment;
•hardware, truck, towing, and tool products;
•seasonal products, including heating, lawn and garden items, power equipment, gifts, and toys;
•work/recreational clothing and footwear; and
•maintenance products for agricultural and rural use.
tractor supply company believes we can grow our business by being the most dependable supplier of relevant products and services for the "out here" lifestyle, creating customer loyalty through personalized experiences, and providing convenience that our customers expect at anytime, anywhere, and in any way they choose.  our long-term growth strategy is to: (1) drive profitable growth through new store openings and by expanding omni-channel capabilities, thus tying together our website product content, social media, digital, and online shopping experience, attracting new customers and driving loyalty, (2) build customer-centric engagement by leveraging analytics to deliver legendary customer service, seasoned advice, and personalized experiences, (3) offer relevant assortments and services across all channels through exclusive and national brands and continue to introduce new products and services through our test and learn strategy, (4) enhance our core and foundational capabilities by investing in infrastructure and process improvements which will support growth, scale, and agility while improving the customer experience, and (5) expand through selective acquisitions, as such opportunities arise, to add complementary businesses and to enhance penetration into new and existing markets to supplement organic growth.
achieving this strategy will require a foundational focus on: (1) organizing, optimizing, and empowering our team members for growth by developing skills, talent, and leadership across the organization, and (2) implementing operational efficiency initiatives, including leverage of technology and automation, to align our cost structure to support new business capabilities for margin improvement and cost reductions.
over the past five years, we have experienced considerable growth in stores, growing from 1,382 stores at the end of fiscal 2014 to 2,024 stores (1,844 tractor supply and del's retail stores and 180 petsense retail stores) at the end of fiscal 2019, and in net sales, with a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 7.9%. given the size of the communities that we target, we believe that there is ample opportunity for new store growth in existing and new markets. we have developed a proven method for selecting store sites and have identified over 600 additional opportunities for new tractor supply stores. we also believe that there is opportunity for up to 1,000 petsense stores.
index executive summary in fiscal 2019, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores in 29 states and eight new petsense stores in four states. in fiscal 2018, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores in 33 states and 18 new petsense stores in 14 states. this resulted in a selling square footage increase of approximately 4.3% in fiscal 2019 and approximately 4.9% in fiscal 2018.
net sales increased 5.6% to $8.35 billion in fiscal 2019 from $7.91 billion in fiscal 2018. comparable store sales increased 2.7% in fiscal 2019 versus a 5.1% increase in fiscal 2018. gross profit increased 6.3% to $2.87 billion in fiscal 2019 from $2.70 billion in fiscal 2018, and gross margin increased 22 basis points to 34.38% of net sales in fiscal 2019 from 34.16% of net sales in fiscal 2018. operating income increased three basis points to 8.90% of net sales in fiscal 2019 from 8.87% of net sales in fiscal 2018. for fiscal 2019, net income was $562.4 million, or $4.66 per diluted share, compared to $532.4 million, or $4.31 per diluted share, in fiscal 2018.
we ended the year with $84.2 million in cash and outstanding debt of $396.5 million, after returning $696.0 million to our stockholders through stock repurchases and quarterly cash dividends.
significant accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make informed estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  our financial position and/or results of operations may be materially different when reported under different conditions or when using different assumptions in the application of such policies.  in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information.  our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.  the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment or use of complex estimates.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                     effect if actual results differ from assumptions inventory valuation:
inventory impairment we identify potentially excess and slow-moving inventory by evaluating turn rates, historical and expected future sales trends, age of merchandise, overall inventory levels, current cost of inventory, and other benchmarks. we have established an inventory valuation reserve to recognize the estimated impairment in value (i.e., an inability to realize the full carrying value) based on our aggregate assessment of these valuation indicators under prevailing market conditions and current merchandising strategies.         we do not believe our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of obsolescence in the near term. however, changes in market conditions or consumer purchasing patterns could result in the need for additional reserves.         we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize inventory impairment reserves in the financial periods presented. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate impairment. however, if assumptions regarding consumer demand or clearance potential for certain products are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our inventory impairment reserve as of december 28, 2019, would have affected net income by approximately $1.1 million in fiscal 2019.
our impairment reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding forecasted customer demand and the promotional environment.
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effect if actual results differ from assumptions shrinkage we perform physical inventories at least once a year for each store that has been open more than 12 months, and we have established a reserve for estimating inventory shrinkage between physical inventory counts. the reserve is established by assessing the chain-wide average shrinkage experience rate, applied to the related periods' sales volumes. such assessments are updated on a regular basis for the most recent individual store experiences.                                                                                                                                                             the estimated store inventory shrink rate is based on historical experience. we believe historical rates are a reasonably accurate reflection of future trends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize shrinkage in the financial periods presented.
our shrinkage reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding future shrinkage trends, the effect of loss prevention measures and merchandising strategies.                                                                                                                                                                                                we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our shrinkage reserve. however, if our estimates regarding inventory losses are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
a 10% change in our shrinkage reserve as of december 28, 2019, would have affected net income by approximately $2.2 million in fiscal 2019.
vendor funding we receive funding from substantially all of our significant merchandise vendors, in support of our business initiatives, through a variety of programs and arrangements, including guaranteed vendor support funds ("vendor support") and volume-based rebate funds ("volume rebates"). the amounts received are subject to terms of vendor agreements, most of which are "evergreen", reflecting the on-going relationship with our significant merchandise vendors. certain of our agreements, primarily volume rebates, are renegotiated annually, based on expected annual purchases of the vendor's product.         the estimated purchase volume (and related vendor funding) is based on our current knowledge of inventory levels, sales trends and expected customer demand, as well as planned new store openings and relocations. although we believe we can reasonably estimate purchase volume and related volume rebates at interim periods, it is possible that actual year-end results could be different from previously estimated amounts.       we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our vendor funding reserves in the financial periods presented.
vendor funding is initially deferred as a reduction of the purchase price of inventory, and then recognized as a reduction of cost of merchandise as the related inventory is sold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        our allocation methodology contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding customer demand, purchasing activity, target thresholds, vendor attrition and collectability.                                                                                                                                                                                           at the end of each fiscal year, a significant portion of the actual purchase activity is known. thus, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the amounts recorded as vendor funding.
during interim periods, the amount of vendor support and volume rebates are estimated based upon initial commitments and anticipated purchase levels with applicable vendors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        we do not believe there is a significant collectability risk related to vendor funding amounts due to us at the end of fiscal 2019.
if a 10% reserve had been applied against our outstanding vendor funding due as of december 28, 2019, net income would have been affected by approximately $2.2 million in fiscal 2019.
although it is unlikely that there will be any significant reduction in historical levels of vendor funding, if such a reduction were to occur in future periods, the company could experience a higher inventory balance and higher cost of sales.
freight we incur various types of transportation and delivery costs in connection with inventory purchases and distribution. such costs are included as a component of the overall cost of inventories (on an aggregate basis) and recognized as a component of cost of merchandise sold as the related inventory is sold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         we allocate freight as a component of total cost of sales without regard to inventory mix or unique freight burden of certain categories. this assumption has been consistently applied for all years presented.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our capitalized freight balance or freight allocation in the financial periods presented.
if a 10% increase or decrease had been applied against our current inventory capitalized freight balance as of december 28, 2019, net income would have been affected by approximately $10.4 million in fiscal 2019.
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effect if actual results differ from assumptions self-insurance reserves:
we self-insure a significant portion of our workers' compensation insurance and general liability (including product liability) insurance plans. we have stop-loss insurance policies to protect from individual losses over specified dollar values.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the full extent of certain workers' compensation and general liability claims may not become fully determined for several years.                                                                                                                                                                                                          we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our self-insurance reserves in the financial periods presented.
provisions for losses related to our self-insured liabilities are based upon periodic independent actuarially determined estimates that consider a number of factors including historical claims experience, loss development factors, and severity factors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            our self-insured liabilities contain uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not reported as of the balance sheet date based upon historical data and experience, including actuarial calculations.        we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the assumptions we use to calculate insurance reserves. however, if we experience a significant increase in the number of claims or the cost associated with these claims, we may be exposed to losses that could be material.
a 10% change in our self-insurance reserves as of december 28, 2019, would have affected net income by approximately $5.0 million in fiscal 2019.
impairment of long-lived assets:
long-lived assets, including lease assets, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values.                                                                                                                                                     we have not made any material changes in our impairment loss assessment methodology in the financial periods presented, other than to include operating lease right-of-use assets in our ongoing impairment assessment upon adoption of the new lease accounting standard in fiscal 2019.
when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset or asset group to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. the significant assumptions used to determine estimated undiscounted cash flows include cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations, including margin on net sales, payroll and related items, occupancy costs, insurance allocations, and other costs to operate a store.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses. none of these estimates and assumptions are significantly sensitive, and a 10% change in any of these estimates would not have a material impact on our analysis. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to losses that could be material.
if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the related asset, we calculate an impairment loss. the impairment loss calculation compares the carrying value of the related asset or asset group to its estimated fair value, which may be based on an estimated future cash flow model, market valuation, or other valuation technique, as appropriate. we recognize an impairment loss if the amount of the asset's carrying value exceeds the asset's estimated fair value. if we recognize an impairment loss, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. for a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining estimated useful life of that asset.
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             effect if actual results differ from assumptions impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets:
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our impairment loss calculation contains uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to qualitative factors as well as estimate future cash flows and asset fair values, including forecasting projected financial information and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows.        the valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to non-cash impairment losses that could be material.
in accordance with the accounting standards, an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if after such assessment an entity concludes that the asset is not impaired, then the entity is not required to take further action. however, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine the fair value of the asset using a quantitative impairment test, and if impaired, the associated assets must be written down to fair value.
the quantitative impairment test for goodwill compares the fair value of a reporting unit with the carrying value of its net assets, including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge would be recorded to the company's operations, for the amount in which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. we determine fair values for each reporting unit using the market approach, when available and appropriate, the income approach, or a combination of both. the income approach involves forecasting projected financial information (such as revenue growth rates, profit margins, tax rates, and capital expenditures) and selecting a discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in estimated future cash flows. under the market approach, the fair value is based on observed market data. if multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately.
the quantitative impairment test for other indefinite-lived intangible assets involves comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the sum of the discounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if the implied fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge would be recorded to the company's operations.
index quarterly financial data our unaudited quarterly operating results for each fiscal quarter of 2019 and 2018 are shown below (in thousands, except per share amounts):
first                  second quarter                   third quarter                  fourth quarter                          total quarter
2019                                                        (13 weeks)                      (13 weeks)                      (13 weeks)                      (13 weeks)                     (52 weeks)
net sales                                             $1,822,220                     $2,353,782                      $1,984,144                      $2,191,785                      $8,351,931
gross profit                                             614,984                        820,745                         694,240                         741,801                       2,871,770
operating income                                         103,408                        287,557                         161,817                         190,438                         743,220
net income                                                76,832                        219,210                         122,133                         144,179                         562,354
net income per share:
basic                                                      $0.63                          $1.82                           $1.03                           $1.22                           $4.70
diluted                                                    $0.63                          $1.80                           $1.02                           $1.21                           $4.66
comparable store sales increase (a)       5.0                        %                      3.2      %                      2.9      %                      0.1      %                      2.7     %
first                         second                          third                         fourth                          total quarter                        quarter                        quarter                        quarter
2018                                                        (13 weeks)                     (13 weeks)                     (13 weeks)                     (13 weeks)                     (52 weeks)
net sales                                             $1,682,901                     $2,213,249                     $1,881,625                     $2,133,271                     $7,911,046
gross profit                                             563,649                        769,414                        653,132                        716,333                      2,702,528
operating income                                          94,749                        273,458                        153,148                        180,382                        701,737
net income                                                71,433                        207,289                        116,784                        136,851                        532,357
net income per share:
basic                                                      $0.57                          $1.70                          $0.96                          $1.12                          $4.34
diluted                                                    $0.57                          $1.69                          $0.95                          $1.11                          $4.31
comparable store sales increase (a)       3.7                        %                      5.6     %                      5.1     %                      5.7     %                      5.1     %
(a) comparable store metrics are calculated using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales, excluding certain adjustments to net sales. closed stores are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during the periods being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics. if the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics becomes material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations.
index results of operations the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in the consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of net sales.
fiscal year
2019                                                                                      2018                    2017
net sales                                                   100.00   %              100.00   %              100.00   %
cost of merchandise sold (a)                                 65.62                   65.84                   65.66
gross margin (a)                                             34.38                   34.16                   34.34
selling, general and administrative expenses (a)             23.14                   23.05                   22.60
depreciation and amortization                                 2.34                    2.24                    2.28
operating income                                              8.90                    8.87                    9.46
interest expense, net                                         0.24                    0.23                    0.19
income before income taxes                                    8.66                    8.64                    9.27
income tax expense                                            1.93                    1.91                    3.45
net income                                                    6.73   %                6.73   %                5.82   %
(a) our gross margin amounts may not be comparable to those of other retailers since some retailers include all of the costs related to their distribution facility network in cost of merchandise sold and others (like our company) exclude a portion of these distribution facility network costs from gross margin and instead include them in selling, general, and administrative expenses; refer to note 1 - significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included in item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
net sales increased 5.6% to $8.35 billion in fiscal 2019 from $7.91 billion in fiscal 2018. comparable store sales for fiscal 2019 were $8.13 billion, a 2.7% increase over fiscal 2018. this compares to a 5.1% comparable store sales increase in the prior year. the comparable store average ticket increased 2.4% and comparable store transaction count increased 0.3% for fiscal 2019, as compared to an increase of 2.8% and 2.2% in fiscal 2018, respectively.
comparable store metrics are calculated on an annual basis using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales, excluding certain adjustments to net sales. stores closed during the year are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during the years being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics. if the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics becomes material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations.
all geographic regions of the company had positive comparable store sales growth. the growth in comparable store sales was led by strength in everyday merchandise, including consumable, usable, and edible ("c.u.e.") products throughout the year as well as growth in seasonal merchandise categories. the growth in seasonal merchandise was driven from solid demand throughout the first three fiscal quarters of the year; however, the fourth fiscal quarter experienced weakness in sales of cold-weather seasonal and holiday discretionary products primarily as a result of unseasonably warm weather across much of the country and six fewer selling days between thanksgiving and christmas compared to last year.
in addition to comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2019, sales from stores opened less than one year were $237.6 million in fiscal 2019, which represented 3.0 percentage points of the 5.6% increase over fiscal 2018 net sales. sales from stores opened less than one year were $300.5 million in fiscal 2018, which represented 4.1 percentage points of the 9.0% increase over fiscal 2017 net sales.
index the following table summarizes our store growth during fiscal 2019 and 2018:
fiscal year store count information:                         2019                     2018
tractor supply beginning of period                         1,765                     1,685
new stores opened                              80                        80
stores closed                                 (1)                         -
end of period                               1,844                     1,765
petsense beginning of period                           175                       168
new stores opened                               8                        18
stores closed                                 (3)                      (11)
end of period                                 180                       175
consolidated end of period                  2,024                     1,940
stores relocated                                2                         4
the following table indicates the percentage of net sales represented by each of our major product categories during fiscal 2019 and 2018:
percent of net sales fiscal year product category:                                       2019                          2018
livestock and pet                                    47    %                       47    %
hardware, tools and truck                            21                            22
seasonal, gift and toy products                      20                            19
clothing and footwear                                 8                             8
agriculture                                           4                             4
total                                               100    %                      100    %
gross profit increased 6.3% to $2.87 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to $2.70 billion in fiscal 2018.  as a percent of net sales, gross margin increased 22 basis points to 34.38% for fiscal 2019 compared to 34.16% for fiscal 2018. the increase in gross margin resulted primarily from strength in the company's price management program and, to a lesser extent, improvements in freight expense as a percent of net sales in the second half of the year.
total selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses, including depreciation and amortization, increased 6.4% to $2.13 billion in fiscal 2019 from $2.00 billion in fiscal 2018.  sg&a expenses, as a percent of net sales, increased 19 basis points to 25.48% in fiscal 2019 from 25.29% in fiscal 2018.  sg&a expenses increased as a percentage of net sales due principally to incremental costs associated with a new distribution facility in frankfort, new york, and, to a lesser extent, investment in store team member wages. these sg&a increases were partially offset by lower year-over-year incentive compensation as a percent of net sales, as well as leverage in occupancy and other costs from the increase in comparable store sales. sg&a expenses were also negatively impacted in fiscal 2019 by approximately $2.9 million related to an executive transition agreement.
our effective income tax rate increased to 22.3% for fiscal 2019 compared to 22.1% in fiscal 2018. the primary cause of the increase in the company's effective income tax rate was a reduction in state investment credits.
net income in fiscal 2019 was $562.4 million, or $4.66 per diluted share, compared to $532.4 million, or $4.31 per diluted share, in fiscal 2018. excluding the after-tax impact of an executive transition agreement in fiscal 2019 of approximately $2.3 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, adjusted net income for fiscal 2019 was $564.7 million, or $4.68 per diluted share. adjusted net income is a non-gaap measure which has been provided in order to enhance comparability for the periods presented.
during fiscal 2019, we repurchased approximately 5.4 million shares of the company's common stock at a total cost of $533.3 million as part of our share repurchase program.  in fiscal 2018, we repurchased approximately 5.0 million shares at a total cost of $349.8 million.
index fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
net sales increased 9.0% to $7.91 billion in fiscal 2018 from $7.26 billion in fiscal 2017. comparable store sales for fiscal 2018 were $7.63 billion, a 5.1% increase over fiscal 2017. this compares to a 2.7% comparable store sales increase in the prior year. the comparable store transaction count increased 2.2% and comparable store average ticket increased 2.8% for fiscal 2018, as compared to an increase of 2.2% and 0.5% in fiscal 2018, respectively.
comparable store metrics are calculated on an annual basis using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales, excluding certain adjustments to net sales. stores closed during the year are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during the years being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics. if the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics becomes material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations. acquired petsense stores are considered comparable beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.
the comparable store sales increase was broad-based across all merchandise categories and all geographic regions. the growth in comparable store sales was led by strength in everyday merchandise, including c.u.e. products, along with strong demand for seasonal merchandise in each quarter of the year.
in addition to comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2018, sales from stores opened less than one year were $300.5 million in fiscal 2018, which represented 4.1 percentage points of the 9.0% increase over fiscal 2017 net sales. sales from stores opened less than one year, including acquired petsense stores, were $405.0 million in fiscal 2017, which represented 6.0 percentage points of the 7.0% increase over fiscal 2016 net sales.
the following table summarizes our store growth during fiscal 2018 and 2017:
fiscal year store count information:                         2018                     2017
tractor supply beginning of period                         1,685                     1,595
new stores opened                              80                       101
stores closed                                   -                      (11)
end of period                               1,765                     1,685
petsense beginning of period                           168                       143
new stores opened                              18                        25
stores closed                                (11)                         -
end of period                                 175                       168
consolidated end of period                  1,940                     1,853
stores relocated                                4                         3
the following table indicates the percentage of net sales represented by each of our major product categories during fiscal 2018 and 2017:
percent of net sales fiscal year product category:                                       2018                          2017
livestock and pet                                    47    %                       47    %
hardware, tools and truck                            22                            22
seasonal, gift and toy products                      19                            19
clothing and footwear                                 8                             8
agriculture                                           4                             4
total                                               100    %                      100    %
index gross profit increased 8.4% to $2.70 billion in fiscal 2018 compared to $2.49 billion in fiscal 2017.  as a percent of net sales, gross margin decreased 18 basis points to 34.16% for fiscal 2018 compared to 34.34% for fiscal 2017. the decline in gross margin resulted primarily from an increase in freight expense driven by higher carrier rates and increased diesel fuel prices as well as a negative impact from a mix shift of products sold during the fourth quarter, partially offset by strength in the company's price management program and strong sell through of seasonal merchandise throughout the year.
total sg&a expenses, including depreciation and amortization, increased 10.8% to $2.00 billion in fiscal 2018 from $1.81 billion in fiscal 2017.  sg&a expenses, as a percent of net sales, increased 41 basis points to 25.29% in fiscal 2018 from 24.88% in fiscal 2017.  sg&a expenses increased as a percentage of net sales due principally to higher incentive compensation from the strong year-over-year growth in comparable store sales, along with planned investments in infrastructure, technology, and team member wages at both the stores and distribution centers, to support the company's long-term strategic growth initiatives. these sg&a increases as a percent of net sales were partially offset by leverage in occupancy and other costs from the increase in comparable store sales.
our effective income tax rate decreased to 22.1% for fiscal 2018 compared to 37.2% in fiscal 2017. the decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily related to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") that was signed into law in december 2017 which made broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code including, but not limited to, a reduction of the federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% for years beginning after december 31, 2017. to a lesser extent, the effective income tax rate in fiscal 2018 also incrementally benefited from state investment credits and share-based compensation. the tax legislation also increased the effective income tax rate in fiscal 2017 due to the revaluation of the company's existing deferred tax balances at the lower federal income tax rate.
net income in fiscal 2018 was $532.4 million, or $4.31 per diluted share, compared to $422.6 million, or $3.30 per diluted share, in fiscal 2017. excluding the impact of the revaluation of the company's net deferred tax asset in fiscal 2017 resulting in a one-time, non-cash charge of approximately $4.9 million, or $0.03 per diluted share, adjusted net income for fiscal 2017 was $427.5 million, or $3.33 per diluted share. adjusted net income is a non-gaap measure which has been provided in order to enhance comparability for the periods presented.
during fiscal 2018, we repurchased approximately 5.0 million shares of the company's common stock at a total cost of $349.8 million as part of our share repurchase program.  in fiscal 2017, we repurchased approximately 5.9 million shares at a total cost of $369.4 million.
liquidity and capital resources in addition to normal operating expenses, our primary ongoing cash requirements are for new store expansion, remodeling and relocation programs, distribution facility capacity and improvements, information technology, inventory purchases, repayment of existing borrowings under our debt facilities, share repurchases, cash dividends, and selective acquisitions as opportunities arise.
our primary ongoing sources of liquidity are existing cash balances, cash provided from operations, remaining funds available under our debt facilities, operating and finance leases, and normal trade credit.  our inventory and accounts payable levels typically build in the first and third fiscal quarters to support the higher sales volume of the spring and cold-weather selling seasons, respectively.
we believe that our existing cash balances, expected cash flow from future operations, funds available under our debt facilities, operating and finance leases, and normal trade credit will be sufficient to fund our operations and our capital expenditure needs, including new store openings, store acquisitions, relocations and renovations, and distribution facility capacity, through the end of fiscal 2020.
index working capital at december 28, 2019, the company had working capital of $540.3 million, which decreased $316.0 million from 2018.  the shifts in working capital were attributable to changes in the following components of current assets and current liabilities (in millions):
december 28, 2019                   december 29, 2018                       variance current assets:
cash and cash equivalents                                     $84.2                               $86.3                            $(2.1)
inventories                                                 1,602.8                             1,589.5                              13.3
prepaid expenses and other current assets                     100.9                               114.5                            (13.6)
income taxes receivable                                           -                                 4.1                             (4.1)
total current assets                                        1,787.9                             1,794.4                             (6.5)
current liabilities:
accounts payable                                              643.0                               620.0                              23.0
accrued employee compensation                                  39.8                                54.0                            (14.2)
other accrued expenses                                        247.7                               232.4                              15.3
current portion of long-term debt                              30.0                                26.3                               3.7
current portion of finance lease obligations                    4.0                                 3.6                               0.4
current portion of operating lease obligations                277.1                                   -                             277.1
income taxes payable                                            6.0                                 1.8                               4.2
total current liabilities                                   1,247.6                               938.1                             309.5
working capital                                              $540.3                              $856.3                          $(316.0)
in comparison to december 29, 2018, working capital as of december 28, 2019 was impacted most significantly by the change in operating lease liabilities due to the adoption of the new lease accounting standard under asc 842. no other changes in our working capital were significant as increases in inventory for new store growth were offset by a slight reduction in average inventory per store.
debt the following table summarizes the company's outstanding debt as of the dates indicated (in millions):
december 28,                     december 29,
2019                             2018
senior notes                                                     $150.0                           $150.0
senior credit facility:
february 2016 term loan                                           145.0                            165.0
june 2017 term loan                                                87.5                             93.8
revolving credit loans                                             15.0                                -
total outstanding borrowings                                      397.5                            408.8
less: unamortized debt issuance costs                             (1.0)                            (1.4)
total debt                                                        396.5                            407.4
less: current portion of long-term debt                          (30.0)                           (26.3)
long-term debt                                                   $366.5                           $381.1
outstanding letters of credit                                     $32.0                            $33.5
for additional information about the company's debt and credit facilities, refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. as further described in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has entered into interest rate swap agreements in order to hedge our exposure to variable rate interest payments associated with each of the term loans under the senior credit facility.
index sources and uses of cash our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operations and funds available under our debt facilities.  principal uses of cash for investing activities are capital expenditures while principal uses of cash for financing activities are repurchase of the company's common stock and cash dividends paid to stockholders.
the following table presents a summary of cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing, and financing activities for fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017 (in millions):
fiscal year
2019                                                                          2018                       2017
(52 weeks)                 (52 weeks)                 (52 weeks)
net cash provided by operating activities                      $811.7                     $694.4                     $631.5
net cash used in investing activities                         (215.0)                    (276.3)                    (238.0)
net cash used in financing activities                         (598.8)                    (440.9)                    (338.3)
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents           $(2.1)                    $(22.8)                      $55.2
operating activities operating activities provided net cash of $811.7 million, $694.4 million, and $631.5 million in fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. the $117.3 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2019, compared to fiscal 2018, was due to changes in the following (in millions):
fiscal year                                variance
2019                                                                                     2018
(52 weeks)                    (52 weeks)
net income                                         $562.4                        $532.4                         $30.0
depreciation and amortization                       196.0                         177.4                          18.6
share-based compensation expense                     31.1                          28.9                           2.2
deferred income taxes                                 6.8                          11.9                         (5.1)
inventories and accounts payable                      9.8                        (92.9)                         102.7
prepaid expenses and other current assets            13.6                        (26.2)                          39.8
accrued expenses                                    (3.9)                          58.8                        (62.7)
income taxes                                          8.3                         (8.4)                          16.7
other, net                                         (12.4)                          12.5                        (24.9)
net cash provided by operating activities          $811.7                        $694.4                        $117.3
the $117.3 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2019, compared to fiscal 2018, is primarily driven by the fluctuation in our inventory, net of accounts payable, as a result of a slight decrease in our average inventory per store based on selling trends year-over-year. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was also affected to a lesser extent by incremental profitability from company growth and the net impact of changes in our operating assets and liabilities which fluctuated due primarily to the timing of payments.
index the $62.9 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2018, as compared to fiscal 2017, was due to changes in the following (in millions):
fiscal year                             variance
2018                                                                                     2017
(52 weeks)                    (52 weeks)
net income                                         $532.4                        $422.6                     $109.8
depreciation and amortization                       177.4                         165.8                       11.6
share-based compensation expense                     28.9                          29.2                      (0.3)
deferred income taxes                                11.9                          26.7                     (14.8)
inventories and accounts payable                   (92.9)                        (26.5)                     (66.4)
prepaid expenses and other current assets          (26.2)                           2.3                     (28.5)
accrued expenses                                     58.8                         (3.9)                       62.7
income taxes                                        (8.4)                           4.2                     (12.6)
other, net                                           12.5                          11.1                        1.4
net cash provided by operating activities          $694.4                        $631.5                      $62.9
the $62.9 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2018, compared with fiscal 2017, primarily reflects incremental profitability, partially offset by the increase in inventory, net of accounts payable, to support new store growth and the net impact of changes in our operating assets and liabilities which fluctuated due primarily to new store growth and the timing of payments.
investing activities investing activities used cash of $215.0 million, $276.3 million, and $238.0 million in fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.  cash flows from investing activities in the years presented are primarily composed of capital expenditures. capital expenditures for fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017 were as follows (in millions):
fiscal year
2019                                                                                           2018                       2017
(52 weeks)                 (52 weeks)                 (52 weeks)
information technology                                       $89.3                      $86.7                      $82.1
new and relocated stores and stores not yet opened            59.3                       68.0                       79.3
existing stores                                               45.5                       41.5                       43.0
distribution center capacity and improvements                 19.7                       82.0                       45.8
corporate and other                                            3.7                        0.3                        0.2
total capital expenditures                                  $217.5                     $278.5                     $250.4
the sustained levels of spending on information technology represents continued support of our store growth and our omni-channel initiatives, as well as improvements in security and compliance, enhancements to our customer relationship management program, and other strategic initiatives.
the above table reflects an investment in 80 new tractor supply stores, eight new petsense stores, and two store relocations during fiscal 2019. in fiscal 2018, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores, 18 new petsense stores, and had four store relocations. in fiscal 2017, we opened 101 new tractor supply stores and 25 petsense stores and had three store relocations.  spending on existing stores principally reflects routine refresh activity.
spending for distribution center capacity and improvements decreased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 and 2017 related to the completion of construction of the new northeast distribution center in frankfort, new york, and the expansion of our distribution center in waverly, nebraska. the new northeast distribution center in frankfort, new york was completed and began shipping merchandise to our stores in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. the expansion of the waverly, nebraska distribution center was completed during fiscal 2018.
index our projected capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 principally include a plan to open approximately 80 new tractor supply stores and 10 to 15 new petsense stores, continued improvements in technology and infrastructure at our existing stores, and ongoing investments to enhance our digital and omni-channel capabilities to better serve our customers.
financing activities financing activities used cash of $598.8 million, $440.9 million, and $338.3 million in fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. the $157.9 million increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2019, compared to fiscal 2018, was due to changes in the following (in millions):
fiscal year
2019                                                                                                     2018                    variance
(52 weeks)                      (52 weeks)
net borrowings and repayments under debt facilities             $(11.3)                         $(18.8)                         $7.5
repurchase of common stock                                      (533.3)                         (349.8)                      (183.5)
net proceeds from issuance of common stock                        116.0                            79.6         36.4
cash dividends paid to stockholders                             (162.7)                         (147.1)                       (15.6)
other, net                                                        (7.5)                           (4.8)                        (2.7)
net cash used in financing activities                          $(598.8)                        $(440.9)                     $(157.9)
the increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2019, compared to fiscal 2018, principally reflects an increase in repurchases of common stock and, to a lesser extent, increased quarterly cash dividends, partially offset by an increase in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock associated with the exercise of share-based compensation awards.
the $102.6 million increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2018, compared to fiscal 2017, was due to changes in the following (in millions):
fiscal year
2018                                                                                                     2017                    variance
(52 weeks)                      (52 weeks)
net borrowings and repayments under debt facilities             $(18.8)                          $152.5                     $(171.3)
repurchase of common stock                                      (349.8)                         (369.4)                         19.6
net proceeds from issuance of common stock                         79.6                            16.3                         63.3
cash dividends paid to stockholders                             (147.1)                         (133.8)                       (13.3)
other, net                                                        (4.8)                           (3.9)                        (0.9)
net cash used in financing activities                          $(440.9)                        $(338.3)                     $(102.6)
the increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2018, as compared to fiscal 2017, is largely due to a decrease in borrowings, net of repayments, under our debt facilities, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from the issuance of common stock associated with the exercise of share-based compensation awards.
repurchase of common stock the company's board of directors has authorized common stock repurchases under a share repurchase program of up to $4.5 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses related to such repurchases. the repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. the timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the program will depend on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, capital availability, and other market conditions. repurchased shares are accounted for at cost and will be held in treasury for future issuance. the program may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice.
we repurchased approximately 5.4 million, 5.0 million, and 5.9 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase program at a total cost of $533.3 million, $349.8 million, and $369.4 million in fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.  as of december 28, 2019, the company had remaining authorization under the share repurchase program of $1.49 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions, or other expenses.
index cash dividends paid to stockholders we paid cash dividends totaling $162.7 million, $147.1 million, and $133.8 million in fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. in fiscal 2019, we declared and paid cash dividends to stockholders of $1.36 per common share outstanding as compared to $1.20 and $1.05 per common share outstanding in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, respectively. these payments reflect an increase in the quarterly dividend in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 to $0.35 per share from $0.31 per share and an increase in the quarterly dividend in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 from $0.27 per share.
it is the present intention of the company's board of directors to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend; however, the declaration and payment of future dividends will be determined by the company's board of directors in its sole discretion and will depend upon the earnings, financial condition, and capital needs of the company, along with any other factors which the company's board of directors deem relevant.
significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table reflects our future obligations and commitments as of december 28, 2019 (in thousands):
payment due by period total   2020                                       2021-2022                    2023-2024                     thereafter operating leases (a) (b)            $2,786,223                   $369,079                  $677,435                     $570,038                     $1,169,671
finance leases (b)                      44,638                      5,663                    10,324                        6,833                         21,818
long-term debt (c)                     461,162                     55,421                   218,957                       11,100                        175,684
$3,292,023                   $430,163                  $906,716                     $587,971                     $1,367,173
(a) operating lease payments exclude $212.8 million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed, but not yet commenced.
(b) operating and finance lease obligations both include related interest.
(c) long-term debt obligations include an estimate of related interest after consideration of the interest rate swap agreements. see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our interest rates.
at december 28, 2019, there were $32.0 million outstanding letters of credit under the 2016 senior credit facility.
off-balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements are limited to lease agreements signed but not yet commenced and outstanding letters of credit.  the balances for these arrangements are previously discussed.  letters of credit allow us to purchase inventory, primarily sourced overseas, in a timely manner and support certain risk management programs.
new accounting pronouncements the company adopted new lease accounting guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 which had a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets and related disclosures. for additional information, including the required disclosures, related to the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance, see note 1, note 6, and note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 28, 2019.
index
