item 1a.    risk factors our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. because of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other factors affecting our operating results and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance and our business and financial performance could be harmed and the market value of our securities could decline.
risks relating to our business we are dependent on the future success of our grand theft auto products and we must continue to publish "hit" titles or sequels to such "hit" titles in order to compete successfully in our industry.
grand theft auto and certain of our other titles, such as red dead redemption or nba 2k, are "hit" products and have historically accounted for a substantial portion of our revenue. grand theft auto products contributed 23.0% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, and the five best-selling franchises (including grand theft auto), which may change year over year, in the aggregate accounted for 87.4% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020. if we fail to continue to develop and sell new commercially successful "hit" titles or sequels to such "hit" titles or experience any delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of our "hit" titles or their sequels, our revenue and profits may decrease substantially and we may incur losses. in addition, competition in our industry is intense and a relatively small number of hit titles account for a large portion of total revenue in our industry. hit products offered by our competitors may take a larger share of consumer spending than we anticipate, which could cause revenue generated from our products to fall below our expectations. if our competitors develop more successful products or services at lower price points or based on payment models perceived as offering better value, or if we do not continue to develop consistently high quality and well-received products and services, our revenue and profitability may decline. in addition, both the online and mobile games marketplaces are characterized by frequent product introductions, relatively low barriers to entry, and new and evolving business methods, technologies and platforms for development. widespread consumer adoption of these new platforms for games and other technological advances in and/or new business or payment models in online or mobile game offerings could negatively affect our sales of console and traditional pc products before we have an opportunity to develop profitable businesses in such markets.
our results of operations may be materially adversely impacted by the coronavirus pandemic (covid-19).
our results of operations may be materially adversely affected by covid-19. the global spread of covid-19 has created significant uncertainty, resulting in volatility and economic disruption. the extent to which covid-19 has an impact on our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals' actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; economic activity and related actions taken in response to the pandemic; the effect on consumer demand for our products and the discretionary spending patterns of our customers, including the ability of our customers to pay for our products; our ability to develop, market, and sell our products, including as a result of travel restrictions and people working from home; the impact on the operations of our counterparties, including the physical retail, digital download online platforms, and cloud streaming services we rely on for the distribution of our products, the suppliers who manufacture our physical products, and other third parties with which we partner (e.g. to market or ship our products); any closures of our, our customers', and counterparties' offices and facilities; additional volatility in exchange rates; the impact of potential inflation; and the impact of reductions in interest rates by the federal reserve and other central banks, including on our short-term investment portfolio.
further, "shelter-in-place," quarantine, or other such initiatives by governmental entities could also disrupt our operations. in such situations, if employees or third-party developers who cannot optimally perform their responsibilities from home are not able to or are unwilling to report to work, we may experience material interruptions in product development and delays in bringing products to market. such circumstances may also impact the effectiveness of the company's quality controls and game testing measures. an increase in the number of employees working remotely also increases the potential adverse impact of risk associated with information technology systems and networks, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malicious software, security breach, and telecommunication failures, both for systems and networks we control directly and for those that employees and third-party developers rely on to work remotely. any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or cyber risks or detect, or respond adequately to, a security breach or cyber risk, or any other disruptions to our information technology systems and networks, can have adverse effects on our business. the spread of covid-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. further, key personnel could contract covid-19 hindering their availability and productivity.
additionally, sports organizations' operations and seasons may be altered or even canceled based on the response to covid-19. such events could affect the demand for our sports titles.
while we have developed and continue to develop plans to help mitigate the negative impact of the outbreak on our business, these efforts may not be effective, and a protracted economic downturn may limit the effectiveness of our mitigation efforts. any of these considerations described above could cause or contribute to the risks described elsewhere herein and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or stock price.
we are subject to product development risks which could result in delays and additional costs, and we must adapt to changes in software technologies.
we depend on our internal development studios and third-party software developers to develop new interactive entertainment software within anticipated release schedules and cost projections. the development cycle for new titles generally ranges from 12 months for annual sports releases, to multiple years for certain of our top-selling titles. therefore, our development costs can be substantial. if we or our third-party developers experience unanticipated development delays, financial difficulties, or additional costs, for example as a result of the coronavirus pandemic (covid-19), we may not be able to release titles according to our schedule and at budgeted costs. there can be no assurance that our products will be sufficiently successful so that we can recoup these costs or make a profit on these products.
additionally, in order to stay competitive, our internal development studios must anticipate and adapt to rapid technological changes affecting software development, such as cloud-based game streaming. any inability to respond to technological advances and implement new technologies could render our products obsolete or less marketable. further, the failure to pursue the development of new technology, platforms, or business models that obtain meaningful commercial success in a timely manner may negatively affect our business, resulting in increased production or development costs and more strenuous competition.
the inability of our products to achieve significant market acceptance, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of our products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
new products may not achieve significant market acceptance, generate sufficient sales, or be introduced in a timely manner to permit us to recover development, manufacturing and marketing costs associated with these products. the life cycle of a title generally involves a relatively high level of sales during the first few months after introduction followed by a rapid decline in sales. because sales associated with an initial product launch generally constitute a high percentage of the total sales associated with the life of a product, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of one or more new products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results and therefore cause our operating results to be materially different from our expectations.
our business is subject to our ability to develop commercially successful products for the current video game platforms.
we derive most of our revenue from the sale of products made for video game platforms manufactured by third parties, such as sony's ps4 and microsoft's xbox one, which comprised 74.7% of our net revenue by product platform for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020. the success of our business is subject to the continued popularity of these platforms and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these platforms.
in 2020, we expect sony and microsoft to launch their respective next generation consoles, although covid-19 or other events may impact the timing of release and availability of these new consoles. when next generation consoles are announced or introduced into the market, consumers have typically reduced their purchases of products for prior-generation consoles in anticipation of purchasing a next-generation console and products for that console. during these periods, sales of the products we publish may decline until new platforms achieve wide consumer acceptance. console transitions may have a comparable impact on sales of downloadable content, amplifying the impact on our revenues. this decline may not be offset by increased sales of products for the next-generation consoles. in addition, as console hardware moves through its life cycle, hardware manufacturers typically enact price reductions, and decreasing prices may put downward pressure on software prices. during console transitions, we may simultaneously incur costs both in continuing to develop and market new titles for prior-generation video game platforms, which may not sell at premium prices, and also in developing products for next-generation platforms, which may not generate immediate or near-term revenues. as a result, our business and operating results may be more volatile and difficult to predict during console transitions than during other times.
we may experience declines or fluctuations in the recurring portion of our business.
our business model includes revenue that we expect to be recurring in nature, such as revenue from our annualized titles and associated services, and ongoing mobile businesses. while we have been able to forecast the revenue from these areas of our business with greater certainty than for new offerings, we cannot provide assurances that consumers will purchase these games and services on a consistent basis. furthermore, we may cease to offer games and services that we previously had deemed to be recurring in nature. consumer purchases of our games and services may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our games and services, our ability to improve and innovate our annualized titles, our ability to adapt our games and services to new platforms, outages and disruptions of online services, the games and services offered by our competitors, our marketing and advertising efforts or declines in consumer activity generally as a result of economic downturns, for example as a result of covid-19, among others. any decline or fluctuation in this portion of our business may have a negative impact on our financial and operating results.
connectivity issues could affect our ability to sell and provide online services for our products and could affect our profitability.
we rely upon third-party digital delivery platforms, such as microsoft's xbox live, playstation network, steam, epic, and other third-party service providers, to provide connectivity from the consumer to our digital products and our online services. connectivity issues could prevent customers from accessing this content and our ability to successfully market and sell our products could be adversely affected. given the increasing global usage of online platforms as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, the risks of connectivity issues may be heightened. in addition, we could experience similar issues related to services we host on our internal servers. such issues also could affect our ability to provide game-related services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we rely on complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. any significant system or network disruption could have a negative impact on our business.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within take-two and some of which are managed and/or hosted by third-party providers. all information technology systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malicious software, security breach, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. we may also face sophisticated attacks, referred to as advanced persistent threats, which are cyber-attacks aimed at compromising our intellectual property and other commercially-sensitive information, such as the source code and game assets for our software or confidential customer or employee information, which remain undetected for prolonged periods of time. information technology system, network failures, or security breaches could negatively affect our business continuity, operations and financial results. these risks extend to the networks and e-commerce sites of console platform providers and other partners who sell or host our content online. the risk of such threats may be heightened as a result of an extended period of remote work arrangements due to covid-19. along with our partners, we have expended, and expect to continue to expend, financial and operational resources to implement certain systems, processes and technologies to guard against cyber risks and to help protect our data and systems. however, the techniques used to exploit, disable, damage, disrupt or gain access to our networks, our products and services, supporting technological infrastructure, intellectual property and other assets change frequently, continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and often are not detected for long periods of time. our systems, processes and technologies, and the systems, processes and technologies of our business partners or our third-party service providers, may not be adequate against all eventualities. in addition, the costs to respond to, mitigate, and/or notify affected parties of cyber-attacks and other security vulnerabilities are significant. any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or cyber risks, or detect or respond adequately to a security breach or cyber risk, could result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interruptions to our products and services, cause us to incur significant remediation and notification costs, degrade the user experience, cause consumers to lose confidence in our products and services and significant legal and financial costs. additionally, applicable insurance policies may be insufficient to reimburse the company for all such losses, and it is uncertain whether we will be able to maintain the current level of insurance coverage in the future on reasonable terms or at all.
successful exploitation of our systems can have other negative effects upon the products, services and user experience we offer. in particular, the virtual economies that we have established in many of our games are subject to abuse, exploitation and other forms of fraudulent activity that can negatively affect our business. virtual economies involve the use of virtual currency and/or virtual assets that can be used or redeemed by a player within a particular game or service. although we have implemented and continue to develop programs reasonably designed to prevent such negative impacts, the abuse or exploitation of our virtual economies can include the illegitimate generation and sale of virtual items in black markets. these kinds of activities and the steps that we take to address and prevent these issues may result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interfere with players' enjoyment of a balanced game environment and cause reputational harm.
our business could be adversely affected if our consumer data protection measures are not seen as adequate or there are breaches of our security measures or unintended disclosures of our consumer data.
we are collecting and storing consumer information, including personal information. we take measures to protect our consumer information from unauthorized access or disclosure. it is possible that our security controls over consumer information may not prevent the improper access or disclosure of personal information. in addition, due to the high-profile nature of our products, we may draw a disproportionately higher amount of attention and attempts to breach our security controls than companies with lower profile products. a security incident that leads to disclosure of consumer information (including personal information) could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with disparate breach notification laws in various jurisdictions and otherwise subject us to liability under laws that protect personal information, any of which could result in increased costs or loss of revenue. a resulting perception that our products or services do not adequately protect the privacy of personal information could result in a loss of current or potential consumers and business partners. in addition, if any of our business partners experience a security incident that leads to disclosure of consumer information, our reputation could be harmed, resulting in loss of revenue.
in addition, certain of our products are online enabled. the ability of our products to offer online functionality, and our ability to offer content through a video game platform's digital distribution channel, is dependent upon the continued operation and security of such platform's online network. these third party networks, as well as our own internal systems and websites, and the related security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers' information or our data-including our intellectual property and other confidential business information-or our information technology systems. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. if an actual or perceived breach of our safeguards occurs, we may lose business, suffer irreparable damage to our reputation, and/or incur significant costs and expenses relating to the investigation and possible litigation of claims relating to such event.
the laws and regulations concerning data privacy and certain other aspects of our business are continually evolving. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business.
we are subject to certain privacy and data protection laws, including those in the united states ("u.s."). certain activities related to processing the personal data of individuals in the european union ("e.u.") are conducted by our united kingdom ("u.k.")-based data controller or our local entities in the e.u. the u.s. children's online privacy protection act also regulates the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information from children under 13 years of age. failure to comply with privacy and data protection laws or age restrictions may increase our costs, subject us to expensive and distracting government investigations, and result in substantial fines, or result in lawsuits and claims against us to the extent these laws include a private right of action.
privacy and data protection laws are rapidly changing and likely will continue to do so for the foreseeable future, which could have an impact on our approach to operating and marketing our games. for example, the e.u. general data protection regulation ("gdpr") became effective on may 25, 2018, replacing data protection directive 95/46/ec. gdpr applies to us because we receive and process the personal information of individuals in the e.u., and we maintain certain local entities in the e.u. responsible for processing personal information. gdpr contains significant penalties for non-compliance. countries in the e.u. are still enacting national laws that correspond to certain portions of the gdpr. in the u.s., the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa") became effective on january 1, 2020 and applies to processing of personal information of california residents. other states, including nevada, have enacted or are considering similar privacy or data protection laws that may apply to us. the u.s. government, including the federal trade commission and the department of commerce, also continue to review the need for greater or different regulation over the collection of personal information and information about consumer behavior on the internet and on mobile devices, and the u.s. congress is considering a number of legislative proposals to regulate in this area. various government and consumer agencies worldwide have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices.
player use of our games is subject to our privacy policy, end user license agreements ("eula"), and terms of service. if we fail to comply with our posted privacy policy, eula, or terms of service, or if we fail to comply with existing privacy or data protection laws and regulations, it could result in proceedings or litigation against us by governmental authorities or others, which could result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, affect our financial condition, and harm our business. if regulators, the media, or consumers raise any concerns about our privacy and data protection or consumer protection practices, even if unfounded, this could also result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, negatively affect our financial condition, and damage our business.
it is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us in the u.s. and elsewhere that could restrict the interactive entertainment industry, including player privacy, advertising, taxation, content suitability, copyright, distribution, and antitrust. furthermore, the growth and development of electronic commerce and virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies such as ours conducting business through digital sales. any such changes would require us to devote legal and other resources to address such regulation. for example, existing laws or new laws regarding the regulation of currency, banking institutions, and unclaimed property may be interpreted to cover virtual currency or virtual goods. if that were to occur we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be subject to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could significantly increase our operating costs. changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the u.s. or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen the growth of the interactive entertainment industry and impair our business, financial condition, and operating results.
although we have structured and operate our skill tournaments with applicable laws in mind, including any applicable laws relating to gambling, and believe that playing these games does not constitute gambling, our skill tournaments could in the future become subject to gambling-related rules and regulations and expose us to civil and criminal penalties. we also sometimes offer consumers of our online and casual games various types of contests and promotional opportunities. we are subject to laws in a number of jurisdictions concerning the operation and offering of such activities and games, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. further, some of our online games and other services include random digital item mechanics, which may become subject to regulations in various jurisdictions. if these were to occur, we might be required to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other requirements, and we may be subject to additional regulation and oversight, such as reporting to regulators, all of which could significantly increase our operating costs. changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the u.s., the e.u., or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen the growth of online or casual game services and impair our business. also, existing laws or new laws regarding the marketing of in-game or in-app purchases, regulation of currency, banking institutions, unclaimed property, or money laundering may be interpreted to cover virtual currency or goods.
security breaches involving the source code for our products or other sensitive and proprietary information could adversely affect our business.
we securely store the source code for our interactive entertainment software products as it is created. a breach, whether physical, electronic or otherwise, of the systems on which such source code and other sensitive data are stored could lead to damage or piracy of our software. in addition, certain parties with whom we do business are given access to our sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support our team. these third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. if we or these third parties are subject to data security breaches, we may have a loss in sales or increased costs arising from the restoration or implementation of additional security measures which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. any theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an event could adversely affect our competitive position, reputation, brand, and future sales of our products. our business could be subject to significant disruption, and we could suffer monetary and other losses and reputational harm, in the event of such incidents and claims.
our efforts to expand into new products and services may subject us to additional risks.
in recent years, we have continued to invest in emerging opportunities in interactive entertainment played on mobile platforms, including tablets and smartphones, and online platforms, including social networks. we have also grown our product offerings that are available through digital download, including virtual currency, through our existing franchises such as grand theft auto and nba 2k, as well as through our mobile product offerings. we are actively investing to capitalize on these trends in order to diversify our product mix, reduce our operating risks, and increase our revenue. there are risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract a sufficiently large number of customers or recover costs incurred for developing and marketing any of these new products or services. for example, we may offer games that do not attract sufficient purchases of virtual currency, which may cause our investments into this product space, such as through our acquisition of social point, to fail to realize the expected benefits. external factors, such as competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also have an impact on the successful implementation of any new products or services. failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we depend on our key management and product development personnel.
our continued success will depend to a significant extent on our senior management team and our relationship with zelnickmedia corporation ("zelnickmedia"). our executive chairman/chief executive officer and president are partners of zelnickmedia. we are also highly dependent on the expertise, skills and knowledge of our key creative personnel responsible for content creation and development of our grand theft auto and other hit titles and titles based on other brands. we may not be able to continue to retain these personnel at current compensation levels, or at all.
the loss of the services of our executive officers, zelnickmedia, or certain key creative personnel could significantly harm our business. in addition, if one or more key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, we may lose additional personnel, experience material interruptions in product development, delays in bringing products to market and difficulties in our relationships with licensors, suppliers and customers, which would significantly harm our business. failure to continue to attract and retain qualified management and creative personnel could adversely affect our business and prospects.
declines in consumer spending and other adverse changes in the economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
most of our products involve discretionary spending on the part of consumers. we believe that consumer spending is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. this makes our products particularly sensitive to general economic conditions and economic cycles as consumers are generally more willing to make discretionary purchases, including purchases of products like ours, during periods in which favorable economic conditions prevail. adverse economic conditions, such as a prolonged u.s. or international general economic downturn, such as those caused by covid-19, including periods of increased inflation, unemployment levels, tax rates, interest rates, energy prices, or declining consumer confidence, could also reduce consumer spending. reduced consumer spending has and may in the future continue to result in reduced demand for our products and may also require increased selling and promotional expenses, which has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, during periods of relative economic weakness, our consolidated credit risk, reflecting our counterparty dealings with distributors, customers, capital providers and others may increase, perhaps materially so. as a result of covid-19, our counterparty credit risk may be particularly exacerbated, as certain of our counterparties may face financial difficulties in paying owed amounts on a timely basis or at all. furthermore, uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could also increase the risk of material losses on our investments, increase costs associated with developing and publishing our products, increase the cost and availability of sources of financing, and increase our exposure to material losses from bad debts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. if economic conditions worsen, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
we are particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks associated with the entertainment industry, which, in addition to general macroeconomic downturns, also include the popularity, price, and timing of our products; changes in consumer demographics; the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment and leisure; and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.
changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
we are a multinational corporation with operations in the u.s. and various other jurisdictions around the world. accordingly, we are subject to tax in the u.s. and in various other jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. we are required to estimate future taxes. although we currently believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the estimation process is inherently uncertain, and such estimates are not binding on tax authorities. further, our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including changes in the business, the mix of earnings between countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax elections, and changes in applicable tax laws. additionally, tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities, and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. should the ultimate tax liability exceed estimates, our income tax provision and net income or loss could be materially affected.
in addition, numerous countries are evaluating their existing tax laws due in part to recommendations made by the organization for economic co-operation and development's ("oecd's") base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project. although we cannot predict whether, or in what form, any legislation based on such proposals may be adopted by the countries in which we do business, future tax reform based on such proposals may increase the amount of taxes we pay and adversely affect our operating results and cash flows.
in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019, we released our valuation allowance on certain u.s. deferred tax assets as a result of a determination that it was more-likely-than-not that such deferred tax assets would be realized. we will continue to evaluate our ability to realize our u.s. deferred tax assets. if future evidence suggests that any changes are required to reflect the amount of our u.s. deferred tax asset that is more-likely-than-not to be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance as needed in the appropriate period.
on june 21, 2018, the u.s. supreme court issued its decision in south dakota v. wayfair, which overturned previous case law that precluded states from requiring retailers to collect and remit sales tax on sales made to in-state customers unless the retailer had a physical presence in the state. although this case is limited to sales tax collection obligations, we continue to monitor the potential impact of this decision on our state income tax footprint.
the ultimate amount of tax payable in a given financial statement period may be materially affected by sudden or unforeseen changes in tax laws, changes in the mix and level of earnings by taxing jurisdictions, or changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. for example, on july 27, 2015, the u.s. tax court issued an opinion in altera corp. v. commissioner, which concluded that related parties in an intercompany cost-sharing arrangement are not required to share costs related to stock-based compensation. in february 2016, the u.s. internal revenue service appealed the decision to the u.s court of appeals for the ninth circuit. on june 7, 2019, the ninth circuit reversed the 2015 decision of the u.s. tax court. as a result of this decision, we are no longer reflecting a net tax benefit within our financial statements related to the removal of stock-based compensation from our intercompany cost-sharing arrangement. the taxpayer in the case requested a rehearing before the full ninth circuit which was denied on november 12, 2019. the case remains potentially open for judicial review by the u.s. supreme court. as a result, the final outcome of the case is uncertain. in february 2020, the taxpayer petitioned the u.s. supreme court to review the ninth circuit's decision and is awaiting the supreme court's decision as to whether it will hear the case. we will continue to monitor ongoing developments and potential impacts to our financial statements.
we earn a significant amount of our operating income and continue to hold a significant portion of our cash outside the u.s. our current intention is to reinvest indefinitely earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and therefore we have not recorded any tax liabilities associated with the repatriation of foreign earnings.
the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") subjects a u.s. shareholder to current tax on gilti earned by foreign subsidiaries. the fasb staff q&a topic no. 5, accounting for global intangible low-taxed income, states that an entity can make an accounting policy election either to recognize deferred taxes for temporary differences that are expected to reverse as gilti in future years or provide for the tax expense related to gilti resulting from those items in the year the tax is incurred. we have elected to recognize the resulting tax on gilti as an expense in the period incurred.
we are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes, in both the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. we are regularly under examination by tax authorities with respect to these non-income taxes. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations, changes in our business or changes in applicable tax law or interpretations will not have an adverse effect on our net income or loss and financial condition.
our quarterly operating results are dependent on the release of "hit" titles and therefore dependent on the timing of our product releases, which may cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate significantly.
we have experienced and may continue to experience wide fluctuations in quarterly operating results. the release of a "hit" title typically leads to a high level of sales during the first few months after introduction followed by a rapid decline in sales. in addition, the interactive entertainment industry is highly seasonal, with sales typically higher during the fourth calendar quarter, due primarily to increased demand for games during the holiday season. demand for and sales of titles in our nba 2k series are also seasonal in that they are typically released just prior to the start of the nba season. if a key event or sports season to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or canceled, our sales might also suffer disproportionately. for example, the nba season, along with several other professional sports leagues, have cancelled or delayed their seasons as a result of the covid-19 outbreak. our failure or inability to produce "hit" titles or introduce products on a timely basis to meet seasonal fluctuations in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. the uncertainties associated with software development, manufacturing lead times, production delays and the approval process for products by hardware manufacturers and other licensors make it difficult to predict the quarter in which our products will ship and therefore may cause us to fail to meet financial expectations.
price protection granted to our customers and returns of our published titles by our customers may adversely affect our operating results.
we are exposed to the risk of price protection and product returns with respect to our customers. our distribution arrangements with customers generally do not give them the right to return titles to us or to cancel firm orders. however, we sometimes accept product returns from our distribution customers for stock balancing and negotiate accommodations for customers, which include credits and returns, when demand for specific products falls below expectations. we grant price protection and accept returns in connection with our publishing arrangements, and revenue is recognized after deducting estimated price protection and reserves for returns. while we believe that we can reliably estimate price protection and returns, if price protection and return rates for our products exceed our reserves, our revenue could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
increased sales of used video game products could lower our sales.
certain of our larger customers sell used video games, which are generally priced lower than new video games. if our customers increase their sales of used video games, it could negatively affect our sales of new video games and have an adverse influence on our business, financial condition and operating results.
a limited number of customers account for a significant portion of our sales. the loss of a principal customer or other significant business relationship could seriously hurt our business.
a substantial portion of our product sales are made to a limited number of customers. sales to our five largest customers during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 accounted for 71.5% of our net revenue, with sony and microsoft each accounting for more than 10.0% of our net revenue during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020. our sales are made primarily without long-term agreements or other commitments, and our customers may terminate their relationship with us at any time. certain of our customers may decline to carry products containing mature content. the loss of our relationships with principal customers or a decline in sales to principal customers, including as a result of a product being rated "ao" (age 18 and over) could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, if our customers are subject to pricing pressures due to deteriorating demand for our products, competitive pressure, or otherwise, such customers may pass those pricing pressures through to us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
in addition, because some of our customers are also publishers of games for their own hardware platforms and may manufacture products for other licensees, such customers may give priority to their own products or those of our competitors. accordingly, console manufacturers like sony or microsoft could cause unanticipated delays in the release of our products, as well as increases to projected development, manufacturing, marketing, or distribution costs, any of which could negatively impact our business.
furthermore, our customers may also be placed into bankruptcy, become insolvent, or be liquidated due to economic downturns, global contractions of credit, or for other factors. this risk has been heightened by the covid-19 pandemic. bankruptcies or consolidations of certain large retail customers could seriously hurt our business, including as a result of uncollectible accounts receivable from such customers and the concentration of purchasing power among remaining large retailers. in addition, our results of operations may be adversely affected if certain of our customers who purchase on credit terms are no longer eligible to purchase on such terms due to their financial distress or lack of credit insurance, which may reduce the quantity of products they demand from us.
if our marketing and advertising efforts fail to resonate with consumers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
our products are marketed worldwide through a diverse spectrum of promotional programs, such as social media advertising, digital and online marketing, television advertising, print advertising, retail merchandising, website development, and event sponsorship. our ability to sell our products and services is dependent in part on the success of these programs. if the marketing for our products and services fails to resonate with consumers, particularly during the holiday season or other key selling periods, or if advertising rates or other media placement costs increase, these factors could have a material adverse influence on our business, financial condition and operating results.
the interactive entertainment software industry is highly competitive.
we compete for both licenses to properties and the sale of interactive entertainment software with sony and microsoft, each of which is a large developer and marketer of software for its own platforms. we also compete with game publishers, such as activision blizzard, inc., electronic arts inc., and ubisoft entertainment s.a. as our business is dependent upon our ability to develop hit titles, which require increasing budgets for development and marketing, the availability of significant financial resources has become a major competitive factor in developing and marketing software games. some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, personnel, and other resources than we do and are able to finance larger budgets for development and marketing and make higher offers to licensors and developers for commercially desirable properties. our titles also compete with other forms of entertainment, such as social media and casual games, in addition to motion pictures, television and audio and video products featuring similar themes, online computer programs and other entertainment, which may be less expensive or provide other advantages to consumers.
a number of software publishers who compete with us have developed and commercialized or are currently developing online games. if technological advances significantly increase the availability of online games and if consumer acceptance of online gaming grows substantially, it could result in a decline in our platform-based software sales and negatively affect sales of such products.
additionally, we compete with other forms of entertainment and leisure activities. while we monitor general market conditions, significant shifts in consumer demand that could materially alter public preferences for different forms of entertainment and leisure activities are difficult to predict. failure to adequately identify and adapt to these competitive pressures could have a negative impact on our business.
increased competition for limited shelf space and promotional support from retailers could affect the success of our business and require us to incur greater expenses to market our titles.
while digital sales are increasingly important to our business, for physical sales, retailers have limited shelf space and promotional resources. competition is intense among newly introduced interactive entertainment software titles for adequate levels of shelf space and promotional support, with most and highest quality shelf space devoted to those products expected to be best sellers. we cannot be certain that our new products will consistently achieve best seller status. competition for retail shelf space is expected to continue to increase, which may require us to increase our marketing expenditures to maintain desirable sales levels of our titles. competitors with more extensive lines and more popular titles may have greater bargaining power with retailers. accordingly, we may not be able, or we may have to pay more than our competitors, to achieve similar levels of promotional support and shelf space. similarly, as digital sales increase in importance to our business, there is increasing competition for premium placements of products on websites. such placement is subject to many similar risks as physical shelf space discussed above.
the increasing importance of digital sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including greater competition.
the proportion of our revenues derived from digital content delivery, as compared to traditional retail sales, may continue to increase. the increased importance of digital content delivery in our industry, including through subscription-based access to a portfolio of interactive content, increases our potential competition, as the minimum capital needed to produce and publish a digitally delivered game is significantly less than that needed to produce and publish one that is purchased through retail distribution. this will also require us to dedicate capital to developing and implementing alternative marketing strategies, which we may not do successfully. if either occurs, we may be unable to effectively market and distribute our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, a continuing shift to digital delivery could result in a deprioritization of our products by traditional retailers. the increasing importance of digital sales to our business could also result in increasing issues with our digital distribution process, including difficulties our distributors have with collecting from consumers and any associated rebates we would owe.
our business is partly dependent on our ability to enter into successful software development arrangements with third parties.
our success depends on our ability to continually identify and develop new titles on a timely basis. we rely on third-party software developers for the development of some of our titles. quality third-party developers are continually in high demand. software developers who have developed titles for us in the past may not be available to develop software for us in the future. due to the limited availability of third-party software developers and the limited control that we exercise over them, these developers may not be able to complete titles for us on a timely basis or within acceptable quality standards, if at all. we have entered into agreements with third parties to acquire the rights to publish and distribute interactive entertainment software as well as to use licensed intellectual properties in our titles. these agreements typically require us to make development payments, pay royalties and satisfy other conditions. our development payments may not be sufficient to permit developers to develop new software successfully, which could result in material delays and significant increases in our costs to bring particular products to market. software development costs, promotion and marketing expenses and royalties payable to software developers and third-party licensors have continued to increase and reduce potential profits derived from sales of our software. future sales of our titles may not be sufficient to recover development payments and advances to software developers and licensors, and we may not have adequate financial and other resources to satisfy our contractual commitments to such developers. if we fail to satisfy our obligations under agreements with third-party developers and licensors, the agreements may be terminated or modified in ways that are burdensome to us and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we cannot publish our titles without the approval of hardware licensors that are also our competitors.
we are required to obtain licenses from certain of our competitors, including sony and microsoft, to develop and publish titles for their respective hardware platforms. our existing platform licenses require that we obtain approval for the publication of new titles on a title-by-title basis. as a result, the number of titles we are able to publish for these hardware platforms, our ability to manage the timing of the release of these titles, and, accordingly, our net revenue from titles for these hardware platforms, may be limited. if a licensor chooses not to renew or extend our license agreement at the end of its current term, or if a licensor were to terminate our license for any reason or does not approve one or more of our titles, we may be unable to publish that title as well as additional titles for that licensor's platform. during a console transition, like the one that is expected to occur in 2020, hardware platform manufacturers may seek to change the terms governing our relationships with them. termination of any such agreements or disapproval of titles could seriously hurt our business and prospects. we may be unable to continue to enter into license agreements for certain current generation platforms on satisfactory terms or at all. failure to enter into any such agreement could also seriously hurt our business.
we rely on a limited number of channel partners some of whom influence the fee structures for online distribution of our games on their platforms.
we rely on a limited number of channel partners, some of whom have retained the right to change the fee structures for online distribution of both paid content and free content (including patches and corrections) that we license to them for distribution on their platforms. such channel partners' ability to set or influence royalty rates may increase costs, which could negatively affect our operating margins. we may be unable to distribute our content in a cost-effective or profitable manner through such distribution channel, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
outside of fee arrangements, our agreements with our channel partners sometimes give them significant control over other aspects of the distribution of our products and services that we develop for their platform. if our channel partners establish terms that restrict our offerings through their channels, or significantly affect the financial terms on which these products or services are offered to our customers, we may be unable to distribute our product offerings through them or be forced to do so on a materially worse financial or business terms in negotiating such various aspects of distribution. increased competition for digital "shelf space" has put channel partners in more favorable bargaining positions in relation to such terms of distribution.
we may not be able to adequately adjust our cost structure in a timely fashion in response to a sudden decrease in demand.
in the event of a significant decline in revenue, we may not be able to dispose of facilities, reduce personnel, or make other changes to our cost structure without disruption to our operations or without significant termination and exit costs. management may not be able to implement such actions in a timely manner, if at all, to offset an immediate shortfall in revenue and profit. moreover, reducing costs may impair our ability to produce and develop software titles at sufficient levels in the future.
we use open source software in connection with certain of our games and services, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a manner that could have a negative impact on our business.
we use open source software in connection with certain of our games and the services we offer. some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. the terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our use of the open source software. if it were determined that our use was not in compliance with a particular license, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our games, discontinue distribution in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our game development efforts, any of which could harm our business.
we depend on servers and internet bandwidth to operate our games and digital services with online features. if we were to lose server capacity or lack sufficient internet bandwidth for any reason, our business could suffer.
we rely on data servers, including those owned or controlled by third parties, to enable our customers to download our games and other downloadable content, and to operate our online games and other products with online functionality. events such as limited hardware failure, any broad-based catastrophic server malfunction, a significant intrusion by hackers that circumvents security measures, or a failure of disaster recovery services would likely interrupt the functionality of our games with online services and could result in a loss of sales for games and related services. an extended interruption of service could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we expect a significant portion of our games to be on-line enabled in the future, and therefore we must project our future server needs and make advance purchases of servers or server capacity to accommodate expected business demands. if we underestimate the amount of server capacity our business requires or if our business were to grow more quickly than expected or if internet bandwidth becomes limited as a result of covid-19 related increased worldwide demand, our consumers may experience service problems, such as slow or interrupted gaming access. insufficient server capacity may result in decreased sales, a loss of our consumer base and adverse consequences to our reputation. conversely, if we overestimate the amount of server capacity required by our business, we may incur additional operating costs.
because of the potential importance of our online business to our revenues and results of operations, our ability to access adequate internet bandwidth and online computational resources to support our business is critical. if the price of such resources increases, we may not be able to increase our prices or subscriber levels to compensate for such costs, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.
we submit our products for rating by the entertainment software rating board ("esrb") in the united states and other voluntary or government ratings organizations in foreign countries. failure to obtain a target rating for certain of our products could negatively affect our ability to distribute and sell those games, as could the re-rating of a game for any reason.
we voluntarily submit our game products to the esrb, a u.s.-based non-profit and independent ratings organization. the esrb system provides consumers with information about game content using a rating symbol that generally suggests the appropriate player age group and specific content descriptors, such as graphic violence, profanity or sexually explicit material. the esrb may impose significant penalties on game publishers for violations of its rules related to rating or marketing games, including revocation of a rating or monetary fines. other countries require voluntary or government backed ratings as prerequisites for product sales. in some instances, we may have to modify our products in order to market them under the target rating, which could delay or disrupt the release of our products. in addition, some of our titles may not be sold at all or without extensive edits in certain countries, such as germany.
in the u.s., if the esrb rates a game as "ao" (age 18 and older), platform licensors may not certify the game and retailers may refuse to sell it. in addition, some consumers have reacted to re-ratings or controversial game content by refusing to purchase such games, demanding refunds for games that they had already purchased, and refraining from buying other games published by us. many of our rockstar titles and certain of our 2k titles have been rated "m" (age 17 and older) by the esrb. if we are unable to obtain "m" ratings and instead receive "ao" ratings on future versions of those or similar titles as a result of changes in the esrb's ratings standards or for other reasons, including the adoption of legislation in this area, our business and prospects could be negatively affected. if any of our games are re-rated by the esrb or other foreign based ratings organizations, we could be exposed to litigation, administrative fines and penalties and other potential liabilities, and our operating results and financial condition could be significantly affected.
we have implemented processes to comply with the requirements of the esrb and other ratings organizations and properly display the designated rating symbols and content descriptions. nonetheless, these processes are subject to human error, circumvention, overriding and reasonable resource constraints. if a video game we published were found to contain undisclosed pertinent content, the esrb could re-rate a game, retailers could refuse to sell it and demand that we accept the return of any unsold copies or returns from customers, and consumers could refuse to buy it or demand that we refund their money. this could have a material negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. in addition, we may be exposed to litigation, administrative fines, and penalties, and our reputation could be harmed, which could affect sales of other video games we sell. if any of these consequences were to occur, our business and financial performance could be significantly harmed.
content policies adopted by retailers, consumer opposition and litigation could negatively affect sales of our products.
retailers, including digital storefronts and platform partners, may decline to sell interactive entertainment software containing what they judge to be graphic violence or sexually explicit material or other content that they deem inappropriate for their businesses. if retailers decline to sell our products based upon their opinion that they contain objectionable themes, graphic violence or sexually explicit material or other generally objectionable content, or if any of our previously "m" rated series products are rated "ao," we might be required to significantly change or discontinue particular titles or series, which in the case of our best-selling grand theft auto titles could seriously affect our business. consumer advocacy groups have opposed sales of interactive entertainment software containing objectionable themes, violence or sexual material or other objectionable content by pressing for legislation in these areas and by engaging in public demonstrations and media campaigns. additionally, although lawsuits seeking damages for injuries allegedly suffered by third parties as a result of video games have generally been unsuccessful in the courts, claims of this kind have been asserted against us from time to time and may be asserted and be successful in the future. an increase in the number of lawsuits filed by the families of victims of violence may trigger supplemental governmental scrutiny, damage our reputation, and negatively affect the sale of our products. further, in 2019, the world health organization included "gaming disorder" in the 11th revision of the international classification of diseases (icd-11), leading some to consider legislation and policies aimed at addressing this issue. in addition, public dialogue concerning interactive entertainment may have an adverse impact on our reputation and our customers' willingness to purchase our products.
our results of operations or reputation may be harmed as a result of offensive consumer-created content.
we are subject to risks associated with the collaborative online features in our games which allow consumers to post narrative comments, in real time, that are visible to other consumers. from time to time, objectionable and offensive consumer content may be posted to a gaming or other site with online chat features or game forums which allow consumers to post comments. we may be subject to lawsuits, governmental regulation or restrictions, and consumer backlash (including decreased sales and harmed reputation), as a result of consumers posting offensive content. we may also be subject to consumer backlash from comments made in response to postings we make on social media sites such as facebook, youtube and twitter.
we are subject to risks and uncertainties of international trade, including fluctuations in the values of local foreign currencies against the dollar.
sales in international markets, primarily in europe, have accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, 42.5% of our net revenue was earned outside the u.s. we are continuing to execute on our growth initiatives in asia, where our strategy is to broaden the distribution of our existing products and expand our online gaming presence, especially in china and south korea. we are subject to risks inherent in foreign trade, including increased credit risks, tariffs, and duties, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, shipping delays, and international political, regulatory and economic developments, all of which can have a significant influence on our operating results. many of our international sales are made in local currencies, which could fluctuate against the dollar. while we may use forward exchange contracts to a limited extent to seek to mitigate foreign currency risk, our operating results could be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations.
we face risks from our international operations.
we are subject to certain risks because of our international operations, particularly as we continue to grow our business and presence in asia, latin america, and other parts of the world. changes to and compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations may increase our cost of doing business and our inability or failure to obtain required approvals could harm our international and domestic sales. trade legislation in either the u.s. or other countries, such as a change in the current tariff structures, import/export compliance laws, or other trade laws or policies, could adversely affect our ability to sell or to distribute in international markets. additionally, cultural differences may affect consumer preferences and as a result, some of our "hit" products may not sell as well as they do in the u.s. cultural differences may also require us to modify the content of our products or the method by which we charge our customers. if we do not correctly assess consumer preferences in the countries in which we sell our products, or respond to other risks related to our international operations, it could negatively impact our business.
the current u.s. administration has voiced concerns about imports from countries potentially engaging in unfair trade practices, increased tariffs on certain goods imported into the u.s. from those countries, including china and other countries to which we sell products, and raised the possibility of imposing significant additional tariff increases. the announcement of tariffs and proposed tariffs on imported products by the u.s. has triggered actions from certain foreign governments, including china, and may trigger additional actions by those and other foreign governments that could have a negative impact on our business. further, the enforcement of regulations relating to mobile and other games with an online element in china remains uncertain, and further changes, either in the regulation or their enforcement could have a negative impact on our business in china. in order to operate in china, all games must have regulatory approval. a decision by the chinese government to revoke its approval for any of our games or to decline to approve any products we desire to sell in china in the future could have a negative impact on our business.
we incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our international operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations which may be substantially different from those in the u.s. in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by u.s. laws and regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act, and by local laws, such as laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials. although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, including those based in or from countries where practices which violate such laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies. any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
on january 31, 2020, the u.k. left the e.u. ("brexit") and entered a transition period expected to last until the end of calendar 2020 during which the u.k. will continue to be subject to e.u. rules and regulations while it negotiates the future terms of its relationship with the e.u. a substantial amount of uncertainty remains regarding the outcome of the ongoing negotiations. we continue to assess and monitor the risks our business is likely to face as a result of brexit. we are preparing to mitigate those risks with operational and commercial changes to the extent possible and warranted. however, the legal and regulatory landscape remains uncertain, and we have no assurance that such preparations will enable us to avoid a material adverse impact on our business from brexit. for example, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k. determines which e.u. laws to replace and replicate. if there are changes to u.k. immigration policy as a result of brexit, this could affect our employees and their ability to move freely between the e.u. member states for work related matters.
the effects of the u.k.'s future trade agreements with the e.u. or other nations could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and may cause us to lose customers, distributors, and employees. access to the single e.u. market and benefits from the e.u. global trade deals depend on the u.k.'s future trade agreements with the e.u., and the terms of such agreements could have a detrimental impact on our u.k. growth. such a decline could also make our doing business in europe more difficult, which could negatively affect sales to consumers of our products. without access to the single e.u. market, it may be more challenging and costly to distribute our products in europe.
if we are unable to protect the intellectual property relating to our software, the commercial value of our products will be adversely affected and our competitive position could be harmed.
we develop proprietary software and have obtained the rights to publish and distribute software developed by third parties. we attempt to protect our software and production techniques under patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws as well as through contractual restrictions on disclosure, copying and distribution. nonetheless, our software is susceptible to piracy and unauthorized copying, and third parties may potentially exploit or misappropriate our intellectual property and proprietary information, causing significant reputational damage. unauthorized third parties, for example, may be able to copy or to reverse engineer our software to obtain and use programming or production techniques that we regard as proprietary. well organized piracy operations have also proliferated in recent years, resulting in the ability to download pirated copies of our software over the internet. although we attempt to incorporate protective measures into our software, piracy of our products could negatively affect our future profitability. in addition, "cheating" programs or other unauthorized software tools and modifications that enable consumers to cheat in games harm the experience of players who play fairly and could negatively impact the volume of microtransactions or purchases of downloadable content. also, vulnerabilities in the design of our applications and of the platforms upon which they run could be discovered after their release. this may lead to lost revenues from paying consumers or increased cost of developing technological measures to respond to these, either of which could negatively affect our business.
if we infringe on or are alleged to infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, our business could be adversely affected.
as our industry grows, we may be subject to an increasing amount of litigation that is common in the software industry based on allegations of infringement or other alleged violations of patent, copyright, or trademarks. in addition, we believe that interactive entertainment software will increasingly become the subject of claims that such software infringes on the intellectual property rights of others with both the growth of online functionality and advances in technology, game content and software graphics as games become more realistic. from time to time, we receive notices from third parties or are named in lawsuits by third parties alleging infringement of their proprietary rights. although we believe that our software and technologies and the software and technologies of third-party developers and publishers with whom we have contractual relations do not and will not infringe or violate proprietary rights of others, it is possible that infringement of proprietary rights of others may occur. any claims of infringement, with or without merit, could be time consuming, costly and difficult to defend. moreover, intellectual property litigation or claims could require us to discontinue the distribution of products, obtain a license or redesign our products, which could result in additional substantial costs and material delays.
our software is susceptible to errors, which can harm our financial results and reputation.
the technological advancements of new hardware platforms result in the development of more complex software products. as software products become more complex, the risk of undetected errors in new products increases. we may need to produce and distribute patches in order to repair such errors, which could be costly and may distract our developers from working on new products. if, despite testing, errors are found in new products or releases after shipments have been made, we may have to consider suspending distribution of defective products or offering refunds, and we could experience a loss of or delay in timely market acceptance, product returns, loss of revenue, increases in costs relating to the repair of such errors and damage to our reputation.
if we acquire or invest in other businesses, intellectual properties or other assets, we may be unable to integrate them with our business, our financial performance may be impaired and/or we may not realize the anticipated financial and strategic goals for such transactions.
if appropriate opportunities present themselves, we may acquire or make investments in businesses, intellectual properties and other assets that we believe are strategic. we may not be able to identify, negotiate or finance any future acquisition or investment successfully. even if we do succeed in acquiring or investing in a business, intellectual property or other asset, such acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, including:
retaining key employees and maintaining the key business and customer relationships of the businesses we acquire;
cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from an acquired company or business into our organization;
the possibility that the combined company would not achieve the expected benefits, including any anticipated operating and product synergies, of the acquisition as quickly as anticipated or that the costs of, or operational difficulties arising from, an acquisition would be greater than anticipated;
significant acquisition-related accounting adjustments, particularly relating to an acquired company's deferred revenue, that may cause reported revenue and profits of the combined company to be lower than the sum of their stand-alone revenue and profits;
significant accounting charges resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition and increased capital expenditures, including potential impairment charges incurred to write down the carrying amount of intangible assets generated as a result of an acquisition;
the possibility that significant acquisitions, when not managed cautiously, may result in the over-extension of our existing operating infrastructures, internal controls and information technology systems;
the possibility that we will not discover important facts during due diligence that could have a material adverse effect on the value of the businesses we acquire, including the possibility that a change of control of a company we acquire triggers a termination of contractual or intellectual property rights important to the operation of its business;
the need to integrate an acquired company's accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective management and timely reporting, and the need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company in an acquired company that, prior to the acquisition, lacked these controls, procedures and policies;
litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risks as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees, customers or other third parties; and
to the extent that we engage in strategic transactions outside of the u.s., we face additional risks, including risks related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.
future acquisitions and investments could also involve the issuance of our equity and equity-linked securities (potentially diluting our existing stockholders), the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses such as stock-based compensation. any of the foregoing factors could harm our financial condition or prevent us from achieving improvements in our financial condition and operating performance that could have otherwise been achieved by us on a stand-alone basis. our stockholders may not have the opportunity to review, vote on or evaluate future acquisitions or investments.
our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property, especially for sports titles, affects our revenue and profitability. competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our costs.
certain of our products are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. for example, certain of our 2k products include rights licensed from major sports leagues and players' associations. similarly, some of our other titles are based on licenses of popular entertainment products. competition for these licenses is intense. if we are unable to maintain and renew these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable economic terms or with significant commercial value, our revenue and profitability could decline significantly. competition for these licenses may also increase the advances, guarantees and royalties that we must pay to the licensor, which could significantly increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability. in addition, on certain intellectual property licenses, we are subject to guaranteed minimum payments, royalties or standards of performance and may not be able to terminate these agreements prior to their stated expiration. if such licensed products do not generate revenues in excess of such minimum guarantees, our profitability will be adversely affected.
we are subject to contractual covenants which place certain limitations on how we manage our business.
our credit agreement (the "credit agreement") may limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, paying dividends, repurchasing shares, and acquiring or disposing of assets or businesses. in addition, we have granted a security interest in connection with certain compensatory arrangements which limits our ability to incur senior debt in excess of certain amounts. accordingly, we may be restricted from taking actions that management believes would be desirable and in the best interests of us and our stockholders. our credit agreement also requires us to satisfy specified financial covenants and comply with other affirmative and negative covenants. a breach of any of the covenants contained in our credit agreement could result in an event of default, which would allow our lenders to pursue various remedies, including accelerating the repayment of any outstanding indebtedness under our credit agreement.
our business and products are subject to potential legislation. the adoption of such proposed legislation could limit the retail market for our products.
several proposals have been made for federal legislation to regulate our industry. such proposals seek to prohibit the sale of products containing certain content included in some of our games. if any such proposals are enacted into law, it may limit the potential market for some of our games in the u.s., and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. other countries, such as germany, have adopted laws regulating content both in packaged games and those transmitted over the internet that are stricter than current u.s. laws. in the u.s., proposals have also been made by numerous state legislators to regulate and prohibit the sale of interactive entertainment software products containing certain types of violent or sexual content to under 17 or 18 audiences, such as the state of california's "ultraviolent video games law" that sought to ban the sale or rental of violent video games to minors. while such legislation to date has been enjoined by industry and retail groups or been found unconstitutional, the adoption into law of such legislation in federal and/or in state jurisdictions in which we do significant business could severely limit the retail market for some of our games.
change in government regulations relating to the internet could have a negative impact on our business.
we rely on our consumers' access to significant levels of internet bandwidth for the sale and digital delivery of our content and the functionality of our games with online features. changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws affecting "net neutrality" or measures enacted in certain jurisdictions as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, could decrease the demand for our products and services or increase our cost of doing business. although certain jurisdictions have implemented laws and regulations intended to prevent internet service providers from discriminating against particular types of legal traffic on their networks, other jurisdictions may lack such laws and regulations or repeal existing laws or regulations. for example, on december 14, 2017, the federal communications commission voted to repeal net neutrality regulations in the u.s. given uncertainty around these rules, including changing interpretations, amendments, or repeal, coupled with the potentially significant political and economic power of local internet service providers and the relatively significant level of internet bandwidth access our products and services require, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expenses, or otherwise negatively affect our business.
we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired.
we are required under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles to review our goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our goodwill continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in stock price and market capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry or other materially adverse events. we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill is determined. this may adversely affect our operating results.
our reported financial results could be adversely affected by the application of existing or future accounting standards to our business as it evolves.
our financial results are reported under the accounting policies promulgated by the sec and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. for example, standards regarding revenue recognition have and could further significantly affect the way we account for revenue related to our products and services. we expect that an increasing number of our games will be supported with material post-release activities, such as content updates and online-enabled features, and we could therefore be required to recognize more of the related revenues for those games over a period of time rather than at the time of sale. further, as we increase our downloadable content and add new features to our online services, user playing patterns can affect our estimate of the service period, and we could be required to recognize revenues, and defer related costs, over a shorter or longer period of time than we initially allocated. as we enhance, expand and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account for revenue, could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results although not necessarily on our cash flows.
we are subject to risks related to corporate and social responsibility and reputation.
many factors influence our reputation including the perception held by our customers, business partners and other key stakeholders. our business faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance activities. we risk damage to our reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, climate change, workplace conduct, human rights and philanthropy. any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention and the willingness of customers and our partners to do business with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
climate change could result in an increase in the frequency or severity of natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, or significant power outages and other catastrophic events. such events may adversely impact critical infrastructure, have the potential to disrupt our business, our third-party suppliers, or the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations.
risks relating to our common stock for purposes of this section "risks relating to our common stock," references to "the company," "we," "our," and "us" refer only to take-two interactive software, inc. and not to its subsidiaries.
additional issuances or sales of equity securities by us would dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
we may issue equity or equity-based securities in the future to facilitate acquisitions or strategic transactions, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to fund expansion of our operations or for other purposes. to the extent we issue additional equity securities, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders would be reduced. the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect its price. the sale or the availability for sale of a large number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the price of our common stock to decline.
there is no guarantee that we will do additional share repurchases in the future.
the share repurchase program authorized by the board of directors, which authorized the repurchase of up to 14.2 million shares of our common stock and had 3.8 million shares available for repurchase as of the date of this filing, does not obligate us to make any purchases at any specific time or situation. discontinuing repurchases could adversely affect the price of our common stock. the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time for any reason.
our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly.
the market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. these fluctuations may be due to factors specific to us including those discussed in the risk factors in this section as well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material, to changes in securities analysts' earnings estimates or ratings, to our results or future financial guidance falling below our expectations and analysts' and investors' expectations, to factors affecting the computer, software, entertainment, media or electronics industries, or to national or international economic conditions, such as the impact of covid-19.
stock markets, in general, have experienced over the years, and continue to experience significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected market prices for companies such as ours and that may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies. these broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock, regardless of our operating performance.
delaware law, our charter documents, and provisions of our debt agreements may impede or discourage a takeover, which could cause the market price of our shares to decline.
we are a delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. our board of directors has the power, without stockholder approval, to adopt a stockholder rights plan and/or to designate the terms of one or more series of preferred stock and issue shares of preferred stock. the ability of our board of directors to create and issue a new series of preferred stock and certain provisions of delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the market price of our common stock and the value of any outstanding notes.
our ability to use net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to reduce future years' taxes could be substantially limited under internal revenue code sections 382 and 383 if we experience an ownership change as defined in the internal revenue code section 382.
section 382 of the internal revenue code contains rules that limit the ability of a company to use its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in years after an ownership change, which is generally defined as any change in ownership of more than 50% of its stock over a three-year testing period. these rules generally operate by focusing on ownership changes among stockholders owning directly or indirectly 5% or more of the stock of a company and/or any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of stock by the company. if, as a result of future transactions involving our common stock, including purchases or sales of stock by 5% stockholders, we undergo cumulative ownership changes which exceed 50% over the testing period, our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards would be subject to additional limitations under sections 382 and 383.
generally, if an ownership change occurs, the annual taxable income limitation on the use of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate and the value of the company's stock immediately before the ownership change. depending on the resulting limitation, a portion of our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them.
our inability to fully utilize any net operating losses or tax credit carryforwards to reduce tax liability in the future could have a material and negative affect on our future financial position and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview our business we are a leading developer, publisher, and marketer of interactive entertainment for consumers around the globe. we develop and publish products principally through rockstar games, 2k, private division, and social point. our products are currently designed for console gaming systems, such as sony's ps4, microsoft's xbox one, and nintendo's switch, and pc, including smartphones and tablets. we deliver our products through physical retail, digital download, online platforms and cloud streaming services.
we endeavor to be the most creative, innovative and efficient company in our industry. our core strategy is to capitalize on the popularity of video games by developing and publishing high-quality interactive entertainment experiences across a range of genres. we focus on building compelling entertainment franchises by publishing a select number of titles for which we can create sequels and incremental revenue opportunities through virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases. most of our intellectual property is internally owned and developed, which we believe best positions us financially and competitively. we have established a portfolio of proprietary software content for the major hardware platforms in a wide range of genres, including action, adventure, family/casual, racing, role-playing, shooter, sports and strategy, which we distribute worldwide. we believe that our commitment to creativity and innovation is a distinguishing strength, enabling us to differentiate our products in the marketplace by combining advanced technology with compelling storylines and characters that provide unique gameplay experiences for consumers. we have created, acquired or licensed a group of highly recognizable brands to match the broad consumer demographics that we serve, ranging from adults to children and game enthusiasts to casual gamers. another cornerstone of our strategy is to support the success of our products in the marketplace through innovative marketing programs and global distribution on platforms and through channels that are relevant to our target audience.
our revenue is primarily derived from the sale of internally developed software titles and software titles developed by third parties. operating margins are dependent in part upon our ability to release new, commercially successful software products and to manage effectively their development and marketing costs. we have internal development studios located in australia, canada, china, czech republic, hungary, india, spain, south korea, the united kingdom, and the united states.
software titles published by our rockstar games label are primarily internally developed. we expect rockstar games, our wholly-owned publisher of the grand theft auto, max payne, midnight club, red dead redemption, and other popular franchises, to continue to be a leader in the action/adventure product category and to create groundbreaking entertainment. we believe that rockstar games has established a uniquely original, popular cultural phenomenon with its grand theft auto series, which is the interactive entertainment industry's most iconic and critically acclaimed brand and has sold-in over 320 million units. the latest installment, grand theft auto v, has sold-in over 125 million units worldwide and includes access to grand theft auto online. on october 26, 2018, rockstar games launched red dead redemption 2, which has been a critical and commercial success that set numerous entertainment industry records. to date, red dead redemption 2 has sold-in more than 30 million units worldwide. rockstar games is also well known for developing brands in other genres, including the l.a. noire, bully and manhunt franchises. rockstar games continues to expand on our established franchises by developing sequels, offering downloadable episodes, content, and virtual currency.
our 2k label has published a variety of popular entertainment properties across all key platforms and across a range of genres including shooter, action, role-playing, strategy, sports and family/casual entertainment. we expect 2k to continue to develop new, successful franchises in the future. 2k's internally owned and developed franchises include the critically acclaimed, multi-million unit selling bioshock, mafia, sid meier's civilization, and xcom series. 2k also publishes successful externally developed franchises, such as borderlands. 2k's realistic sports simulation titles include our flagship nba 2k series, which continues to be the top-ranked nba basketball video game, the wwe 2k professional wrestling series, and pga tour 2k. in march 2020, 2k announced a multi-year partnership with the national football league encompassing multiple future video games that will be non-simulation football game experiences and will launch starting in fiscal year 2022.
our private division label is dedicated to bringing titles from top independent developers to market and is the publisher and owner of kerbal space program. during the fiscal year 2020, private division released the outer worlds and ancestors: the humankind odyssey, based on new ip from renowned industry creative talent. additionally, private division, has announced that disintegration is planned for release in fiscal year 2021 and kerbal space program 2 in fiscal year 2022.
social point develops and publishes popular free-to-play mobile games that deliver high quality, deeply-engaging entertainment experiences, including its two most successful games, dragon city and monster legends. in addition, social point has a robust development pipeline with a number of exciting games planned for launch in the coming years.
we are continuing to execute on our growth initiatives in asia, where our strategy is to broaden the distribution of our existing products and expand our online gaming presence, especially in china and south korea. 2k has secured a multi-year license from the nba to develop an online version of the nba simulation game in china, taiwan, south korea, and southeast asia. nba 2k online, our free-to-play nba simulation game, which was co-developed by 2k and tencent, is the top online pc sports game in china with over 49 million registered users. we have released two iterations of nba 2k online and continue to enhance the title with new features.
in february 2017, we expanded our relationship with the nba through the creation of the nba 2k league. launched in may 2018, this groundbreaking competitive gaming league is jointly owned by us and the nba and consists of teams operated by actual nba franchises. the nba 2k league follows a professional sports league format: head-to-head competition throughout a regular season followed by a bracketed playoff system and a finals match-up that was held in august in each of the nba 2k league's first two seasons.
trends and factors affecting our business product release schedule.    our financial results are affected by the timing of our product releases and the commercial success of those titles. our grand theft auto products in particular have historically accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. sales of grand theft auto products generated 23.0% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020. the timing of our grand theft auto product releases may affect our financial performance on a quarterly and annual basis.
economic environment and retailer performance.    we continue to monitor economic conditions, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, that may unfavorably affect our businesses, such as deteriorating consumer demand, delays in development, pricing pressure on our products, credit quality of our receivables, and foreign currency exchange rates. the covid-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business operations, including our employees, customers, partners, and communities, and there is substantial uncertainty in the nature and degree of its continued effects over time. in the final quarter of fiscal year 2020, we noted a positive impact to our results that we believe was partly due to increased consumer engagement with our products because of covid-19 related business closures and movement restrictions, such as "shelter in place" and "lockdown" orders, being implemented around the world, as well as the online accessibility and social nature of our products. however, we cannot be certain as to the duration of these effects and the potential offsetting impacts of deteriorating economic conditions and decreased consumer spending generally. we have developed and continue to develop plans to help mitigate the negative impact of the pandemic on our business, such as our transition, based on our concern for the health and safety of our teams, to working from home for the vast majority of our teams, which to date has resulted in minimal disruption. however, these efforts may not be effective, and a protracted economic downturn may limit the effectiveness of our mitigation efforts. any of these considerations described above could cause or contribute to the risks described, above, in item 1a of this form 10-k and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or stock price. therefore, the effects of covid-19 will not be fully reflected in our financial results until future periods, and, at this time, we are not able to predict its ultimate impact on our business.
additionally, our business is dependent upon a limited number of customers that account for a significant portion of our revenue. our five largest customers accounted for 71.5%, 70.1% and 70.7% of net revenue during the fiscal years ended march 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. as of march 31, 2020 and 2019, five customers comprised 58.1% and 66.6% of our gross accounts receivable, respectively, with our significant customers (those that individually comprised more than 10% of our gross accounts receivable balance) accounting for 48.8% and 55.8% of such balance at march 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we had two customers who accounted for 29.4% and 19.4% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2020 and two customers who accounted for 40.1% and 15.7% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2019. we did not have any additional customers that exceeded 10% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2020 and 2019. the economic environment has affected our customers in the past, and may do so in the future, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. bankruptcies or consolidations of our large retail customers could seriously hurt our business, due to uncollectible accounts receivables and the concentration of purchasing power among the remaining large retailers. the covid-19 pandemic may lead to increased consolidation as larger, better capitalized competitors will be in a stronger position to withstand prolonged periods of economic downturn and sustain their business through the financial volatility. certain of our large customers sell used copies of our games, which may negatively affect our business by reducing demand for new copies of our games. while the downloadable content that we now offer for certain of our titles may serve to reduce used game sales, we expect used game sales to continue to adversely affect our business.
hardware platforms.    we derive most of our revenue from the sale of products made for video game consoles manufactured by third parties, such as sony's ps4 and microsoft's xbox one, which comprised 74.7% of our net revenue by product platform for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020. the success of our business is dependent upon the consumer acceptance of these platforms and the continued growth in the installed base of these platforms. when new hardware platforms are introduced, such as those slated for release in calendar 2020 by sony and microsoft, demand for interactive entertainment used on older platforms typically declines, which may negatively affect our business during the market transition to the new consoles. the new sony and microsoft consoles are expected to provide "backwards compatibility" (i.e. the ability to play games for the previous generation of consoles), which could mitigate the risk of such a decline. however, we cannot be certain how backwards compatibility will affect demand for our products. further, covid-19 or other events, may impact the timing of release and availability of these new consoles, which may also affect demand. we manage our product delivery on each current and future platform in a manner we believe to be most effective to maximize our revenue opportunities and achieve the desired return on our investments in product development. accordingly, our strategy is to focus our development efforts on a select number of the highest quality titles for these platforms, while also expanding our offerings for other platforms such as tablets, smartphones, and online games.
online content and digital distribution.    the interactive entertainment software industry is delivering a growing amount of content through digital online delivery methods. we provide a variety of online delivered products and offerings. virtually all of our titles that are available through retailers as packaged goods products are also available through direct digital download (from websites we own and others owned by third parties) as well as a large selection of our catalog titles. in addition, we aim to drive ongoing engagement and incremental revenue from recurrent consumer spending on our titles through virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases. we also publish an expanding variety of titles for tablets and smartphones, which are delivered to consumers through digital download. as disclosed in our "results of operations," below, net revenue from digital online channels comprised 77.0% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020. we expect online delivery of games and game offerings to continue to grow and to become the primary part of our business over the long-term.
product releases we released the following key titles in fiscal year 2020:
title                                                      publishing label   internal or             platform(s)                                              date released external development borderlands: game of the year edition                                    2k   external                ps4, xbox one, pc                                        april 3, 2019
nba 2k mobile                                                            2k   internal                android                                                  april 17, 2019
ancestors: the humankind odyssey                           private division   external                pc (digital only)                                        august 27, 2019
nba 2k20                                                                 2k   internal                ps4, xbox one, nintendo switch, pc, ios, android         september 6, 2019
borderlands 3                                                            2k   internal/external       ps4, xbox one, pc                                        september 13, 2019
wwe 2k20                                                                 2k   internal                ps4, xbox one, pc                                        october 22, 2019
the outer worlds                                           private division   external                ps4, xbox one, pc                                        october 25, 2019
red dead redemption 2                                        rockstar games   internal                pc                                                       november 5, 2019
red dead redemption 2                                        rockstar games   internal                google stadia                                            november 19, 2019
nba 2k20                                                                 2k   internal                google stadia                                            november 19, 2019
sid meier's civilization vi                                              2k   internal                ps4, xbox one                                            november 22, 2019
ancestors: the humankind odyssey                           private division   external                ps4, xbox one                                            december 6, 2019
borderlands 3                                                            2k   internal/external       google stadia                                            december 17, 2019
borderlands 3 (for steam and other retailers)                            2k   internal/external       pc                                                       march 13, 2020
product pipeline we have announced the following key titles to date (this list does not represent all titles currently in development):
title                                       publishing label   internal or             platform(s)                               expected release date external development xcom: chimera squad                                       2k   internal                pc                                        april 24, 2020
(released)
bioshock: the collection                                  2k   internal/external       switch                                    may 29, 2020
borderlands legendary collection                          2k   internal/external       switch                                    may 29, 2020
xcom 2 collection                                         2k   external                switch                                    may 29, 2020
the outer worlds                            private division   external                switch                                    june 5, 2020
disintegration                              private division   external                ps4, xbox one, pc                         june 16, 2020
pga tour 2k21                                             2k   external                ps4, xbox one, switch, pc, stadia         august 21, 2020
nba 2k21                                                  2k   internal                tba                                       fall 2020
kerbal space program 2                      private division   internal                ps4, xbox one, pc                         fall 2021
fiscal 2020 financial summary our net revenue for fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 was led by titles from a variety of our top franchises, primarily nba 2k; grand theft auto v and grand theft auto online; red dead redemption 2 and red dead online, which released on pc in november 2019; borderlands 3, which released in september 2019; and the outer worlds, which released in october 2019. our net revenue increased to $3,089.0 million, an increase of $420.6 million or 15.8% compared to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019.
for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, our net income was $404.5 million, as compared to net income of $333.8 million in the prior year. diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 was $3.54, as compared to diluted income per share of $2.90 for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019. our operating income for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 increased compared to the operating income for fiscal year ended march 31, 2019, due primarily to higher gross profit, which was due primarily to higher revenue from the titles described above and lower internal royalties as a percentage of net revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses primarily due to higher selling and marketing expense.
at march 31, 2020, we had $1,993.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, compared to $1,392.0 million at march 31, 2019. the increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents from march 31, 2019 was due primarily to net cash provided by operating activities from sales primarily from the previously mentioned titles, partially offset by investments in software development and licenses as well as royalty payments, and to a lesser extent net cash from investing activities. these net increases were offset by net cash used in financing activities, which was primarily related to tax payments related to net share settlements of our restricted stock.
critical accounting policies and estimates our most critical accounting policies, which are those that require significant judgment, include revenue recognition; price protection and allowances for returns; capitalization and recognition of software development costs and licenses; fair value estimates including valuation of goodwill, and intangible assets; valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation; and income taxes. see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k.
recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements see note 1 - basis of presentation and significant accounting policies.
operating metric net bookings we monitor net bookings as a key operating metric in evaluating the performance of our business. net bookings is defined as the net amount of products and services sold digitally or sold-in physically during the period and includes licensing fees, merchandise, in-game advertising, strategy guides, and publisher incentives. net bookings were as follows:
fiscal year ended march 31,
2020                                     2019                                        increase/(decrease)                    increase/(decrease) %
net bookings            $2,990,358                      $2,928,724                   $61,634                    2.1                             %
for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, net bookings increased by $61.6 million as compared to the prior year period due primarily to borderlands 3, which released in september 2019, grand theft auto online and grand theft auto v,  our nba 2k franchise, the outer worlds which released in october 2019, red dead online, civilization vi, and ancestors: the humankind odyssey, which released in august 2019, partially offset by a decrease in net bookings from red dead redemption 2, which released on ps4 and xbox one in october 2018 and pc in november 2019.
results of operations in this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 compared to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019. for the comparison of fiscal year 2019 to fiscal year 2018, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended march 31, 2019.
the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our statements of operations, net revenue by geographic region, net revenue by platform, net revenue by distribution channel, and net revenue by content type:
fiscal year ended march 31,
2020                                                                              2019                                                          2018
net revenue                                                 $3,088,970                  100.0   %               $2,668,394                    100.0   %               $1,792,892                    100.0   %
cost of goods sold                                           1,542,450                   49.9   %                1,523,644                     57.1   %                  898,311                     50.1   %
gross profit                                                 1,546,520                   50.1   %                1,144,750                     42.9   %                  894,581                     49.9   %
selling and marketing                                          458,424                   14.8   %                  391,400                     14.7   %                  256,092                     14.3   %
general and administrative                                     318,235                   10.3   %                  281,234                     10.5   %                  247,828                     13.8   %
research and development                                       296,398                    9.6   %                  230,170                      8.6   %                  196,373                     11.0   %
depreciation and amortization                                   48,113                    1.6   %                   40,232                      1.5   %                   43,969                      2.5   %
business reorganization                                             83                      -   %                  (4,958)                    (0.2)   %                   14,742                      0.8   %
total operating expenses                                     1,121,253                   36.3   %                  938,078                     35.2   %                  759,004                     42.3   %
income from operations                                         425,267                   13.8   %                  206,672                      7.7   %                  135,577                      7.6   %
interest and other, net                                         38,505                    1.2   %                   26,113                      1.0   %                    1,048                      0.1   %
loss on long-term investments                                    5,333                    0.2   %                        -                        -   %                        -                        -   %
income before income taxes                                     458,439                   14.8   %                  232,785                      8.7   %                  136,625                      7.6   %
provision for (benefit from) income taxes                       53,980                    1.7   %                (101,052)                    (3.8)   %                 (36,908)                    (2.1)   %
net income                                                    $404,459                   13.1   %                 $333,837                     12.5   %                 $173,533                      9.7   %
fiscal year ended march 31,
2020                                                                                                               2019                                                   2018
net revenue by geographic region:
united states                                            $1,775,682              57.5   %               $1,426,906              53.5   %               $1,052,313              58.7   %
international                                             1,313,288              42.5   %                1,241,488              46.5   %                  740,579              41.3   %
net revenue by platform:
console                                                  $2,308,602              74.7   %               $2,233,861              83.7   %                1,463,306              81.6   %
pc and other                                                780,368              25.3   %                  434,533              16.3   %                  329,586              18.4   %
net revenue by distribution channel:
digital online                                           $2,378,563              77.0   %               $1,681,609              63.0   %                1,130,946              63.1   %
physical retail and other                                   710,407              23.0   %                  986,785              37.0   %                  661,946              36.9   %
net revenue by content:
full game and other                                      $1,703,971              55.2   %               $1,597,478              59.9   %               $1,046,176              58.4   %
recurrent consumer spending                               1,384,999              44.8   %                1,070,916              40.1   %                  746,716              41.6   %
fiscal years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019
(thousands of dollars)                             2020                                         % of net revenue                        2019                    % of net revenue        increase/(decrease)                  % increase/(decrease)
net revenue                                                    $3,088,970                          100.0       %               $2,668,394                          100.0       %          $420,576                                  15.8         %
software development costs and royalties(1)                       611,198                           19.8       %                  449,198                           16.8       %           162,000                                  36.1         %
internal royalties                                                483,697                           15.7       %                  610,804                           22.9       %         (127,107)                                (20.8)         %
product costs                                                     277,147                            9.0       %                  322,148                           12.1       %          (45,001)                                (14.0)         %
licenses                                                          170,408                            5.5       %                  141,494                            5.3       %            28,914                                  20.4         %
cost of goods sold                                              1,542,450                           49.9       %                1,523,644                           57.1       %            18,806                                   1.2         %
gross profit                                                   $1,546,520                           50.1       %               $1,144,750                           42.9       %          $401,770                                  35.1         %
(1) includes $154,031 and $149,075 of stock-based compensation expense in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, net revenue increased by $420.6 million, as compared to the prior year. the increase was due primarily to (i) $371.8 million in net revenue from borderlands 3, which released in september 2019, (ii) an increase of $185.5 million in net revenue from our nba 2k franchise, (iii) $159.8 million in net revenue from the outer worlds, which released in october 2019, and (iv) an increase of $46.6 million in net revenue from red dead online. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of $402.9 million in net revenue from red dead redemption 2.
net revenue from console games increased by $74.7 million and accounted for 74.7% of our total net revenue in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to 83.7% in the prior year. the increase was due to an increase in net revenue from borderlands 3, our nba 2k franchise, the outer worlds, and red dead online. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in net revenue from red dead redemption 2. net revenue from pc and other increased by $345.8 million and accounted for 25.3% of our total net revenue in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to 16.3% in the prior year. the increase was due to an increase in net revenue from borderlands 3, red dead redemption 2, which released for pc in november 2019, and the outer worlds.
net revenue from digital online channels increased by $697.0 million and accounted for 77.0% of our total net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to 63.0% in the prior year. the increase was due to an increase in net revenue from borderlands 3, our nba 2k franchise, and the outer worlds. net revenue from physical retail and other channels decreased by $276.4 million and accounted for 23.0% of our total net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to 37.0% for the prior year. the decrease was due to a decrease in net revenue from red dead redemption 2, partially offset by an increase in net revenue from borderlands 3.
net revenue from full game and other increased by $106.5 million and accounted for 55.2% of net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to 59.9% for the prior year. the increase was due to an increase in net revenue from borderlands 3, the outer worlds, and civilization vi, partially offset by a decrease in net revenue from red dead redemption 2. recurrent consumer spending is generated from ongoing consumer engagement and includes revenue from virtual currency, add-on content, and in-game purchases. net revenue from recurrent consumer spending increased by $314.1 million and accounted for 44.8% of net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to 40.1% for the prior year. the increase was due to an increase in net revenue from our nba 2k franchise, borderlands 3, and red dead online, partially offset by a decrease in net revenue from grand theft auto online.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 was 50.1%, as compared to 42.9% in the prior year. the percentage increase was due primarily to lower internal royalties as a percentage of net revenue due to the timing of when royalties are earned and our release slate.
net revenue earned outside of the united states increased by $71.8 million and accounted for 42.5% of our total net revenue in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to 46.5% in the prior year. the increase was due to an increase in net revenue from borderlands 3, the outer worlds, our nba 2k franchise, red dead online, civilization vi, ancestors: the humankind odyssey, and grand theft auto v, partially offset by a decrease in net revenue from red dead redemption 2 and grand theft auto online. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased net revenue and gross profit by $11.5 million and $4.0 million, respectively, in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 as compared to the prior year.
operating expenses
(thousands of dollars)                                   2020                 % of net revenue                      2019                 % of net revenue        increase/(decrease)                  % increase/(decrease)
selling and marketing                             $458,424                        14.8       %               $391,400                        14.7       %           $67,024                                  17.1         %
general and administrative                         318,235                        10.3       %                281,234                        10.5       %            37,001                                  13.2         %
research and development                           296,398                         9.6       %                230,170                         8.6       %            66,228                                  28.8         %
depreciation and amortization                       48,113                         1.6       %                 40,232                         1.5       %             7,881                                  19.6         %
business reorganization                                 83                           -       %                (4,958)                       (0.2)       %             5,041                               (101.7)         %
total operating expenses                        $1,121,253                        36.3       %               $938,078                        35.2       %          $183,175                                  19.5         %
includes stock-based compensation expense, which was allocated as follows (in thousands):
2020                                     2019
selling and marketing                       $18,680                 $23,685
general and administrative                  $53,607                 $51,903
research and development                    $31,563                 $23,037
foreign currency exchange rates decreased total operating expenses by $6.7 million in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 as compared to the prior year.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses increased by $67.0 million in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 as compared to the prior year, due primarily to $44.5 million in higher advertising and marketing expenses. advertising and marketing expenses were higher in the current year due primarily to borderlands 3, grand theft auto online, red dead online, and the outer worlds, partially offset by lower advertising expenses for red dead redemption 2. the increase was also due to higher personnel expenses, primarily due to increased headcount.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses increased by $37.0 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year, due primarily to increases in (i) personnel expenses due to additional headcount, (ii) it related expenses for cloud-based services, (iii) indirect tax expenses, and (iv) rent expenses.
general and administrative expenses for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2020 and 2019 include occupancy expense (primarily rent, utilities and office expenses) of $25.9 million and $22.0 million, respectively, related to our development studios.
research and development research and development expenses increased by $66.2 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year, due primarily to (i) an increase in production and development expenses for titles for which technological feasibility has not been established or for ongoing development for titles that have already been released and (ii) increased personnel expense due to increased headcount.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $7.9 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year, due primarily to an increase in it infrastructure costs.
business reorganization during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, business reorganization expense increased by $5.0 million due to a benefit in the prior year related to updating estimates for and completing our 2016 plan and updating estimates for our 2018 plan.
interest and other, net
(thousands of dollars)                 2020                                  % of net revenue                    2019                 % of net revenue                 increase/(decrease)                     % increase/(decrease)
interest income                                   $47,341                         1.5       %              $38,019                         1.4       %                     $9,322                                     24.5         %
interest expense                                  (2,637)                       (0.1)       %              (8,032)                       (0.3)       %                      5,395                                   (67.2)         %
foreign currency exchange loss                    (3,589)                       (0.1)       %                (505)                           -       %                    (3,084)                                    610.7         %
other                                             (2,610)                       (0.1)       %              (3,369)                       (0.1)       %                        759                                   (22.5)         %
interest and other, net                           $38,505                         1.2       %              $26,113                         1.0       %                    $12,392                                     47.5         %
interest and other, net was income of $38.5 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, as compared to income of $26.1 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019. the increase was due primarily to a $9.3 million increase in interest income due to the nature of our investments, higher invested balances, and higher interest rates on those investments.
provision from income taxes our income tax expense was $54.0 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 as compared to a benefit of $101.1 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019.
when compared to the statutory rate of 21.0%, the effective tax rate of 11.8% for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 was due primarily to a $37.9 million tax benefit from tax credits anticipated to be utilized, $12.7 million from our geographic mix of earnings, $11.9 million due to net deferred tax asset arising from a step up in tax basis related to the federal act on tax reform and avh (old-age and survivors insurance) financing ("traf") enacted in switzerland during the fiscal year, discussed below, $9.2 million in changes in unrecognized tax benefits primarily due to audit settlements, and $8.4 million in excess tax benefits from employee stock compensation. these benefits were partially offset by tax expense of $19.8 million from the reversal of net deferred tax benefits relating to the altera case, discussed below.
when compared to the statutory rate of 21%, the effective tax rate of (43.4)% for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019 was primarily due to a $107.1 million tax benefit from changes in valuation allowance, a benefit of $35.0 million for tax credits, $13.3 million from excess tax benefits from employee stock compensation, and $9.0 million from our geographic mix of earnings, partially offset by tax expense from other immaterial items, which include the impact of the tax act.
the effective tax rate in the current year was higher compared to the prior year primarily due to decreased tax benefits from (i) changes in valuation allowance and (ii) geographic mix of earnings.
the accounting for share-based compensation will increase or decrease our effective tax rate based upon the difference between our share-based compensation expense and the deductions taken on our tax return, which depends upon the stock price at the time of employee award vesting. since we recognize excess tax benefits and shortfalls on a discrete basis, we anticipate that our effective tax rate will vary from quarter to quarter depending on our stock price in each period.
we anticipate that additional excess tax benefits or shortfalls from employee stock compensation, tax credits, and changes in our geographic mix of earnings could have a significant impact on our effective tax rate in the future. in addition, we are regularly examined by domestic and foreign taxing authorities. examinations may result in tax assessments in excess of amounts claimed and the payment of additional taxes. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, and that we have adequately provided for reasonably foreseeable tax assessments. it is possible that settlement of audits or the expiration of the statute of limitations could have an impact on our effective tax rate in future periods.
on july 27, 2015, the u.s. tax court issued an opinion in altera corp. v. commissioner, which concluded that related parties in an intercompany cost-sharing arrangement are not required to share costs related to stock-based compensation. in february 2016, the u.s. internal revenue service appealed the decision to the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit. on june 7, 2019, the ninth circuit reversed the 2015 decision of the u.s. tax court. as a result of this decision, we are no longer reflecting a net tax benefit within our financial statements related to the removal of stock-based compensation from our intercompany cost-sharing arrangement. during the three months ended december 31, 2019, we removed the deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability associated with this matter resulting in a cumulative net discrete income tax expense of $19.8 million. in february 2020, the taxpayer petitioned the u.s. supreme court to review the ninth circuit's decision and is awaiting the supreme court's decision as to whether it will hear the case. we will continue to monitor the case.
on june 21, 2018, the u.s. supreme court issued its decision in south dakota v. wayfair, which overturned previous case law that precluded states from requiring retailers to collect sales tax on sales made to in-state customers unless the retailer had physical presence in the state. although this case is limited to sales tax collection obligations, we continue to monitor the potential impact of this decision on our state income tax footprint.
on may 19, 2019, a public referendum held in switzerland approved the traf, which was effective for us on january 1, 2020. the tax reform abolished preferential tax regimes for holding companies, domicile companies and mixed companies at the cantonal level. the traf allows the cantons to establish transition rules, the implementation of which may be subject to a ruling from the canton. for the three months ended march 31, 2020, we recorded a deferred tax asset of $45.3 million offset by a valuation allowance of $33.4 million rising from the swiss cantonal tax basis step-up.
on march 27, 2020, the u.s. enacted the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act (the "cares act"), which provides numerous tax and other stimulus measures. although we are currently reviewing the potential implications of the cares act, we do not expect that it will have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements.
as of march 31, 2020, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $134.3 million, of which $30.7 million would affect our effective tax rate if realized. for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, gross unrecognized tax benefits decreased by $4.7 million.
we are no longer subject to audit for u.s. federal income tax returns for periods prior to our fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 and state income tax returns for periods prior to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. with few exceptions, we are no longer subject to income tax examinations in non-u.s. jurisdictions for years prior to fiscal year ended march 31, 2014. certain taxing authorities are currently examining our income tax returns for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2015 through march 31, 2018.
net income and earnings per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020, our net income was $404.5 million, as compared to $333.8 million in the prior year. diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2020 was $3.54, as compared to $2.90 for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2019. diluted weighted average shares outstanding of 114.1 million were 1.1 million lower compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily to share repurchases in the last three quarters of fiscal year 2019.
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash requirements have been to fund (i) the development, manufacturing and marketing of our published products, (ii) working capital, (iii) acquisitions and (iv) capital expenditures. we expect to rely on cash and cash equivalents as well as on short-term investments, funds provided by our operating activities, and our credit agreement to satisfy our working capital needs.
short-term investments as of march 31, 2020, we had $644.0 million of short-term investments, which are highly-liquid in nature and represent an investment of cash that is available for current operations. from time to time, we may purchase additional short-term investments depending on future market conditions and liquidity needs. as of march 31, 2020, based on the composition of our investment portfolio and relatively lower interest rates as a result of the recent actions by central banks around the world, including the interest rate cuts by the u.s. federal reserve, in response to the covid-19 pandemic and related adverse economic conditions, we anticipate investment yields may remain low, which would lower our future interest income. such impact is not expected to be material to our liquidity.
credit agreement on february 8, 2019, we entered into an unsecured credit agreement (the "credit agreement"). the credit agreement replaced our existing credit agreement, which was terminated on the same day. the credit agreement runs through february 8, 2024. the credit agreement provides for an unsecured five-year revolving credit facility with commitments of $200,000, including sublimits for (i) the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate face amount of up to $25,000 and (ii) borrowings and letters of credit denominated in pounds sterling, euros and canadian dollars in an aggregate principal amount of up to $25,000. in addition, the credit agreement contains uncommitted incremental capacity permitting the incurrence of up to an additional $250,000 in term loans or revolving credit facilities. loans under the credit agreement will bear interest at a margin of (a) 0.125% to 0.750% above a certain base rate (5.50% at march 31, 2020), or (b) 1.125% to 1.750% above libor (approximately 1.66% at march 31, 2020), which margins are determined by reference to our consolidated total net leverage ratio.
as of march 31, 2020, there was $198.3 million available to borrow under the credit agreement and we had $1.7 million of letters of credit outstanding. at march 31, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement.
the credit agreement also includes, among other terms and conditions, maximum leverage ratio, minimum cash reserves and, in certain circumstances, minimum interest coverage ratio financial covenants, as well as limitations on the company's and each of its subsidiaries' ability to create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness; dispose of assets outside the ordinary course; acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity; create, incur or allow any lien on any of its property; make investments; or pay dividends or make distributions, in each case subject to certain exceptions. in addition, the credit agreement provides for certain events of default such as nonpayment of principal and interest when due thereunder, breaches of representations and warranties, noncompliance with covenants, acts of insolvency and default on indebtedness held by third parties (subject to certain limitations and cure periods).
financial condition we are subject to credit risks, particularly if any of our receivables represent a limited number of customers or are concentrated in foreign markets. if we are unable to collect our accounts receivable as they become due, it could adversely affect our liquidity and working capital position.
generally, we have been able to collect our accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business. we do not hold any collateral to secure payment from customers. we have trade credit insurance on the majority of our customers to mitigate accounts receivable risk.
a majority of our trade receivables are derived from sales to major retailers, including digital storefronts and platform partners, and distributors. our five largest customers accounted for 71.5%, 70.1%, and 70.7% of net revenue during the fiscal years ended march 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. as of march 31, 2020 and 2019, five customers accounted for 58.1% and 66.6% of our gross accounts receivable, respectively. customers that individually accounted for more than 10% of our gross accounts receivable balance comprised 48.8% and 55.8% of such balances at march 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we had two customers who accounted for 29.4% and 19.4% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2020 and two customers who accounted for 40.1%, and 15.7% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2019. we did not have any additional customers that exceeded 10% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2020 and 2019. based upon performing ongoing credit evaluations, maintaining trade credit insurance on a majority of our customers and our past collection experience, we believe that the receivable balances from these largest customers do not represent a significant credit risk, although we actively monitor each customer's credit worthiness and economic conditions that may affect our customers' business and access to capital. we are monitoring the current global economic conditions, including credit markets and other factors as it relates to our customers in order to manage the risk of uncollectible accounts receivable, including as a result of covid-19.
we believe our current cash, short-term investments and projected cash flow from operations, along with availability under our credit agreement will provide us with sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash requirements for working capital, capital expenditures, and commitments on both a short-term and long-term basis. our liquidity and capital resources were not materially affected by the covid-19 pandemic and related volatility and slowdown in the global financial markets during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020. for further discussion regarding the potential future impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and related economic conditions on our business, refer to "part ii, item 1a, risk factors."
as of march 31, 2020, the amount of cash and cash equivalents held outside of the u.s. by our foreign subsidiaries was $573.5 million. these balances are dispersed across various locations around the world. we believe that such dispersion meets the business and liquidity needs of our foreign affiliates. in addition, we expect to have the ability to generate sufficient cash domestically to support ongoing operations for the foreseeable future.
the tax act, as enacted in december 2017 includes a number of provisions, which generally establish a territorial-style system for taxing foreign income of domestic multinational corporations. our current intention is to reinvest indefinitely earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and therefore we have not recorded any tax liabilities associated with the repatriation of foreign earnings.
our board of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to 14.2 million shares of our common stock. under this program, we may purchase shares from time to time through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. repurchases are subject to the availability of stock, prevailing market conditions, the trading price of the stock, our financial performance and other conditions. the program does not require us to repurchase shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time for any reason. during the fiscal years ended march 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, we repurchased zero, 3.7 million, and 1.5 million shares of our common stock, respectively, in the open market for $0.0 million, $362.4 million, and $154.8 million, respectively, including commissions as part of the program. as of march 31, 2020, we had repurchased a total of 10.4 million shares of our common stock under the program, and 3.8 million shares of our common stock remained available for repurchase under the share repurchase program.
our changes in cash flows were as follows:
fiscal year ended march 31,
(thousands of dollars)                                                                                               2020                       2019                          2018
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                        $685,678                      $843,515                      $493,527
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                                                 4,049                     (223,576)                     (271,827)
net cash used in financing activities                                                                                            (77,453)                     (463,685)                     (281,467)
effects of foreign currency exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents                   (10,868)                      (10,639)                        24,924
net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                   $601,406                      $145,615                     $(34,843)
at march 31, 2020, we had 1,993.4 million of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents, compared to 1,392.0 million at march 31, 2019. the increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents from march 31, 2019 was due primarily to net cash provided by operating activities from sales, partially offset by investments in software development and licenses as well as royalty payments, and to a lesser extent net cash from investing activities. these net increases were offset by net cash used in financing activities, which was primarily related to tax payments related to net share settlements of our restricted stock.
contractual obligations and commitments we have entered into various agreements in the ordinary course of business that require substantial cash commitments over the next several years. generally, these include:
software development and licensing:  we make payments to third-party software developers that include contractual payments to developers under several software development agreements that expire at various times through march 2025. our aggregate outstanding software development commitments assume satisfactory performance by third-party software developers. we also have licensing commitments that primarily consist of obligations to holders of intellectual property rights for use of their trademarks, copyrights, technology or other intellectual property rights in the development of our products.
marketing:  we have certain minimum marketing support commitments where we commit to spend specified amounts related to marketing our products. marketing commitments expire at various times through september 2025.
operating leases:  our offices are occupied under non-cancelable operating leases expiring at various times through december 2032. we also lease certain furniture, equipment and automobiles under non-cancelable leases expiring through june 2023. some of the leases have fixed rent increases and also include inducements to enter into the lease. the effect of such amounts are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the related lease term.
purchase obligations: these obligations are primarily related to agreements to purchase services that are enforceable and legally binding on us that specifies all significant terms, including fixed, minimum or variable pricing provisions; and the approximate timing of the transactions, expiring at various times through march 2024.
a summary of annual minimum contractual obligations and commitments as of march 31, 2020 is as follows (in thousands of dollars):
fiscal year ending march 31,             software           marketing           operating                   purchase               total development                                  leases                obligations and licensing
2021      $151,123              $11,891             $34,119                    $38,477              $235,610
2022       144,975               38,881              36,352                     23,910               244,118
2023       150,775               40,914              34,056                     12,503               238,248
2024       122,285               89,260              26,919                      1,239               239,703
2025        69,188               35,528              21,549         947                              127,212
thereafter        52,880               24,788              83,801                          -               161,469
total      $691,226             $241,262            $236,796                    $77,076            $1,246,360
income taxes: at march 31, 2020, we had recorded a liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $30.7 million, for which we are unable to make a reasonable and reliable estimate of the period in which these liabilities will be settled with the respective tax authorities; therefore, these liabilities have not been included in the contractual obligations table.
legal and other proceedings: we are, or may become, subject to demands and claims (including intellectual property and employment related claims) and are involved in routine litigation in the ordinary course of business which we do not believe to be material to our business or financial statements. we have appropriately accrued amounts related to certain of these claims and legal and other proceedings. while it is reasonably possible that a loss may be incurred in excess of the amounts accrued in our financial statements, we believe that such losses, unless otherwise disclosed, would not be material.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of march 31, 2020 and 2019, we did not have any material relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial parties, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. as such, we are not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.
international operations net revenue earned outside of the united states is principally generated by our operations in europe, asia, australia, canada and latin america. for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, 42.5%, 46.5% and 41.3%, respectively, of our net revenue was earned outside the united states. we are subject to risks inherent in foreign trade, including increased credit risks, tariffs and duties, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, shipping delays and international political, regulatory and economic developments, all of which can have a significant effect on our operating results.
fluctuations in quarterly operating results and seasonality we have experienced fluctuations in quarterly and annual operating results as a result of the timing of the introduction of new titles, variations in sales of titles developed for particular platforms, market acceptance of our titles, development and promotional expenses relating to the introduction of new titles, sequels or enhancements of existing titles, projected and actual changes in platforms, the timing and success of title introductions by our competitors, product returns, changes in pricing policies by us and our competitors, the accuracy of retailers' forecasts of consumer demand, the size and timing of acquisitions, the timing of orders from major customers, and order cancellations and delays in product shipment. sales of our products are also seasonal, with peak demand typically occurring in the fourth calendar quarter during the holiday season. for certain of our software products with multiple performance obligations, we defer the recognition of our net revenue over an estimated service period which generally ranges from 6 to 15 months. as a result, the quarter in which we generate the highest net bookings may be different from the quarter in which we recognize the highest amount of net revenue. quarterly comparisons of operating results are not necessarily indicative of future operating results.
