item 1a.   risk factors

we are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, many of which are described below and elsewhere in this annual report. any of the events described below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also impact our business and results of operations.
a significant portion of our revenue is produced by facilities located in texas, nevada and california.
texas: we own 7 inpatient acute care hospitals and 22 inpatient behavioral healthcare facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 16% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2019 and 2018 and 15% in 2017.  on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 14% in 2019, 12% in 2018 and 11% in 2017, of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest.
nevada: we own 8 inpatient acute care hospitals and 4 inpatient behavioral healthcare facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 18% of our consolidated net revenues during 2019 and 17% during each of 2018 and 2017.  on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 23% in 2019, 24% in 2018 and 20% in 2017, of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest.
california: we own 5 inpatient acute care hospitals and 8 inpatient behavioral healthcare facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 11% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2019, 2018 and 2017. on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 17% in 2019, 16% in 2018 and 13% in 2017 of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest.
the significant portion of our revenues and earnings derived from these facilities makes us particularly sensitive to legislative, regulatory, economic, environmental and competition changes in texas, nevada and california. any material change in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, environmental or competitive conditions in these states could have a disproportionate effect on our overall business results.
our revenues and results of operations are significantly affected by payments received from the government and other third party payers.
we derive a significant portion of our revenue from third-party payers, including the medicare and medicaid programs. changes in these government programs in recent years have resulted in limitations on reimbursement and, in some cases, reduced levels of reimbursement for healthcare services. payments from federal and state government programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations, requirements for utilization review, and federal and state funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease program payments, as well as affect the cost of providing service to patients and the timing of payments to facilities. we are unable to predict the effect of recent and future policy changes on
12
our operations. in addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon federal and state governments as a result of, among other things, deterioration in general economic conditions and the funding requirements from the federal healthcare reform legislation, may affect the availability of taxpayer funds for medicare and medicaid programs. in addition, the vast majority of the net revenues generated at our behavioral health facilities located in the united kingdom are derived from governmental payers. if the rates paid or the scope of services covered by governmental payers in the united states or united kingdom are reduced, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
we receive medicaid revenues in excess of $100 million annually from each of california, texas, nevada, washington, d.c., pennsylvania and illinois, making us particularly sensitive to reductions in medicaid and other state based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states.
in addition to changes in government reimbursement programs, our ability to negotiate favorable contracts with private payers, including managed care organizations, significantly affects the revenues and operating results of our hospitals. private payers, including managed care organizations, increasingly are demanding that we accept lower rates of payment.
we expect continued third-party efforts to aggressively manage reimbursement levels and cost controls. reductions in reimbursement amounts received from third-party payers could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and our results of operations.
reductions or changes in medicare and medicaid funding could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the budget control act of 2011 (the "budget control act") mandated significant reductions in federal spending for fiscal years 2012-2021, including a reduction of 2% on all medicare payments during this period. subsequent legislation enacted by congress extended these reductions through 2029. there is a substantial risk that congress could act to extend or increase these across-the-board reductions.  the proposed 2020 federal budget calls for an $845 billion reduction in medicare spending and a $1.5 trillion reduction in medicaid spending over the next decade.  it is impossible to predict what portion, if any, of these proposed federal health care spending reductions will be included in a congressionally approved budget. please see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, sources of revenue-medicare, for additional disclosure.
beginning in 2020 and continuing through 2025, the medicaid disproportionate share hospital ("dsh") allotment to the states from federal funds will be reduced. such reductions have been delayed several times, most recently under the further consolidated appropriations act, 2020, which further delays the dsh through may 23, 2020. commencing in 2020 and continuing through 2025, a state's medicaid dsh allotment from federal funds will be reduced. initially, dsh payments will be reduced by $4 billion in 2020, and then $8 billion per year between 2021 and 2025. reductions are imposed on states based on percentage of uninsured individuals, medicaid utilization, and uncompensated care.
we are subject to uncertainties regarding health care reform.
on march 23, 2010, president obama signed into law the patient protection and affordable care act (the "legislation"). two primary goals of the legislation are to provide for increased access to coverage for healthcare and to reduce healthcare-related expenses.
although it was expected that as a result of the legislation there would be a reduction in uninsured patients, which would reduce our expense from uncollectible accounts receivable, the legislation makes a number of other changes to medicare and medicaid which we believe may have an adverse impact on us. it has been projected that the legislation will result in a net reduction in medicare and medicaid payments to hospitals totaling $155 billion over 10 years. the legislation revises reimbursement under the medicare and medicaid programs to emphasize the efficient delivery of high quality care and contains a number of incentives and penalties under these programs to achieve these goals. the legislation implements a value-based purchasing program, which will reward the delivery of efficient care. conversely, certain facilities will receive reduced reimbursement for failing to meet quality parameters; such hospitals will include those with excessive readmission or hospital-acquired condition rates.  it remains unclear what portions of that legislation may remain, or what any replacement or alternative programs may be created by future legislation.
a 2012 u.s. supreme court ruling limited the federal government's ability to expand health insurance coverage by holding unconstitutional sections of the legislation that sought to withdraw federal funding for state noncompliance with certain medicaid coverage requirements. pursuant to that decision, the federal government may not penalize states that choose not to participate in the medicaid expansion program by reducing their existing medicaid funding. therefore, states can choose to accept or not to participate without risking the loss of federal medicaid funding. as a result, many states, including texas, have not expanded their medicaid programs without the threat of loss of federal funding. cms has granted, and is expected to grant additional, section 1115
13
demonstration waivers providing for work and community engagement requirements for certain medicaid eligible individuals.  cms has also released guidance to states interested in receiving their medicaid funding through a block grant mechanism.  it is anticipated this will lead to reductions in coverage, and likely increases in uncompensated care, in states where these demonstration waivers are granted.
the various provisions in the legislation that directly or indirectly affect medicare and medicaid reimbursement are scheduled to take effect over a number of years. the impact of the legislation on healthcare providers will be subject to implementing regulations, interpretive guidance and possible future legislation or legal challenges. certain legislation provisions, such as that creating the medicare shared savings program creates uncertainty in how healthcare may be reimbursed by federal programs in the future. thus, we cannot predict the impact of the legislation on our future reimbursement at this time and we can provide no assurance that the legislation will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the legislation also contained provisions aimed at reducing fraud and abuse in healthcare. the legislation amends several existing laws, including the federal anti-kickback statute and the false claims act, making it easier for government agencies and private plaintiffs to prevail in lawsuits brought against healthcare providers. while congress had previously revised the intent requirement of the anti-kickback statute to provide that a person is not required to "have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of" the anti-kickback statute in order to be found in violation of such law, the legislation also provides that any claims for items or services that violate the anti-kickback statute are also considered false claims for purposes of the federal civil false claims act. the legislation provides that a healthcare provider that retains an overpayment in excess of 60 days is subject to the federal civil false claims act, although certain final regulations implementing this statutory requirement remain pending. the legislation also expands the recovery audit contractor program to medicaid. these amendments also make it easier for severe fines and penalties to be imposed on healthcare providers that violate applicable laws and regulations.
we have partnered with local physicians in the ownership of certain of our facilities. these investments have been permitted under an exception to the physician self-referral law. the legislation permits existing physician investments in a hospital to continue under a "grandfather" clause if the arrangement satisfies certain requirements and restrictions, but physicians are prohibited from increasing the aggregate percentage of their ownership in the hospital. the legislation also imposes certain compliance and disclosure requirements upon existing physician-owned hospitals and restricts the ability of physician-owned hospitals to expand the capacity of their facilities.  as discussed below, should the legislation be repealed in its entirety, this aspect of the legislation would also be repealed restoring physician ownership of hospitals and expansion right to its position and practice as it existed prior to the legislation.
the impact of the legislation on each of our hospitals may vary. because legislation provisions are effective at various times over the next several years, we anticipate that many of the provisions in the legislation may be subject to further revision. initiatives to repeal the legislation, in whole or in part, to delay elements of implementation or funding, and to offer amendments or supplements to modify its provisions have been persistent. the ultimate outcomes of legislative attempts to repeal or amend the legislation and legal challenges to the legislation are unknown. legislation has already been enacted that has eliminated the penalty for failing to maintain health coverage that was part of the original legislation. in addition, congress has considered legislation that would, if enacted, in material part: (i) eliminate the large employer mandate to obtain or provide health insurance coverage, respectively; (ii) permit insurers to impose a surcharge up to 30 percent on individuals who go uninsured for more than two months and then purchase coverage; (iii) provide tax credits towards the purchase of health insurance, with a phase-out of tax credits accordingly to income level; (iv) expand health savings accounts; (v) impose a per capita cap on federal funding of state medicaid programs, or, if elected by a state, transition federal funding to block grants, and; (vi) permit states to seek a waiver of certain federal requirements that would allow such state to define essential health benefits differently from federal standards and that would allow certain commercial health plans to take health status, including pre-existing conditions, into account in setting premiums.
in addition to legislative changes, the legislation can be significantly impacted by executive branch actions.  in relevant part, president trump has already taken executive actions: (i) requiring all federal agencies with authorities and responsibilities under the legislation to "exercise all authority and discretion available to them to waiver, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay" parts of the legislation that place "unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens" on states, individuals or health care providers; (ii) the issuance of a final rule in june, 2018 by the department of labor to enable the formation of association health plans that would be exempt from certain legislation requirements such as the provision of essential health benefits; (iii) the issuance of a final rule in august, 2018 by the department of labor, treasury, and health and human services to expand the availability of short-term, limited duration health insurance, (iv) eliminating cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers that would otherwise offset deductibles and other out-of-pocket expenses for health plan enrollees at or below 250 percent of the federal poverty level; (v) relaxing requirements for state innovation waivers that could reduce enrollment in the individual and small group markets and lead to additional enrollment in short-term, limited duration insurance and association health plans; and (vi) the issuance of a final rule by the department of labor, treasury, and health and human services that would incentivize the use of health reimbursement accounts by employers to permit employees to purchase health insurance in the individual market. the uncertainty resulting from these executive branch policies has led to reduced exchange
14
enrollment in 2018, 2019 and 2020 is expected to further worsen the individual and small group market risk pools in future years.  it is also anticipated that these and future policies may create additional cost and reimbursement pressures on hospitals.
it remains unclear what portions of the legislation may remain, or whether any replacement or alternative programs may be created by any future legislation.  any such future repeal or replacement may have significant impact on the reimbursement for healthcare services generally, and may create reimbursement for services competing with the services offered by our hospitals.  accordingly, there can be no assurance that the adoption of any future federal or state healthcare reform legislation will not have a negative financial impact on our hospitals, including their ability to compete with alternative healthcare services funded by such potential legislation, or for our hospitals to receive payment for services.
while attempts to repeal the entirety of the legislation have not been successful to date, a key provision of the legislation was repealed as part of the tax cuts and jobs act and, on december 14, 2018, a federal u.s. district court judge in texas ruled the entire legislation is unconstitutional. the court concluded that the individual mandate is no longer permissible under congress's taxing power as a result of the tax cut and jobs act of 2017 reducing the individual mandate's tax to $0 (i.e., it no longer produces revenue, which is an essential feature of a tax), rendering the legislation unconstitutional.  the court also held that because the individual mandate is "essential" to the legislation and is inseverable from the rest of the law, the entire legislation is unconstitutional. because the court issued a declaratory judgment and did not enjoin the law, the legislation remains in place pending its appeal.  the district court for the northern district of texas ruling was appealed to the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit. on december 18, 2019, the 5th circuit court of appeals' three-judge panel voted 2-1 to strike down the legislation individual mandate as unconstitutional. the 5th circuit court also sent the case back to the texas district court to determine which legislation provisions should be stricken with the mandate or whether the entire law is unconstitutional without the individual mandate. it is likely this matter will ultimately be appealed to the united states supreme court.  these rulings have caused greater uncertainty regarding the future status of the legislation.  if all or any parts of the legislation are found to be unconstitutional, it could have a material adverse effect on hospitals.  if rates paid or the scope of services covered by government payers are reduced, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
we are required to treat patients with emergency medical conditions regardless of ability to pay.
in accordance with our internal policies and procedures, as well as the emergency medical treatment and active labor act, or emtala, we provide a medical screening examination to any individual who comes to one of our hospitals while in active labor and/or seeking medical treatment (whether or not such individual is eligible for insurance benefits and regardless of ability to pay) to determine if such individual has an emergency medical condition. if it is determined that such person has an emergency medical condition, we provide such further medical examination and treatment as is required to stabilize the patient's medical condition, within the facility's capability, or arrange for transfer of such individual to another medical facility in accordance with applicable law and the treating hospital's written procedures. our obligations under emtala may increase substantially going forward; cms has sought stakeholder comments concerning the potential applicability of emtala to hospital inpatients and the responsibilities of hospitals with specialized capabilities, respectively, but has yet to issue further guidance in response to that request. if the number of indigent and charity care patients with emergency medical conditions we treat increases significantly, or if regulations expanding our obligations to inpatients under emtala is proposed and adopted, our results of operations will be harmed.
if we are not able to provide high quality medical care at a reasonable price, patients may choose to receive their health care from our competitors.
in recent years, the number of quality measures that hospitals are required to report publicly has increased. cms publishes performance data related to quality measures and data on patient satisfaction surveys that hospitals submit in connection with the medicare program. federal law provides for the future expansion of the number of quality measures that must be reported. additionally, the legislation requires all hospitals to annually establish, update and make public a list of their standard charges for products and services. if any of our hospitals achieve poor results on the quality measures or patient satisfaction surveys (or results that are lower than our competitors) or if our standard charges are higher than our competitors, our patient volume could decline because patients may elect to use competing hospitals or other health care providers that have better metrics and pricing. this circumstance could harm our business and results of operations.
an increase in uninsured and underinsured patients in our acute care facilities or the deterioration in the collectability of the accounts of such patients could harm our results of operations.
collection of receivables from third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the bill that is the patient's responsibility, which primarily includes co-payments and deductibles. however, we also have substantial receivables due to us from certain state-based funding programs. we estimate our provisions for doubtful accounts based on general factors such as payer mix, the agings of the receivables, historical collection experience and assessment of probability of future collections. we routinely review accounts
15
receivable balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions that might ultimately affect the collectability of the patient accounts and make adjustments to our allowances as warranted. significant changes in business office operations, payer mix, economic conditions or trends in federal and state governmental health coverage could affect our collection of accounts receivable, cash flow and results of operations. if we experience unexpected increases in the growth of uninsured and underinsured patients or in bad debt expenses, our results of operations will be harmed.
our hospitals face competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers.
the healthcare industry is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals, and other healthcare providers for patients and physicians has intensified in recent years. in all of the geographical areas in which we operate, there are other hospitals that provide services comparable to those offered by our hospitals. some of our competitors include hospitals that are owned by tax-supported governmental agencies or by nonprofit corporations and may be supported by endowments and charitable contributions and exempt from property, sales and income taxes. such exemptions and support are not available to us.
in some markets, certain of our competitors may have greater financial resources, be better equipped and offer a broader range of services than we offer. the number of inpatient facilities, as well as outpatient surgical and diagnostic centers, many of which are fully or partially owned by physicians, in the geographic areas in which we operate has increased significantly. as a result, most of our hospitals operate in an increasingly competitive environment.
we also operate health care facilities in the united kingdom where the national health service (the "nhs") is the principal provider of healthcare services. in addition to the nhs, we face competition in the united kingdom from independent sector providers and other publicly funded entities for patients.
if our competitors are better able to attract patients, recruit physicians and other healthcare professionals, expand services or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their facilities, we may experience a decline in patient volume and our business may be harmed.
our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians.
typically, physicians are responsible for making hospital admissions decisions and for directing the course of patient treatment. as a result, the success and competitive advantage of our hospitals depends, in part, on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admitting practices of those physicians and our maintenance of good relations with those physicians. physicians generally are not employees of our hospitals, and, in a number of our markets, physicians have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. they may terminate their affiliation with us at any time. if we are unable to provide high ethical and professional standards, adequate support personnel and technologically advanced equipment and facilities that meet the needs of those physicians, they may be discouraged from referring patients to our facilities and our results of operations may decline.
it may become difficult for us to attract and retain an adequate number of physicians to practice in certain of the non-urban communities in which our hospitals are located. our failure to recruit physicians to these communities or the loss of physicians in these communities could make it more difficult to attract patients to our hospitals and thereby may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
generally, the top ten attending physicians within each of our facilities represent a large share of our inpatient revenues and admissions. the loss of one or more of these physicians, even if temporary, could cause a material reduction in our revenues, which could take significant time to replace given the difficulty and cost associated with recruiting and retaining physicians.
if we do not continually enhance our hospitals with the most recent technological advances in diagnostic and surgical equipment, our ability to maintain and expand our markets will be adversely affected.
the technology used in medical equipment and related devices is constantly evolving and, as a result, manufacturers and distributors continue to offer new and upgraded products to health care providers. to compete effectively, we must continually assess our equipment needs and upgrade when significant technological advances occur. if our facilities do not stay current with technological advances in the health care industry, patients may seek treatment from other providers and/or physicians may refer their patients to alternate sources, which could adversely affect our results of operations and harm our business.
16
if we fail to continue to meet the promoting interoperability criteria related to electronic health record systems ("ehr"), our operations could be harmed.
pursuant to hitech regulations, hospitals that did not qualify as a meaningful user of ehr by 2015 were subject to a reduced market basket update to the inpatient prospective payment system ("ipps") standardized amount in 2015 and each subsequent fiscal year. in the 2019 ipps final rule, cms re-named the meaningful use program to "promoting interoperability".  we believe that all of our acute care hospitals have met the applicable promoting interoperability criteria and therefore are not subject to a reduced market basked update to the ipps standardized amount. however, under the hitech act, hospitals must continue to meet the applicable criteria in each fiscal year or they will be subject to a market basket update reduction in a subsequent fiscal year. failure of our acute care hospitals to continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria would have an adverse effect on our future net revenues and results of operations.
our performance depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified nurses and medical support staff and we face competition for staffing that may increase our labor costs and harm our results of operations.
we depend on the efforts, abilities, and experience of our medical support personnel, including our nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians and other healthcare professionals. we compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified hospital management, nurses and other medical personnel.
the nationwide shortage of nurses and other medical support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. this shortage may require us to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel or require us to hire expensive temporary personnel. in addition, in some markets like california, there are requirements to maintain specified nurse-staffing levels. to the extent we cannot meet those levels, we may be required to limit the healthcare services provided in these markets, which would have a corresponding adverse effect on our net operating revenues.
we cannot predict the degree to which we will be affected by the future availability or cost of attracting and retaining talented medical support staff. if our general labor and related expenses increase, we may not be able to raise our rates correspondingly. our failure to either recruit and retain qualified hospital management, nurses and other medical support personnel or control our labor costs could harm our results of operations.
increased labor union activity is another factor that could adversely affect our labor costs. union organizing activities and certain potential changes in federal labor laws and regulations could increase the likelihood of employee unionization in the future, to the extent a greater portion of our employee base unionized, it is possible our labor costs could increase materially.
if we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations that could reduce our revenue and profitability.
the healthcare industry is required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things: hospital billing practices and prices for services; relationships with physicians and other referral sources; adequacy of medical care and quality of medical equipment and services; ownership of facilities; qualifications of medical and support personnel; confidentiality, maintenance, privacy and security issues associated with health-related information and patient medical records; the screening, stabilization and transfer of patients who have emergency medical conditions; certification, licensure and accreditation of our facilities; operating policies and procedures, and; construction or expansion of facilities and services.
among these laws are the federal false claims act, the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, ("hipaa"), the federal anti-kickback statute and the provision of the social security act commonly known as the "stark law." these laws, and particularly the anti-kickback statute and the stark law, impact the relationships that we may have with physicians and other referral sources. we have a variety of financial relationships with physicians who refer patients to our facilities, including employment contracts, leases and professional service agreements. we also provide financial incentives, including minimum revenue guarantees, to recruit physicians into communities served by our hospitals. the office of the inspector general of the department of health and human services, or oig, has enacted safe harbor regulations that outline practices that are deemed protected from prosecution under the anti-kickback statute. a number of our current arrangements, including financial relationships with physicians and other referral sources, may not qualify for safe harbor protection under the anti-kickback statute. failure to meet a safe harbor does not mean that the arrangement necessarily violates the anti-kickback statute, but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny. we cannot assure that practices that are outside of a safe harbor will not be found to violate the anti-kickback statute. cms published a medicare self-referral disclosure protocol, which is intended to allow providers to self-disclose actual or potential violations of the stark law. because there are only a few judicial decisions interpreting the stark law, there can be no assurance that our hospitals will not be found in violation of the stark law or that self-disclosure of a potential violation would result in reduced penalties.
17
federal regulations issued under hipaa contain provisions that require us to implement and, in the future, may require us to implement additional costly electronic media security systems and to adopt new business practices designed to protect the privacy and security of each of our patient's health and related financial information. such privacy and security regulations impose extensive administrative, physical and technical requirements on us, restrict our use and disclosure of certain patient health and financial information, provide patients with rights with respect to their health information and require us to enter into contracts extending many of the privacy and security regulatory requirements to third parties that perform duties on our behalf. additionally, recent changes to hipaa regulations may result in greater compliance requirements, including obligations to report breaches of unsecured patient data, as well as create new liabilities for the actions of parties acting as business associates on our behalf.
these laws and regulations are extremely complex, and, in many cases, we do not have the benefit of regulatory or judicial interpretation. in the future, it is possible that different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. a determination that we have violated one or more of these laws (see item 3-legal proceedings), or the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of one or more of these laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and our business reputation could suffer significantly. in addition, we cannot predict whether other legislation or regulations at the federal or state level will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be. see item 1 business-self-referral and anti-kickback legislation.
if we are deemed to have failed to comply with the anti-kickback statute, the stark law or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil penalties (including the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities), and exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the medicare, medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. the imposition of such penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we also operate health care facilities in the united kingdom and have operations and commercial relationships with companies in other foreign jurisdictions and, as a result, are subject to certain u.s. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption laws. the foreign corrupt practices act regulates u.s. companies in their dealings with foreign officials, prohibiting bribes and similar practices, and requires that they maintain records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and appropriate internal accounting controls. in addition, the united kingdom bribery act has wide jurisdiction over certain activities that affect the united kingdom.
our operations in the united kingdom are also subject to a high level of regulation relating to registration and licensing requirements employee regulation, clinical standards, environmental rules as well as other areas. we are also subject to a highly regulated business environment, and failure to comply with the various laws and regulations, applicable to us could lead to substantial penalties, and other adverse effects on our business.
we are subject to occupational health, safety and other similar regulations and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our business and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local occupational health and safety laws and regulations. regulatory requirements affecting us include, but are not limited to, those covering: (i) air and water quality control; (ii) occupational health and safety (e.g., standards regarding blood-borne pathogens and ergonomics, etc.); (iii) waste management; (iv) the handling of asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and radioactive substances; and (v) other hazardous materials. if we fail to comply with those standards, we may be subject to sanctions and penalties that could harm our business and results of operations.
we may be subject to liabilities from claims brought against our facilities.
we are subject to medical malpractice lawsuits, product liability lawsuits, class action lawsuits and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. some of these actions may involve large claims, as well as significant defense costs. we cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits or the effect that findings in such lawsuits may have on us. in an effort to resolve one or more of these matters, we may choose to negotiate a settlement. amounts we pay to settle any of these matters may be material. all professional and general liability insurance we purchase is subject to policy limitations. we believe that, based on our past experience and actuarial estimates, our insurance coverage is adequate considering the claims arising from the operations of our hospitals. while we continuously monitor our coverage, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates. if such policy limitations should be partially or fully exhausted in the future, or payments of claims exceed our estimates or are not covered by our insurance, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
18
we may be subject to governmental investigations, regulatory actions and whistleblower lawsuits.
the federal false claims act permits private parties to bring qui tam, or whistleblower, lawsuits against companies. whistleblower provisions allow private individuals to bring actions on behalf of the government alleging that the defendant has defrauded the federal government. these private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the government, and, as a result, the number of whistleblower lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased significantly in recent years. because qui tam lawsuits are filed under seal, we could be named in one or more such lawsuits of which we are not aware. please see item 3. legal proceedings for disclosure of current related matters.
the failure of certain employers, or the closure of certain facilities, could have a disproportionate impact on our hospitals.
the economies in the communities in which our hospitals operate are often dependent on a small number of large employers. those employers often provide income and health insurance for a disproportionately large number of community residents who may depend on our hospitals and other health care facilities for their care. the failure of one or more large employer or the closure or substantial reduction in the number of individuals employed at facilities located in or near the communities where our hospitals operate, could cause affected employees to move elsewhere to seek employment or lose insurance coverage that was otherwise available to them. the occurrence of these events could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations, thereby harming our business.
if any of our existing health care facilities lose their accreditation or any of our new facilities fail to receive accreditation, such facilities could become ineligible to receive reimbursement under medicare or medicaid.
the construction and operation of healthcare facilities are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, equipment, personnel, operating policies and procedures, fire prevention, rate-setting and compliance with building codes and environmental protection. additionally, such facilities are subject to periodic inspection by government authorities to assure their continued compliance with these various standards.
all of our hospitals are deemed certified, meaning that they are accredited, properly licensed under the relevant state laws and regulations and certified under the medicare program. the effect of maintaining certified facilities is to allow such facilities to participate in the medicare and medicaid programs. we believe that all of our healthcare facilities are in material compliance with applicable federal, state, local and other relevant regulations and standards. however, should any of our healthcare facilities lose their deemed certified status and thereby lose certification under the medicare or medicaid programs, such facilities would be unable to receive reimbursement from either of those programs and our business could be materially adversely effected.
our growth strategy depends, in part, on acquisitions, and we may not be able to continue to make acquisitions that meet our target criteria. we may also have difficulties acquiring hospitals from not-for-profit entities due to regulatory scrutiny.
acquisitions in select markets are a key element of our growth strategy. we face competition for acquisition candidates primarily from other for-profit healthcare companies, as well as from not-for-profit entities. some of our competitors have greater resources than we do. also, suitable acquisitions may not be accomplished due to unfavorable terms.
in addition, many states have enacted, or are considering enacting, laws that affect the conversion or sale of not-for-profit hospitals to for-profit entities. these laws generally require prior approval from the state attorney general, advance notification and community involvement. in addition, attorneys general in states without specific conversion legislation may exercise discretionary authority over such transactions. although the level of government involvement varies from state to state, the trend is to provide for increased governmental review and, in some cases, approval of a transaction in which a not-for-profit entity sells a healthcare facility to a for-profit entity. the adoption of new or expanded conversion legislation, increased review of not-for-profit hospital conversions or our inability to effectively compete against other potential purchasers could make it more difficult for us to acquire additional hospitals, increase our acquisition costs or make it difficult for us to acquire hospitals that meet our target acquisition criteria, any of which could adversely affect our growth strategy and results of operations.
further, an acquisition could result in a dilutive effect on our results of operations, depending on various factors, including the amount paid for the acquisition, the acquired properties results of operations, allocation of the purchase price, effects of subsequent legislation and limits on rate increases.
we may fail to improve or integrate the operations of the assets we acquire, which could harm our results of operations and adversely affect our growth strategy.
we may be unable to timely and effectively integrate the assets or entities that we acquire with our ongoing operations. we may experience delays in implementing operating procedures and systems in newly acquired operations. integrating an acquisition could be
19
expensive and time consuming and could disrupt our ongoing business, negatively affect cash flow and distract management and other key personnel. in addition, acquisition activity requires transitions from, and the integration of, operations and, usually, information systems that are used by acquired operations. in addition, some of the acquisitions we have made had significantly lower operating margins than the assets we operated prior to the time of our acquisition. if we fail to improve the operating margins of the operations we acquire, operate such assets profitably or effectively integrate the acquired operations, our results of operations could be harmed.
the trend toward value-based purchasing may negatively impact our revenues.
we believe that value-based purchasing initiatives of both governmental and private payers tying financial incentives to quality and efficiency of care will increasingly affect the results of operations of our hospitals and other healthcare facilities and may negatively impact our revenues if we are unable to meet expected quality standards. the legislation contains a number of provisions intended to promote value-based purchasing in federal healthcare programs. medicare now requires providers to report certain quality measures in order to receive full reimbursement increases for inpatient and outpatient procedures that were previously awarded automatically. in addition, hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards will receive increased reimbursement payments, and hospitals that have "excess readmissions" for specified conditions will receive reduced reimbursement. furthermore, medicare no longer pays hospitals additional amounts for the treatment of certain hospital-acquired conditions unless the conditions were present at admission. beginning in federal fiscal year 2015, hospitals that rank in the worst 25% of all hospitals nationally for hospital acquired conditions in the previous year were subject to reduced medicare reimbursements. the legislation also prohibits the use of federal funds under the medicaid program to reimburse providers for treating certain provider-preventable conditions.
there is a trend among private payers toward value-based purchasing of healthcare services, as well. many large commercial payers require hospitals to report quality data, and several of these payers will not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events. we expect value-based purchasing programs, including programs that condition reimbursement on patient outcome measures, to become more common and to involve a higher percentage of reimbursement amounts. we are unable at this time to predict how this trend will affect our results of operations, but it could negatively impact our revenues if we are unable to meet quality standards established by both governmental and private payers.
if we acquire assets or entities with unknown or contingent liabilities, we could become liable for material obligations.
assets or entities that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to, liabilities for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. although we typically attempt to exclude significant liabilities from our acquisition transactions and seek indemnification from the sellers for these matters, we could experience difficulty enforcing those obligations or we could incur material liabilities for the past activities of assets or entities we acquire. such liabilities and related legal or other costs and/or resulting damage to an acquired asset's or entities' reputation could harm our business.
we are subject to pending legal actions, purported stockholder class actions, governmental investigations and regulatory actions.
we, our subsidiaries, psi, and its subsidiaries, are subject to pending legal actions, governmental investigations and regulatory actions (see item 3-legal proceedings).
defending ourselves against the allegations in the lawsuits and governmental investigations, or similar matters and any related publicity, could potentially entail significant costs and could require significant attention from our management and our reputation could suffer significantly. we are unable to predict the outcome of these matters or to reasonably estimate the amount or range of any such loss; however, these lawsuits and the related publicity and news articles that have been published concerning these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows which in turn could cause a decline in our stock price.
we are and may become subject to other loss contingencies, both known and unknown, which may relate to past, present and future facts, events, circumstances and occurrences. should an unfavorable outcome occur in some or all of our legal proceedings or other loss contingencies, or if successful claims and other actions are brought against us in the future, there could be a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
in particular, government investigations, as well as qui tam and stockholder lawsuits, may lead to material fines, penalties, damages payments or other sanctions, including exclusion from government healthcare programs. settlements of lawsuits involving medicare and medicaid issues routinely require both monetary payments and corporate integrity agreements, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.
20
state efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to expand.
many of the states in which we operate hospitals have enacted certificates of need, or ("con"), laws as a condition prior to hospital capital expenditures, construction, expansion, modernization or initiation of major new services. our failure to obtain necessary state approval could result in our inability to complete a particular hospital acquisition, expansion or replacement, make a facility ineligible to receive reimbursement under the medicare or medicaid programs, result in the revocation of a facility's license or impose civil or criminal penalties on us, any of which could harm our business.
in addition, significant con reforms have been proposed in a number of states that would increase the capital spending thresholds and provide exemptions of various services from review requirements. in the past, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from those requirements, but we cannot predict the impact of these changes upon our operations.
controls designed to reduce inpatient services and increasing rates of "denials" may reduce our revenues.
controls imposed by third-party payers designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as "utilization review," have affected and are expected to continue to affect our facilities. utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by managed care plans. inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payer-required preadmission authorization and utilization review and by payer pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less acutely ill patients. efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. in addition, we have been experiencing increasing rates of denied claims ("denials") from managed care payers which have reduced our net revenues and increased our operating costs as we devote additional resources to enhanced documentation and collection efforts.  although we cannot predict the effect these factors will have on our operations, significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed, and reimbursements withheld due to denials, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
our revenues and volume trends may be adversely affected by certain factors over which we have no control.
our revenues and volume trends are dependent on many factors, including physicians' clinical decisions and availability, payer programs shifting to a more outpatient-based environment, whether or not certain services are offered, seasonal and severe weather conditions, including the effects of extreme low temperatures, hurricanes and tornados, earthquakes, climate change, current local economic and demographic changes. in addition, technological developments and pharmaceutical improvements may reduce the demand for healthcare services or the profitability of the services we offer.
a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of a contagious disease in the markets in which we operate or that otherwise impacts our facilities could adversely impact our business.
if a pandemic or other public health crisis were to affect our markets, such as a major breakout of the coronavirus in the united states or the united kingdom, our business could be adversely affected. such a crisis could diminish the public trust in healthcare facilities, especially hospitals that fail to accurately or timely diagnose, or that are treating (or have treated) patients affected by contagious diseases. if any of our facilities were involved in treating patients for such a contagious disease, other patients might cancel elective procedures or fail to seek needed care at our facilities. further, a pandemic might adversely impact our business by causing a temporary shutdown or diversion of patients, by disrupting or delaying production and delivery of materials and products in the supply chain or by causing staffing shortages in our facilities. although we have disaster plans in place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, the potential impact of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of a contagious disease with respect to our markets or our facilities is difficult to predict and could adversely impact our business.
a worsening of economic and employment conditions in the united states could materially affect our business and future results of operations.
our patient volumes, revenues and financial results depend significantly on the universe of patients with health insurance, which to a large extent is dependent on the employment status of individuals in our markets. worsening of economic conditions may result in a higher unemployment rate which may increase the number of individuals without health insurance. as a result, our facilities may experience a decrease in patient volumes, particularly in less intense, more elective service lines, or an increase in services provided to uninsured patients. these factors could have a material unfavorable impact on our future patient volumes, revenues and operating results.
in addition, as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $3.9 billion of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. should the revenues and financial results of our acute care and/or behavioral health care facilities be materially, unfavorably impacted due to, among other things, a worsening of the economic and employment conditions in the united states that could negatively impact our patient volumes and reimbursement rates, a continued rise in the unemployment rate and continued increases in
21
the number of uninsured patients treated at our facilities, we may incur future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
legal uncertainty or a worsening of the economic conditions in the united kingdom could materially affect our business and future results of operations.
on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom affirmatively voted in a non-binding referendum in favor of the exit of the united kingdom from the european union (the "brexit") and it was approved by vote of the british legislature. on march 29, 2017, the united kingdom triggered article 50 of the lisbon treaty, formally starting negotiations regarding its exit from the european union. on january 31, 2020 the united kingdom formally exited the european union. the united kingdom and european union will now enter into a transition period in which the terms of the future relationship must be negotiated. the outcome of these negotiations is uncertain, and we do not know to what extent brexit will ultimately impact the business and regulatory environment in the united kingdom, the european union, or other countries. the united kingdom will continue to follow european union rules through at least december 31, 2020 (the "transition period").  the transition period may be extended through december 31, 2022.
in the absence of a future trade deal, following the expiration of the transition period, the united kingdom's trade with the european union and the rest of the world would be subject to tariffs and duties set by the world trade organization. these changes to the trading relationship between the united kingdom and the european union would likely result in increased cost of goods imported into the united kingdom. additional currency volatility could result in a weaker british pound, which may decrease the profitability of our operations in the united kingdom. a weaker british pound versus the u.s. dollar also causes local currency results of our united kingdom operations to be translated into fewer u.s. dollars during a reporting period.
brexit could lead to legal and regulatory uncertainty as the united kingdom determines which european union laws to replace or replicate. brexit could also lead to increased legal and regulatory complexity as national laws and regulations in the united kingdom start to diverge from european union laws and regulations. the exit of the united kingdom from the european union could also create future economic uncertainty, both in the united kingdom and globally and could cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding our business. any of these effects of brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.
fluctuations in our operating results, quarter to quarter earnings and other factors may result in decreases in the price of our common stock.
the stock markets have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to operating performance. these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and, as a result, there may be significant volatility in the market price of our common stock. if we are unable to operate our hospitals as profitably as we have in the past or as our stockholders expect us to in the future, the market price of our common stock will likely decline as stockholders could sell shares of our common stock when it becomes apparent that the market expectations may not be realized.
in addition to our operating results, many economic and seasonal factors outside of our control could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock and increase fluctuations in our quarterly earnings. these factors include certain of the risks discussed herein, demographic changes, operating results of other hospital companies, changes in our financial estimates or recommendations of securities analysts, speculation in the press or investment community, the possible effects of war, terrorist and other hostilities, adverse weather conditions (whether caused by climate change or otherwise), the level of seasonal illnesses, managed care contract negotiations and terminations, changes in general conditions in the economy or the financial markets, or other developments affecting the health care industry.
our financial results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
we are exposed to currency exchange risk with respect to the u.s. dollar in relation to the pound sterling, because a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in pounds. we monitor changes in our exposure to exchange rate risk. while we may elect to enter into hedging arrangements to protect our business against certain currency fluctuations, these hedging arrangements do not provide comprehensive protection, and our results of operations could be adversely affected by foreign exchange fluctuations.
we are subject to significant corporate regulation as a public company and failure to comply with all applicable regulations could subject us to liability or negatively affect our stock price.
as a publicly traded company, we are subject to a significant body of regulation, including the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. while we have developed and instituted a corporate compliance program based on what we believe are the current best practices in corporate governance and continue to update this program in response to newly implemented or changing regulatory requirements, we
22
cannot provide assurance that we are or will be in compliance with all potentially applicable corporate regulations. for example, we cannot provide assurance that, in the future, our management will not find a material weakness in connection with its annual review of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act. we also cannot provide assurance that we could correct any such weakness to allow our management to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year in time to enable our independent registered public accounting firm to state that such assessment will have been fairly stated in our annual report on form 10-k or state that we have maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. if we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could be subject to a range of regulatory actions, fines or other sanctions or litigation. if we must disclose any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, our stock price could decline.
a cyber security incident could cause a violation of hipaa, breach of member privacy, or other negative impacts.
we rely extensively on our information technology ("it") systems to manage clinical and financial data, communicate with our patients, payers, vendors and other third parties and summarize and analyze operating results. in addition, we have made significant investments in technology to adopt and utilize electronic health records and to become meaningful users of health information technology pursuant to the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009. a cyber-attack that bypasses our it security systems causing an it security breach, loss of protected health information or other data subject to privacy laws, loss of proprietary business information, or a material disruption of our it business systems, could have a material adverse impact on our business and result of operations. in addition, our future results of operations, as well as our reputation, could be adversely impacted by theft, destruction, loss, or misappropriation of public health information, other confidential data or proprietary business information.
different interpretations of accounting principles could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
generally accepted accounting principles are complex, continually evolving and may be subject to varied interpretation by us, our independent registered public accounting firm and the sec. such varied interpretations could result from differing views related to specific facts and circumstances. differences in interpretation of generally accepted accounting principles could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
we continue to see rising costs in construction materials and labor. such increased costs could have an adverse effect on the cash flow return on investment relating to our capital projects.
the cost of construction materials and labor has significantly increased. as we continue to invest in modern technologies, emergency rooms and operating room expansions, the construction of medical office buildings for physician expansion and reconfiguring the flow of patient care, we spend large amounts of money generated from our operating cash flow or borrowed funds. although we evaluate the financial feasibility of such projects by determining whether the projected cash flow return on investment exceeds our cost of capital, such returns may not be achieved if the cost of construction continues to rise significantly or the expected patient volumes are not attained.
the deterioration of credit and capital markets may adversely affect our access to sources of funding and we cannot be certain of the availability and terms of capital to fund the growth of our business when needed.
we require substantial capital resources to fund our acquisition growth strategy and our ongoing capital expenditure programs for renovation, expansion, construction and addition of medical equipment and technology. we believe that our capital expenditure program is adequate to expand, improve and equip our existing hospitals. we cannot predict, however, whether financing for our growth plans and capital expenditure programs will be available to us on satisfactory terms when needed, which could harm our business.
to fund all or a portion of our future financing needs, we rely on borrowings from various sources including fixed rate, long-term debt as well as borrowings pursuant to our revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization program. if any of the lenders were unable to fulfill their future commitments, our liquidity could be impacted, which could have a material unfavorable impact our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, global capital markets have experienced volatility that has tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding. in the event we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time. our inability to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us could have a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the libor calculation method may change and libor is expected to be phased out after 2021.
23
our credit agreement permits interest on borrowings to be calculated based on libor, and in the past, we have had interest rate swaps that were based on libor. on july 27, 2017, the united kingdom financial conduct authority (the "fca") announced that it will no longer require banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. the phase-out of libor may result in the establishment of one or more alternative benchmark rates, but at this time it is uncertain what alternative benchmark rates would replace libor. in the meantime, actions by the fca, other regulators, or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the method by which libor is calculated. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any such changes or any other reforms to libor that may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere.
we depend heavily on key management personnel and the departure of one or more of our key executives or a significant portion of our local hospital management personnel could harm our business.
the expertise and efforts of our senior executives and key members of our local hospital management personnel are critical to the success of our business. the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives or of a significant portion of our local hospital management personnel could significantly undermine our management expertise and our ability to provide efficient, quality healthcare services at our facilities, which could harm our business.
the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock is subject to potential increases or decreases.
at december 31, 2019, 20.6 million shares of class b common stock were reserved for issuance upon conversion of shares of class a, c and d common stock outstanding, for issuance upon exercise of options to purchase class b common stock and for issuance of stock under other incentive plans. class a, c and d common stock are convertible on a share for share basis into class b common stock. to the extent that these shares were converted into or exercised for shares of class b common stock, the number of shares of class b common stock available for trading in the public market place would increase substantially and the current holders of class b common stock would own a smaller percentage of that class.
in addition, from time-to-time our board of directors approve stock repurchase programs authorizing us to purchase shares of our class b common stock on the open market at prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions off the market. such repurchases decrease the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock. conversely, as a potential means of generating additional funds to operate and expand our business, we may from time-to-time issue equity through the sale of stock which would increase the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock. based upon factors such as, but not limited to, the market price of our stock, interest rate on borrowings and uses or potential uses for cash, repurchase or issuance of our stock could have a dilutive effect on our future basic and diluted earnings per share.
the right to elect the majority of our board of directors and the majority of the general shareholder voting power resides with the holders of class a and c common stock, the majority of which is owned by alan b. miller, our chief executive officer and chairman of our board of directors.
our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, with respect to the election of directors, holders of class a common stock vote as a class with the holders of class c common stock, and holders of class b common stock vote as a class with holders of class d common stock, with holders of all classes of our common stock entitled to one vote per share.
as of march 19, 2019, the shares of class a and class c common stock constituted 7.9% of the aggregate outstanding shares of our common stock, had the right to elect five members of the board of directors and constituted 87.2% of our general voting power as of that date. as of march 19, 2019, the shares of class b and class d common stock (excluding shares issuable upon exercise of options) constituted 92.1% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, had the right to elect two members of the board of directors and constituted 12.8% of our general voting power as of that date.
as to matters other than the election of directors, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that holders of class a, class b, class c and class d common stock all vote together as a single class, except as otherwise provided by law.
each share of class a common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote; each share of class b common stock entitles the holder thereof to one-tenth of a vote; each share of class c common stock entitles the holder thereof to 100 votes (provided the holder of class c common stock holds a number of shares of class a common stock equal to ten times the number of shares of class c common stock that holder holds); and each share of class d common stock entitles the holder thereof to ten votes (provided the holder of class d common stock holds a number of shares of class b common stock equal to ten times the number of shares of class d common stock that holder holds).
in the event a holder of class c or class d common stock holds a number of shares of class a or class b common stock, respectively, less than ten times the number of shares of class c or class d common stock that holder holds, then that holder will be
24
entitled to only one vote for every share of class c common stock, or one-tenth of a vote for every share of class d common stock, which that holder holds in excess of one-tenth the number of shares of class a or class b common stock, respectively, held by that holder. the board of directors, in its discretion, may require beneficial owners to provide satisfactory evidence that such owner holds ten times as many shares of class a or class b common stock as class c or class d common stock, respectively, if such facts are not apparent from our stock records.
since a substantial majority of the class a shares and class c shares are controlled by mr. alan b. miller and members of his family, one of whom (marc d. miller) is also a director and officer of our company, and they can elect a majority of our company's directors and effect or reject most actions requiring approval by stockholders without the vote of any other stockholders, there are potential conflicts of interest in overseeing the management of our company.
in addition, because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, our business and prospects and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected.
item 7.
3
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-sources of revenue for additional disclosure. other information related to our revenues, income and other operating information for each reporting segment of our business is provided in note 12 to our consolidated financial statements, segment reporting.
regulation and other factors overview: the healthcare industry is subject to numerous laws, regulations and rules including, among others, those related to government healthcare participation requirements, various licensure and accreditations, reimbursement for patient services, health information privacy and security rules, and medicare and medicaid fraud and abuse provisions (including, but not limited to, federal statutes and regulations prohibiting kickbacks and other illegal inducements to potential referral sources, false claims submitted to federal or state health care programs and self-referrals by physicians). providers that are found to have violated any of these laws and regulations may be excluded from participating in government healthcare programs, subjected to significant fines or penalties and/or required to repay amounts received from the government for previously billed patient services. although we believe our policies, procedures and practices comply with governmental regulations, no assurance can be given that we will not be subjected to additional governmental inquiries or actions, or that we would not be faced with sanctions, fines or penalties if so subjected. even if we were to ultimately prevail, a significant governmental inquiry or action under one of the above laws, regulations or rules could have a material adverse impact on us.
licensing, certification and accreditation: all of our u.s. hospitals are subject to compliance with various federal, state and local statutes and regulations in the u.s. and receive periodic inspection by state licensing agencies to review standards of medical care, equipment and cleanliness. our hospitals must also comply with the conditions of participation and licensing requirements of federal, state and local health agencies, as well as the requirements of municipal building codes, health codes and local fire departments. various other licenses and permits are also required in order to dispense narcotics, operate pharmacies, handle radioactive materials and operate certain equipment.  our facilities in the united kingdom are also subject to various laws and regulations.
all of our eligible hospitals have been accredited by the joint commission. all of our acute care hospitals and most of our behavioral health centers in the u.s. are certified as providers of medicare and medicaid services by the appropriate governmental authorities.
if any of our facilities were to lose its joint commission accreditation or otherwise lose its certification under the medicare and medicaid programs, the facility may be unable to receive reimbursement from the medicare and medicaid programs and other payers. we believe our facilities are in substantial compliance with current applicable federal, state, local and independent review body regulations and standards. the requirements for licensure, certification and accreditation are subject to change and, in order to remain qualified, it may become necessary for us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel and services in the future, which could have a material adverse impact on operations.
certificates of need: many of the states in which we operate hospitals have enacted certificates of need ("con") laws as a condition prior to hospital capital expenditures, construction, expansion, modernization or initiation of major new services. failure to obtain necessary state approval can result in our inability to complete an acquisition, expansion or replacement, the imposition of civil or, in some cases, criminal sanctions, the inability to receive medicare or medicaid reimbursement or the revocation of a facility's license, which could harm our business. in addition, significant con reforms have been proposed in a number of states that would increase the capital spending thresholds and provide exemptions of various services from review requirements. in the past, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from those requirements, but we cannot predict the impact of these changes upon our operations.
conversion legislation: many states have enacted or are considering enacting laws affecting the conversion or sale of not-for-profit hospitals to for-profit entities. these laws generally require prior approval from the attorney general, advance notification and community involvement. in addition, attorneys general in states without specific conversion legislation may exercise discretionary authority over these transactions. although the level of government involvement varies from state to state, the trend is to provide for increased governmental review and, in some cases, approval of a transaction in which a not-for-profit entity sells a health care facility to a for-profit entity. the adoption of new or expanded conversion legislation and the increased review of not-for-profit hospital conversions may limit our ability to grow through acquisitions of not-for-profit hospitals.
utilization review: federal regulations require that admissions and utilization of facilities by medicare and medicaid patients must be reviewed in order to ensure efficient utilization of facilities and services. the law and regulations require peer review organizations ("pros") to review the appropriateness of medicare and medicaid patient admissions and discharges, the quality of care provided, the validity of diagnosis related group ("drg") classifications and the appropriateness of cases of extraordinary length of stay. pros may deny payment for services provided, assess fines and also have the authority to recommend to the department of health and human services ("hhs") that a provider that is in substantial non-compliance with the standards of the pro be excluded
4
from participating in the medicare program. we have contracted with pros in each state where we do business to perform the required reviews.
audits: most hospitals are subject to federal audits to validate the accuracy of medicare and medicaid program submitted claims. if these audits identify overpayments, we could be required to pay a substantial rebate of prior years' payments subject to various administrative appeal rights. the federal government contracts with third-party "recovery audit contractors" ("racs") and "medicaid integrity contractors" ("mics"), on a contingent fee basis, to audit the propriety of payments to medicare and medicaid providers. similarly, medicare zone program integrity contractors ("zpics") target claims for potential fraud and abuse. additionally, medicare administrative contractors ("macs") must ensure they pay the right amount for covered and correctly coded services rendered to eligible beneficiaries by legitimate providers. the centers for medicare and medicaid services ("cms") announced its intent to consolidate many of these medicare and medicaid program integrity functions into new unified program integrity contractors ("upics"), though it remains unclear what effect, if any, this consolidation may have. we have undergone claims audits related to our receipt of federal healthcare payments during the last three years, the results of which have not required material adjustments to our consolidated results of operations. however, potential liability from future federal or state audits could ultimately exceed established reserves, and any excess could potentially be substantial. further, medicare and medicaid regulations also provide for withholding medicare and medicaid overpayments in certain circumstances, which could adversely affect our cash flow.
self-referral and anti-kickback legislation the stark law: the social security act includes a provision commonly known as the "stark law." this law prohibits physicians from referring medicare and medicaid patients to entities with which they or any of their immediate family members have a financial relationship, unless an exception is met. these types of referrals are known as "self-referrals." sanctions for violating the stark law include civil penalties up to $25,820 for each violation, and up to $172,137 for sham arrangements. there are a number of exceptions to the self-referral prohibition, including an exception for a physician's ownership interest in an entire hospital as opposed to an ownership interest in a hospital department unit, service or subpart. however, federal laws and regulations now limit the ability of hospitals relying on this exception to expand aggregate physician ownership interest or to expand certain hospital facilities. this regulation also places a number of compliance requirements on physician-owned hospitals related to reporting of ownership interest. there are also exceptions for many of the customary financial arrangements between physicians and providers, including employment contracts, leases and recruitment agreements that adhere to certain enumerated requirements.
we monitor all aspects of our business and have developed a comprehensive ethics and compliance program that is designed to meet or exceed applicable federal guidelines and industry standards. nonetheless, because the law in this area is complex and constantly evolving, there can be no assurance that federal regulatory authorities will not determine that any of our arrangements with physicians violate the stark law.
anti-kickback statute: a provision of the social security act known as the "anti-kickback statute" prohibits healthcare providers and others from directly or indirectly soliciting, receiving, offering or paying money or other remuneration to other individuals and entities in return for using, referring, ordering, recommending or arranging for such referrals or orders of services or other items covered by a federal or state health care program. however, changes to the anti-kickback statute have reduced the intent required for violation; one is no longer required to have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of the anti-kickback statute in order to be found in violation of such law.
the anti-kickback statute contains certain exceptions, and the office of the inspector general of the department of health and human services ("oig") has issued regulations that provide for "safe harbors," from the federal anti-kickback statute for various activities. these activities, which must meet certain requirements, include (but are not limited to) the following: investment interests, space rental, equipment rental, practitioner recruitment, personnel services and management contracts, sale of practice, referral services, warranties, discounts, employees, group purchasing organizations, waiver of beneficiary coinsurance and deductible amounts, managed care arrangements, obstetrical malpractice insurance subsidies, investments in group practices, freestanding surgery centers, donation of technology for electronic health records and referral agreements for specialty services. the fact that conduct or a business arrangement does not fall within a safe harbor or exception does not automatically render the conduct or business arrangement illegal under the anti-kickback statute. however, such conduct and business arrangements may lead to increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities.
although we believe that our arrangements with physicians and other referral sources have been structured to comply with current law and available interpretations, there can be no assurance that all arrangements comply with an available safe harbor or that regulatory authorities enforcing these laws will determine these financial arrangements do not violate the anti-kickback statute or other applicable laws. violations of the anti-kickback statute may be punished by a criminal fine of up to $100,000 for each violation or imprisonment, however, under 18 u.s.c. section 3571, this fine may be increased to $250,000 for individuals and $500,000 for organizations. civil money penalties may include fines of up to $102,522 per violation and damages of up to three times the total amount of the remuneration and/or exclusion from participation in medicare and medicaid.
5
similar state laws: many of the states in which we operate have adopted laws that prohibit payments to physicians in exchange for referrals similar to the anti-kickback statute and the stark law, some of which apply regardless of the source of payment for care. these statutes typically provide criminal and civil penalties as well as loss of licensure. in many instances, the state statutes provide that any arrangement falling in a federal safe harbor will be immune from scrutiny under the state statutes. however, in most cases, little precedent exists for the interpretation or enforcement of these state laws.
these laws and regulations are extremely complex and, in many cases, we don't have the benefit of regulatory or judicial interpretation. it is possible that different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. a determination that we have violated one or more of these laws, or the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of one or more of these laws (see item 3. legal proceedings), could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and our business reputation could suffer significantly. in addition, we cannot predict whether other legislation or regulations at the federal or state level will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be.
if we are deemed to have failed to comply with the anti-kickback statute, the stark law or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil penalties (including the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities), and exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the medicare, medicaid and other federal and state health care programs. the imposition of such penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
federal false claims act and similar state regulations: a current trend affecting the health care industry is the increased use of the federal false claims act, and, in particular, actions being brought by individuals on the government's behalf under the false claims act's qui tam, or whistleblower, provisions. whistleblower provisions allow private individuals to bring actions on behalf of the government by alleging that the defendant has defrauded the federal government.
when a defendant is determined by a court of law to have violated the false claims act, the defendant may be liable for up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties of between $11,463 to $22,927 for each separate false claim. there are many potential bases for liability under the false claims act. liability often arises when an entity knowingly submits a false claim for reimbursement to the federal government. the fraud enforcement and recovery act of 2009 ("fera") amended and expanded the number of actions for which liability may attach under the false claims act, eliminating requirements that false claims be presented to federal officials or directly involve federal funds. fera also clarifies that a false claim violation occurs upon the knowing retention, as well as the receipt, of overpayments. in addition, recent changes to the anti-kickback statute have made violations of that law punishable under the civil false claims act. further, a number of states have adopted their own false claims provisions as well as their own whistleblower provisions whereby a private party may file a civil lawsuit on behalf of the state in state court. the false claims act require that federal healthcare program overpayments be returned within 60 days from the date the overpayment was identified, or by the date any corresponding cost report was due, whichever is later. failure to return an overpayment within this period may result in additional civil false claims act liability.
other fraud and abuse provisions: the social security act also imposes criminal and civil penalties for submitting false claims to medicare and medicaid. false claims include, but are not limited to, billing for services not rendered, billing for services without prescribed documentation, misrepresenting actual services rendered in order to obtain higher reimbursement and cost report fraud. like the anti-kickback statute, these provisions are very broad.
further, the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 ("hipaa") broadened the scope of the fraud and abuse laws by adding several criminal provisions for health care fraud offenses that apply to all health benefit programs, whether or not payments under such programs are paid pursuant to federal programs. hipaa also introduced enforcement mechanisms to prevent fraud and abuse in medicare. there are civil penalties for prohibited conduct, including, but not limited to billing for medically unnecessary products or services.
hipaa administrative simplification and privacy requirements: the administrative simplification provisions of hipaa, as amended by the health information technology for economic and clinical health act ("hitech"), require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for health care claims and payment transactions submitted or received electronically. these provisions are intended to encourage electronic commerce in the health care industry. hipaa also established federal rules protecting the privacy and security of personal health information. the privacy and security regulations address the use and disclosure of individual health care information and the rights of patients to understand and control how such information is used and disclosed. violations of hipaa can result in both criminal and civil fines and penalties.
we believe that we are in material compliance with the privacy regulations of hipaa, as we continue to develop training and revise procedures to address ongoing compliance. the hipaa security regulations require health care providers to implement
6
administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of patient information. hitech has since strengthened certain hipaa rules regarding the use and disclosure of protected health information, extended certain hipaa provisions to business associates, and created new security breach notification requirements. hitech has also extended the ability to impose civil money penalties on providers not knowing that a hipaa violation has occurred. we believe that we have been in substantial compliance with hipaa and hitech requirements to date. recent changes to the hipaa regulations may result in greater compliance requirements for healthcare providers, including expanded obligations to report breaches of unsecured patient data, as well as create new liabilities for the actions of parties acting as business associates on our behalf.
red flags rule: in addition, the federal trade commission ("ftc") red flags rule requires financial institutions and businesses maintaining accounts to address the risk of identity theft. the red flag program clarification act of 2010, signed on december 18, 2010, appears to exclude certain healthcare providers from the red flags rule, but permits the ftc or relevant agencies to designate additional creditors subject to the red flags rule through future rulemaking if the agencies determine that the person in question maintains accounts subject to foreseeable risk of identity theft. compliance with any such future rulemaking may require additional expenditures in the future.
patient safety and quality improvement act of 2005: on july 29, 2005, the patient safety and quality improvement act of 2005 was enacted, which has the goal of reducing medical errors and increasing patient safety. this legislation establishes a confidential reporting structure in which providers can voluntarily report "patient safety work product" ("pswp") to "patient safety organizations" ("psos"). under the system, pswp is made privileged, confidential and legally protected from disclosure. pswp does not include medical, discharge or billing records or any other original patient or provider records but does include information gathered specifically in connection with the reporting of medical errors and improving patient safety. this legislation does not preempt state or federal mandatory disclosure laws concerning information that does not constitute pswp. psos are certified by the secretary of the hhs for three-year periods and analyze pswp, provide feedback to providers and may report non-identifiable pswp to a database. in addition, psos are expected to generate patient safety improvement strategies.
environmental regulations: our healthcare operations generate medical waste that must be disposed of in compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and regulations. infectious waste generators, including hospitals, face substantial penalties for improper disposal of medical waste, including civil penalties of up to $25,000 per day of noncompliance, criminal penalties of up to $50,000 per day, imprisonment, and remedial costs. in addition, our operations, as well as our purchases and sales of facilities are subject to various other environmental laws, rules and regulations. we believe that our disposal of such wastes is in material compliance with all state and federal laws.
corporate practice of medicine: several states, including florida, nevada, california and texas, have laws and/or regulations that prohibit corporations and other entities from employing physicians and practicing medicine for a profit or that prohibit certain direct and indirect payments or fee-splitting arrangements between health care providers that are designed to induce or encourage the referral of patients to, or the recommendation of, particular providers for medical products and services. possible sanctions for violation of these restrictions include loss of license and civil and criminal penalties. in addition, agreements between the corporation and the physician may be considered void and unenforceable. these statutes and/or regulations vary from state to state, are often vague and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. we do not expect these state corporate practice of medicine proscriptions to significantly affect our operations. many states have laws and regulations which prohibit payments for referral of patients and fee-splitting with physicians. we do not make any such payments or have any such arrangements.
emtala: all of our hospitals are subject to the emergency medical treatment and active labor act ("emtala"). this federal law generally requires hospitals with an emergency department that are certified providers under medicare to conduct a medical screening examination of every person who visits the hospital's emergency room for treatment and, if the patient is suffering from a medical emergency, to either stabilize the patient's condition or transfer the patient to a facility that can better handle the condition. our obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of a patient's ability to pay for treatment. there are severe penalties under emtala if a hospital fails to screen or appropriately stabilize or transfer a patient or if the hospital delays appropriate treatment in order to first inquire about the patient's ability to pay. penalties for violations of emtala include civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in the medicare program. in addition to any liabilities that a hospital may incur under emtala, an injured patient, the patient's family or a medical facility that suffers a financial loss as a direct result of another hospital's violation of the law can bring a civil suit against the hospital unrelated to the rights granted under that statute.
the federal government broadly interprets emtala to cover situations in which patients do not actually present to a hospital's emergency room, but present for emergency examination or treatment to the hospital's campus, generally, or to a hospital-based clinic that treats emergency medical conditions or are transported in a hospital-owned ambulance, subject to certain exceptions. emtala does not generally apply to patients admitted for inpatient services; however, cms has sought industry comments on the potential applicability of emtala to hospital inpatients and the responsibilities of hospitals with specialized capabilities, respectively. cms has not yet issued regulations or guidance in response to that request for comments. the government also has expressed its intent to
7
investigate and enforce emtala violations actively in the future. we believe that we operate in substantial compliance with emtala.
health care industry investigations: we are subject to claims and suits in the ordinary course of business, including those arising from care and treatment afforded by our hospitals and are party to various government investigations and litigation. please see item 3. legal proceedings included herein for additional disclosure. in addition, currently, and from time to time, some of our facilities are subjected to inquiries and/or actions and receive notices of potential non-compliance of laws and regulations from various federal and state agencies. providers that are found to have violated these laws and regulations may be excluded from participating in government healthcare programs, subjected to potential licensure, certification, and/or accreditation revocation, subjected to fines or penalties or required to repay amounts received from the government for previously billed patient services.
we monitor all aspects of our business and have developed a comprehensive ethics and compliance program that is designed to meet or exceed applicable federal guidelines and industry standards. because the law in this area is complex and constantly evolving, governmental investigation or litigation may result in interpretations that are inconsistent with industry practices, including ours. although we believe our policies, procedures and practices comply with governmental regulations, no assurance can be given that we will not be subjected to inquiries or actions, or that we will not be faced with sanctions, fines or penalties in connection with the investigations. even if we were to ultimately prevail, the government's inquiry and/or action in connection with these matters could have a material adverse effect on our future operating results.
our substantial medicare, medicaid and other governmental billings may result in heightened scrutiny of our operations. it is possible that governmental entities could initiate additional investigations or litigation in the future and that such matters could result in significant penalties as well as adverse publicity. it is also possible that our executives and/or managers could be included as targets or witnesses in governmental investigations or litigation and/or named as defendants in private litigation.
revenue rulings 98-15 and 2004-51: in march 1998 and may 2004, the irs issued guidance regarding the tax consequences of joint ventures between for-profit and not-for-profit hospitals. as a result of the tax rulings, the irs has proposed, and may in the future propose, to revoke the tax-exempt or public charity status of certain not-for-profit entities which participate in such joint ventures or to treat joint venture income as unrelated business taxable income to them. the tax rulings have limited development of joint ventures and any adverse determination by the irs or the courts regarding the tax-exempt or public charity status of a not-for-profit partner or the characterization of joint venture income as unrelated business taxable income could further limit joint venture development with not-for-profit hospitals, and/or require the restructuring of certain existing joint ventures with not-for-profits.
state rate review: some states where we operate hospitals have adopted legislation mandating rate or budget review for hospitals or have adopted taxes on hospital revenues, assessments or licensure fees to fund indigent health care within the state. in the aggregate, state rate reviews and indigent tax provisions have not materially, adversely affected our results of operations.
medical malpractice tort law reform: medical malpractice tort law has historically been maintained at the state level. all states have laws governing medical liability lawsuits. over half of the states have limits on damages awards. almost all states have eliminated joint and several liability in malpractice lawsuits, and many states have established limits on attorney fees. many states had bills introduced in their legislative sessions to address medical malpractice tort reform. proposed solutions include enacting limits on non-economic damages, malpractice insurance reform, and gathering lawsuit claims data from malpractice insurance companies and the courts for the purpose of assessing the connection between malpractice settlements and premium rates. reform legislation has also been proposed, but not adopted, at the federal level that could preempt additional state legislation in this area.
compliance program: our company-wide compliance program has been in place since 1998. currently, the program's elements include a code of conduct, risk area specific policies and procedures, employee education and training, an internal system for reporting concerns, auditing and monitoring programs, and a means for enforcing the program's policies.
since its initial adoption, the compliance program continues to be expanded and developed to meet the industry's expectations and our needs. specific written policies, procedures, training and educational materials and programs, as well as auditing and monitoring activities have been prepared and implemented to address the functional and operational aspects of our business. specific areas identified through regulatory interpretation and enforcement activities have also been addressed in our program. claims preparation and submission, including coding, billing, and cost reports, comprise the bulk of these areas. financial arrangements with physicians and other referral sources, including compliance with anti-kickback and stark laws and emergency department treatment and transfer requirements are also the focus of policy and training, standardized documentation requirements, and review and audit.
united kingdom regulation: our operations in the united kingdom are also subject to a high level of regulation relating to registration and licensing requirements, employee regulation, clinical standards, environmental rules as well as other areas. we are also subject to a highly regulated business environment, and failure to comply with the various laws and regulations applicable to us could lead to substantial penalties and other adverse effects on our business.
8
employees and medical staff our facilities located in the u.s. had approximately 80,800 employees as of december 31, 2019, of whom approximately 58,100 were employed full-time. in addition, our facilities located in the u.k. had approximately 9,600 employees as of december 31, 2019.  our hospitals are staffed by licensed physicians who have been admitted to the medical staff of individual hospitals. in a number of our markets, physicians may have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to ours. within our acute care division, approximately 270 physicians are employed by physician practice management subsidiaries of ours either directly or through contracts with affiliated group practices structured as 501a corporations. members of the medical staffs of our hospitals also serve on the medical staffs of hospitals not owned by us and may terminate their affiliation with our hospitals at any time. in addition, within our behavioral health division, approximately 475 psychiatrists are employed by subsidiaries of ours either directly or through contracts with affiliated group practices structured as 501a corporations. each of our hospitals is managed on a day-to-day basis by a managing director employed by a subsidiary of ours. in addition, a board of governors, including members of the hospital's medical staff, governs the medical, professional and ethical practices at each hospital. we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory.
approximately 1,800 of our employees at five of our hospitals are unionized. at valley hospital medical center, housekeeping and dietary employees are represented by the culinary workers and bartenders union, engineers are represented by the international union of operating engineers and registered nurses are represented by the service employees international union ("seiu"). engineers at desert springs hospital are represented by the international union of operating engineers and registered nurses and technical employees are represented by the seiu. at the psychiatric institute of washington, clinical, clerical, support and maintenance employees are represented by the communication workers of america (afl-cio). registered nurses, licensed practical nurses, certain technicians and therapists and some clerical employees at hri hospital in boston are represented by the service employees international union. at brooke glen behavioral hospital, unionized employees are represented by the teamsters and the northwestern nurses association/pennsylvania association of staff nurses and allied professionals.
on january 30, 2020, the national labor relations board issued a decision regarding the 2017 withdrawals of recognition of the seiu for three bargaining units at valley hospital medical center (registered nurses) and desert springs hospital (registered nurses and technical employees) located in las vegas, nevada.  the national labor relations board held that the evidence supporting the withdrawals was not sufficient. the valley hospital medical center and desert springs hospital have chosen not to appeal this decision and have, instead, recognized the union and are resuming negotiations.
competition the health care industry is highly competitive. in recent years, competition among healthcare providers for patients has intensified in the united states due to, among other things, regulatory and technological changes, increasing use of managed care payment systems, cost containment pressures and a shift toward outpatient treatment. in all of the geographical areas in which we operate, there are other hospitals that provide services comparable to those offered by our hospitals. in addition, some of our competitors include hospitals that are owned by tax-supported governmental agencies or by nonprofit corporations and may be supported by endowments and charitable contributions and exempt from property, sale and income taxes. such exemptions and support are not available to us.
in some markets, certain of our competitors may have greater financial resources, be better equipped and offer a broader range of services than us. certain hospitals that are located in the areas served by our facilities are specialty or large hospitals that provide medical, surgical and behavioral health services, facilities and equipment that are not available at our hospitals. the increase in outpatient treatment and diagnostic facilities, outpatient surgical centers and freestanding ambulatory surgical also increases competition for us.  in addition, some of our hospitals face competition from hospitals or surgery centers that are physician owned.
the number and quality of the physicians on a hospital's staff are important factors in determining a hospital's success and competitive advantage. typically, physicians are responsible for making hospital admissions decisions and for directing the course of patient treatment. we believe that physicians refer patients to a hospital primarily on the basis of the patient's needs, the quality of other physicians on the medical staff, the location of the hospital and the breadth and scope of services offered at the hospital's facilities. we strive to retain and attract qualified doctors by maintaining high ethical and professional standards and providing adequate support personnel, technologically advanced equipment and facilities that meet the needs of those physicians.
in addition, we depend on the efforts, abilities, and experience of our medical support personnel, including our nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians and other health care professionals. we compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining qualified hospital management, nurses and other medical personnel. our acute care and behavioral health care facilities are experiencing the effects of a shortage of skilled nursing staff nationwide, which has caused and may continue to cause an increase in salaries, wages and benefits expense in excess of the inflation rate. in addition, in some markets like california, there are requirements
9
to maintain specified nurse-staffing levels. to the extent we cannot meet those levels, we may be required to limit the healthcare services provided in these markets which would have a corresponding adverse effect on our net operating revenues.
many states in which we operate hospitals have con laws. the application process for approval of additional covered services, new facilities, changes in operations and capital expenditures is, therefore, highly competitive in these states. in those states that do not have con laws or which set relatively high levels of expenditures before they become reviewable by state authorities, competition in the form of new services, facilities and capital spending is more prevalent. see "regulation and other factors."
our ability to negotiate favorable service contracts with purchasers of group health care services also affects our competitive position and significantly affects the revenues and operating results of our hospitals. managed care plans attempt to direct and control the use of hospital services and to demand that we accept lower rates of payment. in addition, employers and traditional health insurers are increasingly interested in containing costs through negotiations with hospitals for managed care programs and discounts from established charges. in return, hospitals secure commitments for a larger number of potential patients. generally, hospitals compete for service contracts with group health care service purchasers on the basis of price, market reputation, geographic location, quality and range of services, quality of the medical staff and convenience. the importance of obtaining contracts with managed care organizations varies from market to market depending on the market strength of such organizations.
a key element of our growth strategy is expansion through the acquisition of additional hospitals in select markets. the competition to acquire hospitals is significant. we face competition for acquisition candidates primarily from other for-profit health care companies, as well as from not-for-profit entities. some of our competitors have greater resources than we do. we intend to selectively seek opportunities to expand our base of operations by adhering to our disciplined program of rational growth, but may not be successful in accomplishing acquisitions on favorable terms.
relationship with universal health realty income trust at december 31, 2019, we held approximately 5.7% of the outstanding shares of universal health realty income trust (the "trust"). we serve as advisor to the trust under an annually renewable advisory agreement, which is scheduled to expire on december 31st of each year, pursuant to the terms of which we conduct the trust's day-to-day affairs, provide administrative services and present investment opportunities.  the advisory agreement was amended and restated effective january 1, 2019.  among other things, the amended and restated advisory agreement (the "agreement") eliminated the 20% annual incentive fee clause which we were previously entitled to under certain conditions (the incentive fee requirements have never been achieved).  the advisory agreement was renewed by the trust for 2020 at the same rate as the prior three years, providing for an advisory computation at 0.70% of the trust's average invested real estate assets. we earned an advisory fee from the trust, which is included in net revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of income, of approximately $4.0 million during 2019, $3.8 million during 2018 and $3.6 million during 2017.
in addition, certain of our officers and directors are also officers and/or directors of the trust. management believes that it has the ability to exercise significant influence over the trust, therefore we account for our investment in the trust using the equity method of accounting.
our pre-tax share of income from the trust was $1.1 million and $1.4 million during 2019 and 2018, respectively, which are included in other income, net, on the accompanying consolidated statements of income for each year. our pre-tax share of income from the trust was $2.6 million during 2017, which is included in net revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. included in our share of the trust's income for 2017 was a gain realized by the trust in connection with a divestiture of property that was completed during the first quarter of 2017, as well as gain recorded in connection with hurricane-related insurance proceeds. we received dividends from the trust amounting to $2.1 million during each of 2019, 2018 and 2017.
the carrying value of our investment in the trust was $6.4 million and $7.5 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. the market value of our investment in the trust was $92.4 million at december 31, 2019 and $48.3 million at december 31, 2018, based on the closing price of the trust's stock on the respective dates.
the trust commenced operations in 1986 by purchasing certain hospital properties from us and immediately leasing the properties back to our respective subsidiaries. most of the leases were entered into at the time the trust commenced operations and provided for initial terms of 13 to 15 years with up to six additional 5-year renewal terms. each lease also provided for additional or bonus rental, as discussed below. the base rents are paid monthly and the bonus rents are computed and paid on a quarterly basis, based upon a computation that compares current quarter revenue to a corresponding quarter in the base year. the leases with those subsidiaries are unconditionally guaranteed by us and are cross-defaulted with one another.
10
total rent expense under the operating leases on the three hospital facilities with the trust was $16.4 million during 2019 and $16.0 million during each of 2018 and 2017.  pursuant to the terms of the three hospital leases with the trust, we have the option to renew the leases at the lease terms described above by providing notice to the trust at least 90 days prior to the termination of the then current term. we also have the right to purchase the respective leased hospitals at the end of the lease terms or any renewal terms at their appraised fair market value as well as purchase any or all of the three leased hospital properties at the appraised fair market value upon one month's notice should a change of control of the trust occur.  in addition, we have rights of first refusal to: (i) purchase the respective leased facilities during and for 180 days after the lease terms at the same price, terms and conditions of any third-party offer, or; (ii) renew the lease on the respective leased facility at the end of, and for 180 days after, the lease term at the same terms and conditions pursuant to any third-party offer.
the table below details the renewal options and terms for each of our three acute care hospital facilities leased from the trust:
hospital name                         annual      end of lease term    renewal minimum                             term rent                            (years)

mcallen medical center                                 $5,485,000   december, 2026              5   (a)
wellington regional medical center                     $3,030,000   december, 2021             10   (b)
southwest healthcare system, inland valley campus      $2,648,000   december, 2021             10   (b)
(a)   we have one 5-year renewal option at existing lease rates (through 2031).

(b)   we have two 5-year renewal options at fair market value lease rates (2022 through 2031).

in addition, certain of our subsidiaries are tenants in various medical office buildings and two free-standing emergency departments owned by the trust or by limited liability companies in which the trust holds 95% to 100% of the ownership interest.
during the third quarter of 2019, the trust commenced construction on a new 75,000 rentable square feet mob that will be located on the campus of texoma medical center, a hospital that is owned and operated by one of our subsidiaries.  in connection with this mob, a master flex lease has been executed between a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours and a trust limited partnership that owns the mob.  pursuant to the terms of this master flex lease, our subsidiary will master lease approximately 50% of the rentable square feet of the mob, which could be reduced during the term if certain conditions are met, for a ten-year term at an initial minimum annual rent of $644,000.
during the third quarter of 2019, a joint-venture agreement between us and a non-related third-party was finalized in connection with the development of a newly constructed behavioral health care facility located in clive, iowa.  pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we hold a majority ownership interest in the venture and will act as manager of the facility when completed and opened.  this joint-venture also entered into an agreement with the trust whereby a wholly-owned subsidiary of the trust will construct the 108-bed behavioral health care hospital and, upon completion and issuance of the certificate of occupancy, the joint venture will lease the facility from the trust pursuant to a 20-year, triple net lease with five, 10-year renewal options.  construction of the approximately 80,000 square foot hospital, for which a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours will act as project manager for an aggregate fee of approximately $750,000, is expected to be completed in late 2020.  the approximate cost of the project is estimated at $37.5 million and the initial annual rent is estimated at approximately $2.7 million.
executive officers of the registrant the executive officers, whose terms will expire at such time as their successors are elected, are as follows:
name and age                         present position with the company

alan b. miller (82)        chairman of the board and chief executive officer marc d. miller (49)        president and director steve g. filton (62)       executive vice president, chief financial officer and secretary marvin g. pember (66)      executive vice president, president of acute care division matthew j. peterson (50)   executive vice president, president of behavioral health division mr. alan b. miller has been chairman of the board and chief executive officer since inception and also served as president from inception until may, 2009. prior thereto, he was president, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of american medicorp, inc. he currently serves as chairman of the board, chief executive officer and president of universal health realty income trust. he is the father of marc d. miller, our president and director.
mr. marc d. miller was elected president in may, 2009 and prior thereto served as senior vice president and co-head of our acute care hospitals since 2007. he was elected a director in may, 2006 and vice president in 2005. he has served in various
11
capacities related to our acute care division since 2000. he was elected to the board of trustees of universal health realty income trust in december, 2008. in august, 2015, he was appointed to the board of directors of premier, inc., a publicly traded healthcare performance improvement alliance.  see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements-relationship with universal health realty income trust and other related party transactions for additional disclosure regarding the company's group purchasing organization agreement with premier, inc. marc d. miller is the son of alan b. miller, our chairman of the board and chief executive officer.
mr. filton was elected executive vice president in 2017 and continues to serve as chief financial officer since his appointment in 2003. he has also served as secretary since 1999.  he had served as senior vice president since 2003, as vice president and controller since 1991, and as director of corporate accounting since 1985.
mr. pember was elected executive vice president in 2017 and continues to serve as president of our acute care division since commencement of his employment with us in 2011.  he had served as senior vice president since 2011.  he was formerly employed for 12 years at indiana university health, inc. (formerly known as clarian health partners, inc.), a nonprofit hospital system that operates multiple facilities in indiana, where he served as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
mr. peterson's employment with us commenced in september, 2019 as executive vice president and president of our behavioral health division.  he was formerly employed at unitedhealth group for 11 years serving in various capacities including chief operating officer for optumgovernment, a health services and technology company, as well as various other senior vice president/vice president roles.  in addition to his civilian business career, mr. peterson has served for nearly 30 years as a member of the united states military, currently a colonel and hospital/healthcare administrator in the air national guard.
item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
year ended december 31,

2019                        2018                        2017                        2016                        2015
summary of operations (in thousands)
net revenues                                                 $11,378,259                 $10,772,278                 $10,409,865                  $9,766,210                  $9,043,451
income before income taxes                                    $1,066,337                  $1,034,525                  $1,135,009                  $1,156,358                  $1,145,901
net income attributable to uhs                                  $814,854                    $779,705                    $752,303                    $702,409                    $680,528
net margin                                                           7.2   %                     7.2   %                     7.2   %                     7.2   %                     7.5   %
return on average equity                                            15.0   %                    14.6   %                    15.5   %                    16.0   %                    16.6   %
financial data (in thousands)
cash provided by operating activities                         $1,438,469                  $1,274,742                  $1,247,585                  $1,254,509                  $1,045,310
capital expenditures, net (1)                                   $634,095                    $664,962                    $557,506                    $519,939                    $379,321
total assets                                                 $11,668,250                 $11,265,480                 $10,761,828                 $10,317,802                  $9,615,444
current maturities of long-term debt                             $87,550                     $63,446                    $545,619                    $105,895                     $62,722
long-term debt                                                $3,896,577                  $3,935,187                  $3,494,390                  $4,030,230                  $3,368,634
uhs's common stockholders' equity                             $5,504,105                  $5,389,262                  $4,989,514                  $4,533,220                  $4,249,647
percentage of total debt to total capitalization                      42   %                      43   %                      45   %                      48   %                      45   %
operating data-acute care hospitals (2)
average licensed beds                                              6,379                       6,232                       6,127                       5,934                       5,832
average available beds                                             6,205                       6,056                       5,954                       5,759                       5,656
inpatient admissions                                             317,983                     303,985                     297,390                     274,074                     261,727
average length of patient stay                                       4.6                         4.5                         4.4                         4.6                         4.7
patient days                                                   1,451,847                   1,376,988                   1,312,265                   1,251,511                   1,218,969
occupancy rate for licensed beds                                      62   %                      61   %                      59   %                      58   %                      57   %
occupancy rate for available beds                                     64   %                      62   %                      60   %                      59   %                      59   %
operating data-behavioral health facilities (2)
average licensed beds                                             23,812                      23,509                      23,151                      21,829                      21,202
average available beds                                            23,711                      23,425                      23,068                      21,744                      21,116
inpatient admissions                                             488,367                     482,658                     467,822                     456,052                     447,007
average length of patient stay                                      13.3                        13.3                        13.6                        13.2                        13.1
patient days                                                   6,487,707                   6,418,334                   6,381,756                   6,004,066                   5,835,134
occupancy rate for licensed beds                                      75   %                      75   %                      76   %                      75   %                      75   %
occupancy rate for available beds                                     75   %                      75   %                      76   %                      75   %                      76   %
per share data net income attributable to uhs-basic                               $9.16                       $8.35                       $7.86                       $7.22                       $6.89
net income attributable to uhs-diluted                             $9.13                       $8.31                       $7.81                       $7.14                       $6.76
dividends declared                                                 $0.60                       $0.40                       $0.40                       $0.40                       $0.40
other information (in thousands)
weighted average number of shares                                 88,762                      93,276                      95,652                      97,208                      98,797
outstanding-basic weighted average number of shares and share                       89,040                      93,750                      96,325                      98,380                     100,694
equivalents outstanding-diluted
(1)   amounts exclude non-cash capital lease obligations, if any.

(2)   excludes statistical information related to divested facilities.

42
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

overview our principal business is owning and operating, through our subsidiaries, acute care hospitals and outpatient facilities and behavioral health care facilities.
as of february 26, 2020, we owned and/or operated 354 inpatient facilities and 42 outpatient and other facilities including the following located in 37 states, washington, d.c., the united kingdom and puerto rico:
acute care facilities located in the u.s.:
   26 inpatient acute care hospitals;

   14 free-standing emergency departments, and;

   6 outpatient centers &amp; 1 surgical hospital.

behavioral health care facilities (328 inpatient facilities and 21 outpatient facilities):
located in the u.s.:
   185 inpatient behavioral health care facilities, and;

   19 outpatient behavioral health care facilities.

located in the u.k.:
   140 inpatient behavioral health care facilities, and;

   2 outpatient behavioral health care facilities.

located in puerto rico:
   3 inpatient behavioral health care facilities.

as a percentage of our consolidated net revenues, net revenues from our acute care hospitals, outpatient facilities and commercial health insurer accounted for 54% during 2019 and 53% during each of 2018 and 2017. net revenues from our behavioral health care facilities and commercial health insurer accounted for 46% of our consolidated net revenues during 2019 and 47% during each of 2018 and 2017.
our behavioral health care facilities located in the u.k. generated net revenues of approximately $554 million in 2019, $505 million in 2018 and $429 million in 2017. total assets at our u.k. behavioral health care facilities were approximately $1.270 billion as of december 31, 2019, $1.224 billion as of december 31, 2018 and $1.098 billion as of december 31, 2017.
services provided by our hospitals include general and specialty surgery, internal medicine, obstetrics, emergency room care, radiology, oncology, diagnostic care, coronary care, pediatric services, pharmacy services and/or behavioral health services. we provide capital resources as well as a variety of management services to our facilities, including central purchasing, information services, finance and control systems, facilities planning, physician recruitment services, administrative personnel management, marketing and public relations.
forward-looking statements and risk factors you should carefully review the information contained in this annual report, and should particularly consider any risk factors that we set forth in this annual report and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). in this annual report, we state our beliefs of future events and of our future financial performance. this annual report contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our current estimates, expectations and projections about our future results, performance, prospects and opportunities. forward-looking statements include, among other things, the information concerning our possible future results of operations, business and growth strategies, financing plans, expectations that regulatory developments or other matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, our competitive position and the effects of competition, the projected growth of the industry in which we operate, and the benefits and synergies to be obtained from our completed and any future acquisitions, and statements of our goals and objectives, and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. words such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "predicts," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "appears," "projects" and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements.  in evaluating those statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks related to healthcare industry trends and those set forth herein in item 1a. risk factors.  those factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any of our forward-looking statements.
43
forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved. forward-looking information is based on information available at the time and/or our good faith belief with respect to future events, and is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. such factors include, among other things, the following:
   our ability to comply with the existing laws and government regulations, and/or changes in laws and government regulations;

   an increasing number of legislative initiatives have been passed into law that may result in major changes in the health care delivery system on a national or state level. legislation has already been enacted that has eliminated the penalty for failing to maintain health coverage that was part of the original patient protection and affordable care act (the "legislation"). president trump has already taken executive actions: (i) requiring all federal agencies with authorities and responsibilities under the legislation to "exercise all authority and discretion available to them to waiver, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay" parts of the legislation that place "unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens" on states, individuals or health care providers; (ii) the issuance of a final rule in june, 2018 by the department of labor to enable the formation of association health plans that would be exempt from certain legislation requirements such as the provision of essential health benefits; (iii) the issuance of a final rule in august, 2018 by the department of labor, treasury, and health and human services to expand the availability of short-term, limited duration health insurance, (iv) eliminating cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers that would otherwise offset deductibles and other out-of-pocket expenses for health plan enrollees at or below 250 percent of the federal poverty level; (v) relaxing requirements for state innovation waivers that could reduce enrollment in the individual and small group markets and lead to additional enrollment in short-term, limited duration insurance and association health plans; (vi) the issuance of a final rule in june, 2019 by the departments of labor, treasury, and health and human services that would incentivize the use of health reimbursement arrangements by employers to permit employees to purchase health insurance in the individual market, and; (vii) directing the issuance of federal rulemaking by executive agencies to increase transparency of healthcare price and quality information. the uncertainty resulting from these executive branch policies has led to reduced exchange enrollment in 2018, 2019 and 2020 and is expected to further worsen the individual and small group market risk pools in future years. it is also anticipated that these and future policies may create additional cost and reimbursement pressures on hospitals, including ours. in addition, while attempts to repeal the entirety of the legislation have not been successful to date, a key provision of the legislation was repealed as part of the tax cuts and jobs act and on december 14, 2018, a federal u.s. district court judge in texas ruled the entire legislation is unconstitutional. that ruling was stayed and has been appealed. on december 18, 2019, the 5th circuit court of appeals voted 2-1 to strike down the legislation individual mandate as unconstitutional and sent the case back to the u.s. district court in texas to determine which legislation provisions should be stricken with the mandate or whether the entire law is unconstitutional without the individual mandate. it is likely this matter will ultimately be appealed to the u.s. supreme court. we are unable to predict the final outcome of this matter which has caused greater uncertainty regarding the future status of the legislation. if all or any parts of the legislation are ultimately found to be unconstitutional, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. see below in sources of revenue and health care reform for additional disclosure;

   possible unfavorable changes in the levels and terms of reimbursement for our charges by third party payers or government based payers, including medicare or medicaid in the united states, and government based payers in the united kingdom;

   our ability to enter into managed care provider agreements on acceptable terms and the ability of our competitors to do the same, including contracts with united/sierra healthcare in las vegas, nevada. effective january, 2020, united/sierra healthcare in las vegas, entered into an agreement with a competitor health system that was previously excluded from their contractual network in the area. as a result, we believe that our 6 acute care hospitals in the las vegas, nevada market, will likely experience a decrease in patient volumes. however, we have entered into an amended agreement with united/sierra healthcare related to our hospitals in the las vegas market that provide for various rate increases beginning in january, 2020. although we estimate that the unfavorable impact of the projected decreases in patient volumes should be largely offset by the favorable impact of the increased rates, we can provide no assurance that these developments will not have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations;

   the outcome of known and unknown litigation, government investigations, false claims act allegations, and liabilities and other claims asserted against us and other matters as disclosed in item 3. legal proceedings, and the effects of adverse publicity relating to such matters;

   the potential unfavorable impact on our business of deterioration in national, regional and local economic and business conditions, including a worsening of unfavorable credit market conditions;

   competition from other healthcare providers (including physician owned facilities) in certain markets;

44
   technological and pharmaceutical improvements that increase the cost of providing, or reduce the demand for healthcare;

   our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, nurses, physicians and other healthcare professionals and the impact on our labor expenses resulting from a shortage of nurses and other healthcare professionals;

   demographic changes;

   the availability of suitable acquisition and divestiture opportunities and our ability to successfully integrate and improve our acquisitions since failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits from certain of our prior or future acquisitions could result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangibles;

   the impact of severe weather conditions, including the effects of hurricanes and climate change;

   as discussed below in sources of revenue, we receive revenues from various state and county based programs, including medicaid in all the states in which we operate (we receive medicaid revenues in excess of $100 million annually from each of california, texas, nevada, washington, d.c., pennsylvania and illinois); cms-approved medicaid supplemental programs in certain states including texas, mississippi, illinois, oklahoma, nevada, arkansas, california and indiana, and; state medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments in certain states including texas and south carolina. we are therefore particularly sensitive to potential reductions in medicaid and other state based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states. we can provide no assurance that reductions to revenues earned pursuant to these programs, particularly in the above-mentioned states, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations;

   our ability to continue to obtain capital on acceptable terms, including borrowed funds, to fund the future growth of our business;

   our inpatient acute care and behavioral health care facilities may experience decreasing admission and length of stay trends;

   our financial statements reflect large amounts due from various commercial and private payers and there can be no assurance that failure of the payers to remit amounts due to us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations;

   in august, 2011, the budget control act of 2011 (the "2011 act") was enacted into law. the 2011 act imposed annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by $917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the congressional budget office. among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan congressional committee, known as the joint select committee on deficit reduction (the "joint committee"), which was tasked with making recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. the joint committee was unable to reach an agreement by the november 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and medicare spending were implemented on march 1, 2013 resulting in medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year with a uniform percentage reduction across all medicare programs. the bipartisan budget act of 2015, enacted on november 2, 2015, continued the 2% reductions to medicare reimbursement imposed under the 2011 act. subsequent legislation enacted by congress extended reductions through 2029. we cannot predict whether congress will restructure the implemented medicare payment reductions or what other federal budget deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by congress going forward;

   uninsured and self-pay patients treated at our acute care facilities unfavorably impact our ability to satisfactorily and timely collect our self-pay patient accounts;

   changes in our business strategies or development plans;

   in june, 2016, the united kingdom affirmatively voted in a non-binding referendum in favor of the exit of the united kingdom ("u.k.")from the european union (the "brexit") and it was approved by vote of the british legislature. on march 29, 2017, the united kingdom triggered article 50 of the lisbon treaty, formally starting negotiations regarding its exit from the european union. on january 31, 2020, the u.k. formally exited the european union. the u.k. and the european union will now enter into a transition period in which the terms of the future relationship must be negotiated. the outcome of these negotiations is uncertain, and we do not know to what extent brexit will ultimately impact the business and regulatory environment in the u.k., the european union, or other countries. the u.k. will continue to follow european union rules through at least december 31, 2020 (the "transition period"). the transition period may be extended through december 31, 2022. any of these effects of brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations;

   fluctuations in the value of our common stock, and;

   other factors referenced herein or in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission.

45
given these uncertainties, risks and assumptions, as outlined above, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. our actual results and financial condition could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. we assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except as may be required by law. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
a summary of our significant accounting policies is outlined in note 1 to the financial statements. we consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require us to make significant judgments and estimates when we prepare our financial statements, including the following:
revenue recognition: on january 1, 2018, we adopted, using the modified retrospective approach, asu 2014-09 and asu 2016-08, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" and "revenue from contracts with customers: principal versus agent considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net)", respectively, which provides guidance for revenue recognition. the standard's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. the most significant change from the adoption of the new standard relates to our estimation for the allowance for doubtful accounts. under the previous standards, our estimate for amounts not expected to be collected based upon our historical experience, were reflected as provision for doubtful accounts, included within net revenue. under the new standard, our estimate for amounts not expected to be collected based on historical experience will continue to be recognized as a reduction to net revenue, however, not reflected separately as provision for doubtful accounts. under the new standard, subsequent changes in estimate of collectability due to a change in the financial status of a payer, for example a bankruptcy, will be recognized as bad debt expense in operating charges. the adoption of this asu in 2018, and amounts recognized as bad debt expense and included in other operating expenses, did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements-revenue recognition, for additional disclosure related to our revenues including a disaggregation of our consolidated net revenues by major source for each of the periods presented herein.
we report net patient service revenue at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients and third-party payers and others for services rendered. we have agreements with third-party payers that provide for payments to us at amounts different from our established rates. payment arrangements include rates per discharge, reimbursed costs, discounted charges and per diem payments. estimates of contractual allowances, which represent explicit price concessions under asc 606, under managed care plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. we closely monitor our historical collection rates, as well as changes in applicable laws, rules and regulations and contract terms, to assure that provisions are made using the most accurate information available. however, due to the complexities involved in these estimations, actual payments from payers may be different from the amounts we estimate and record.
we estimate our medicare and medicaid revenues using the latest available financial information, patient utilization data, government provided data and in accordance with applicable medicare and medicaid payment rules and regulations. the laws and regulations governing the medicare and medicaid programs are extremely complex and subject to interpretation and as a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility that recorded estimates will change by material amounts in the near term. certain types of payments by the medicare program and state medicaid programs (e.g. medicare disproportionate share hospital, medicare allowable bad debts and inpatient psychiatric services) are subject to retroactive adjustment in future periods as a result of administrative review and audit and our estimates may vary from the final settlements. such amounts are included in accounts receivable, net, on our consolidated balance sheets. the funding of both federal medicare and state medicaid programs are subject to legislative and regulatory changes. as such, we cannot provide any assurance that future legislation and regulations, if enacted, will not have a material impact on our future medicare and medicaid reimbursements. adjustments related to the final settlement of these retrospectively determined amounts did not materially impact our results in 2019, 2018 or 2017. if it were to occur, each 1% adjustment to our estimated net medicare revenues that are subject to retrospective review and settlement as of december 31, 2019, would change our after-tax net income by approximately $1 million.
charity care, uninsured discounts and other adjustments to revenue: collection of receivables from third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the bill which is the patient's responsibility, primarily co-payments and deductibles. we estimate our
46
revenue adjustments for implicit price concessions based on general factors such as payer mix, the aging of the receivables and historical collection experience, consistent with our estimates for provisions for doubtful accounts under asc 605.  we routinely review accounts receivable balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions which might ultimately affect the collectability of the patient accounts and make adjustments to our allowances as warranted. at our acute care hospitals, third party liability accounts are pursued until all payment and adjustments are posted to the patient account. for those accounts with a patient balance after third party liability is finalized or accounts for uninsured patients, the patient receives statements and collection letters.
under asc 605, our hospitals established a partial reserve for self-pay accounts in the allowance for doubtful accounts for both unbilled balances and those that have been billed and were under 90 days old. all self-pay accounts were fully reserved at 90 days from the date of discharge. third party liability accounts were fully reserved in the allowance for doubtful accounts when the balance aged past 180 days from the date of discharge. patients that express an inability to pay were reviewed for potential sources of financial assistance including our charity care policy. if the patient was deemed unwilling to pay, the account was written-off as bad debt and transferred to an outside collection agency for additional collection effort.  under asc 606, while similar processes and methodologies are considered, these revenue adjustments are considered at the time the services are provided in determination of the transaction price.
historically, a significant portion of the patients treated throughout our portfolio of acute care hospitals are uninsured patients which, in part, has resulted from patients who are employed but do not have health insurance or who have policies with relatively high deductibles. patients treated at our hospitals for non-elective services, who have gross income of various amounts, dependent upon the state, ranging from 200% to 400% of the federal poverty guidelines, are deemed eligible for charity care. the federal poverty guidelines are established by the federal government and are based on income and family size. because we do not pursue collection of amounts that qualify as charity care, the transaction price is fully adjusted and there is no impact in our net revenues or in our accounts receivable, net.
a portion of the accounts receivable at our acute care facilities are comprised of medicaid accounts that are pending approval from third-party payers but we also have smaller amounts due from other miscellaneous payers such as county indigent programs in certain states. our patient registration process includes an interview of the patient or the patient's responsible party at the time of registration. at that time, an insurance eligibility determination is made and an insurance plan code is assigned. there are various pre-established insurance profiles in our patient accounting system which determine the expected insurance reimbursement for each patient based on the insurance plan code assigned and the services rendered. certain patients may be classified as medicaid pending at registration based upon a screening evaluation if we are unable to definitively determine if they are currently medicaid eligible. when a patient is registered as medicaid eligible or medicaid pending, our patient accounting system records net revenues for services provided to that patient based upon the established medicaid reimbursement rates, subject to the ultimate disposition of the patient's medicaid eligibility. when the patient's ultimate eligibility is determined, reclassifications may occur which impacts net revenues in future periods. although the patient's ultimate eligibility determination may result in adjustments to net revenues, these adjustments do not have a material impact on our results of operations in 2019, 2018 or 2017 since our facilities make estimates at each financial reporting period to adjust revenue based on historical collections.  under asc 605, these estimates were reported in the provision for doubtful accounts.
we also provide discounts to uninsured patients (included in "uninsured discounts" amounts below) who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care. because we do not pursue collection of amounts classified as uninsured discounts, the transaction price is fully adjusted and there is no impact in our net revenues or in our net accounts receivable. in implementing the discount policy, we first attempt to qualify uninsured patients for governmental programs, charity care or any other discount program. if an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied.
uncompensated care (charity care and uninsured discounts):
the following table shows the amounts recorded at our acute care hospitals for charity care and uninsured discounts, based on charges at established rates, for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017:
(dollar amounts in thousands)

2019                                       2018                                        2017
amount               %                      amount               %                    amount               %
charity care                           $672,326              31   %                $761,783              40   %              $887,136              50   %
uninsured discounts                   1,511,738              69   %               1,132,811              60   %               881,265              50   %
total uncompensated care             $2,184,064             100   %              $1,894,594             100   %            $1,768,401             100   %
47
the estimated cost of providing uncompensated care:
the estimated cost of providing uncompensated care, as reflected below, were based on a calculation which multiplied the percentage of operating expenses for our acute care hospitals to gross charges for those hospitals by the above-mentioned total uncompensated care amounts. the percentage of cost to gross charges is calculated based on the total operating expenses for our acute care facilities divided by gross patient service revenue for those facilities. an increase in the level of uninsured patients to our facilities and the resulting adverse trends in the adjustments to net revenues and uncompensated care provided could have a material unfavorable impact on our future operating results.
(amounts in thousands)

2019                      2018                       2017
estimated cost of providing charity care                                  $77,886                    $94,088                   $120,208
estimated cost of providing uninsured discounts related care              175,128                    139,913                    119,412
estimated cost of providing uncompensated care                           $253,014                   $234,001                   $239,620
self-insured/other insurance risks: we provide for self-insured risks including general and professional liability claims, workers' compensation claims and healthcare and dental claims. our estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims is based on a number of factors including, among other things, the number of asserted claims and reported incidents, estimates of losses for these claims based on recent and historical settlement amounts, estimate of incurred but not reported claims based on historical experience, and estimates of amounts recoverable under our commercial insurance policies. all relevant information, including our own historical experience is used in estimating the expected amount of claims. while we continuously monitor these factors, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates due to inherent uncertainties involved in making this estimate. our estimated self-insured reserves are reviewed and changed, if necessary, at each reporting date and changes are recognized currently as additional expense or as a reduction of expense. in addition, we also: (i) own commercial health insurers headquartered in reno, nevada, and puerto rico and; (ii) maintain self-insured employee benefits programs for employee healthcare and dental claims. the ultimate costs related to these programs/operations include expenses for claims incurred and paid in addition to an accrual for the estimated expenses incurred in connection with claims incurred but not yet reported. given our significant insurance-related exposure, there can be no assurance that a sharp increase in the number and/or severity of claims asserted against us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements-commitments and contingencies, for additional disclosure related to our professional and general liability, workers' compensation liability and property insurance.
long-lived assets: we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. the assessment of possible impairment is based on our ability to recover the carrying value of our asset based on our estimate of its undiscounted future cash flow. if the analysis indicates that the carrying value is not recoverable from future cash flows, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized. fair values are determined based on estimated future cash flows using appropriate discount rates.
goodwill and intangible assets: goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis or sooner if the indicators of impairment arise. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and operational performance of each reporting unit.  we have designated october 1st as our annual impairment assessment date for our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.
we performed an impairment assessment as of october 1, 2019 which indicated no impairment of goodwill.  there were also no goodwill impairments during 2018 or 2017.
our 2019 and 2018 financial results included aggregate pre-tax provisions for asset impairments of $98 million and $49 million, respectively, recorded in connection with foundations recovery network, l.l.c. ("foundations"), which was acquired by us in 2015. these pre-tax provisions for asset impairments include: (i) a $124 million impairment provision to write-off the carrying value of the foundations' tradename intangible asset ($75 million recorded during 2019 and $49 million recorded during 2018), and; (ii) a $23 million impairment provision recorded during 2019 to reduce the carrying value of real property assets of certain foundations' facilities. please see below in provision for asset impairment-foundations recovery network for additional information.
future changes in the estimates used to conduct the impairment review, including profitability and market value projections, could indicate impairment in future periods potentially resulting in a write-off of a portion or all of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets.
income taxes: deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the amount of taxes payable or deductible in future years as a result of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. we
48
believe that future income will enable us to realize our deferred tax assets net of recorded valuation allowances relating to state and foreign net operating loss carry-forwards, foreign tax credits, and interest deduction limitations.
on december 22, 2017, the president of the united states signed into law comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tcja-17").  the tcja-17 made broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) requiring current inclusion in u.s. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations through the implementation of a territorial tax system; (5) creating a new limitation on deductible interest expense, and; (6) limiting certain other deductions. we provided a provisional estimate of the effects of the tcja-17 in the fourth quarter of 2017 financial statements.  in the fourth quarter of 2018, we completed our analysis to determine the effects of the tcja-17 in accordance with staff accounting bulletin no. 118 as follows:
reduction of u.s. federal corporate tax rate:  the tcja-17 reduces the corporate tax rate to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018.  deferred income taxes are based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities under the provisions of the enacted laws.  for certain of our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, we recorded a provisional decrease of $97 million and $127 million, respectively, with a corresponding net adjustment to deferred tax benefit of $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2017.  upon completion of our 2017 u.s. corporate income tax return, an increase of $1 million attributable to certain deferred tax assets and a decrease of $5 million attributable to certain deferred tax liabilities was recorded resulting in an additional net deferred tax benefit of $6 million.
deemed repatriation transition tax:  the deemed repatriation transition tax ("transition tax") is a tax on previously untaxed accumulated and current earnings and profits ("e&p") of certain of our foreign subsidiaries.  the one-time transition tax is based upon the amount of post-1986 e&p of the relevant subsidiaries, the amount of non-u.s. income tax paid on such earnings, as well as other factors.  we originally estimated and recorded a provisional transition tax obligation of $11.3 million.  upon completion of our 2017 u.s. corporate income tax return, the final transition tax increased by $100,000 for a total of $11.4 million.
we operate in multiple jurisdictions with varying tax laws. we are subject to audits by any of these taxing authorities. our tax returns have been examined by the internal revenue service through the year ended december 31, 2006. we believe that adequate accruals have been provided for federal, foreign and state taxes.
see provision for income taxes and effective tax rates below for discussion of our effective tax rates during each of the last three years.
recent accounting pronouncements:  for a summary of recent accounting pronouncements, please see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements-accounting standards as included in this report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
49
results of operations the following table summarizes our results of operations, and is used in the discussion below, for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2019                                              2018                                              2017
% of net                                          % of net                                           % of net amount              revenues                      amount              revenues                       amount              revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts                                                                                                                  $11,278,942
less: provision for doubtful accounts                                                                                                                                    869,077
net revenues                                                    $11,378,259                 100.0   %             $10,772,278                 100.0   %               10,409,865                 100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                      5,588,893                  49.1   %               5,254,536                  48.8   %                4,980,637                  47.8   %
other operating expenses                                          2,723,911                  23.9   %               2,614,687                  24.3   %                2,493,062                  23.9   %
supplies expense                                                  1,251,346                  11.0   %               1,168,654                  10.8   %                1,105,096                  10.6   %
depreciation and amortization                                       490,392                   4.3   %                 453,045                   4.2   %                  447,765                   4.3   %
lease and rental expense                                            107,809                   0.9   %                 106,094                   1.0   %                  103,127                   1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                      10,162,351                  89.3   %               9,597,016                  89.1   %                9,129,687                  87.7   %
income from operations                                            1,215,908                  10.7   %               1,175,262                  10.9   %                1,280,178                  12.3   %
interest expense, net                                               162,733                   1.4   %                 154,956                   1.4   %                  145,169                   1.4   %
other (income) expense, net                                         (13,162   )              -0.1   %                 (14,219   )              -0.1   %                        0                   0.0   %
income before income taxes                                        1,066,337                   9.4   %               1,034,525                   9.6   %                1,135,009                  10.9   %
provision for income taxes                                          238,794                   2.1   %                 236,642                   2.2   %                  363,697                   3.5   %
net income                                                          827,543                   7.3   %                 797,883                   7.4   %                  771,312                   7.4   %
less: net income attributable to                                     12,689                   0.1   %                  18,178                   0.2   %                   19,009                   0.2   %
noncontrolling interests net income attributable to uhs                                     $814,854                   7.2   %                $779,705                   7.2   %                 $752,303                   7.2   %
year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018:
net revenues increased 5.6%, or $606 million, to $11.38 billion during 2019 as compared to $10.77 billion during 2018. the increase was primarily attributable to:
   a $583 million or 5.5% increase in net revenues generated from our acute care and behavioral health care operations owned during both periods (which we refer to as "same facility"), and;

   $23 million of other combined net revenue increases due primarily to the revenues generated at 25 behavioral health facilities located in the u.k. acquired during the third quarter of 2018 in connection with our acquisition of the danshell group.

income before income taxes increased $32 million to $1.07 billion during 2019 as compared to $1.03 billion during 2018. the net increase in our income before income taxes during 2019, as compared to 2018, was due to the following:
   an increase of $5 million as discussed below in acute care hospital services;

   an increase of $34 million as discussed below in behavioral health services, excluding the asset impairment charges recorded during 2019 and 2018 related to foundations recovery network, llc, as discussed below;

   a net increase of $91 million due to a favorable change in the pre-tax increases recorded during 2019 and 2018 to the reserve established in connection with the civil aspects of the government's investigation of certain of our behavioral health care facilities ($11 million pre-tax reserve increase recorded during 2019 as compared to a $102 million pre-tax increase recorded during 2018), see item 3 - legal proceedings for additional disclosure;

   a net decrease of $49 million from an increase in the asset impairment charges recorded during 2019 ($98 million) and 2018 ($49 million) in connection with foundations recovery network, llc which was acquired by us during 2015 (see other operating results-provision for asset impairment-foundations recovery network below for additional disclosure);

   a decrease of $8 million resulting from an increase in interest expense, as discussed below in other operating results-interest expense, and;

50
   $41 million of other combined net decreases.

net income attributable to uhs increased $35 million to $815 million during 2019 as compared to $780 million during 2018.
the increase consisted of:
   an increase of $32 million in income before income taxes, as discussed above;

   an increase of $5 million due to a decrease in the income attributable to noncontrolling interests, and;

   a decrease of $2 million resulting from a net increase in the provision for income taxes resulting primarily from: (i) an increase in the provision for income taxes due to the $32 million increase in pre-tax income; (ii) a $6 million increase in the provision for income taxes recorded during 2019 resulting from the net estimated federal and state income taxes due on the portion of the reserve established in connection with the civil aspects of the government's investigation of certain of our behavioral health care facilities that is estimated to be non-deductible for income tax purposes, partially offset by; (iii) a decrease in the provision for income taxes of $11 million resulting from our adoption of asu 2016-09 which decreased our provision for income taxes by approximately $12 million during 2019, as compared to a decrease of approximately $1 million during 2018. please see additional disclosure below in other operating results-provision for income taxes and effective tax rates.

year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017:
net revenues increased 3.5% or $362 million to $10.77 billion during 2018 as compared to $10.41 billion during 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to:
   a $369 million or 3.6% increase in net revenues generated from our acute care and behavioral health care operations on a same facility basis, and;

   $7 million of other combined net revenue decreases.

income before income taxes decreased $100 million to $1.03 billion during 2018 as compared to $1.14 billion during 2017. the net decrease in our income before income taxes during 2018, as compared to 2017, was due to the following:
   an increase of $67 million as discussed below in acute care hospital services;

   a decrease of $4 million as discussed below in behavioral health services (excluding the $49 million intangible asset impairment charge recorded during 2018, as discussed below);

   a decrease of $102 million due to an increase recorded during 2018 to the reserve established in connection with the civil aspects of the government's investigation of certain of our behavioral health care facilities (please see item 3 - legal proceedings for additional disclosure);

   a decrease of $49 million from an intangible asset (tradename) impairment charge recorded during 2018 in connection with foundations recovery network, llc which was acquired by us during 2015 (see additional disclosure below in other operating results-provision for asset impairment-foundations recovery network);

   a decrease of $10 million resulting from an increase in interest expense, as discussed below in other operating results-interest expense, and;

   $2 million of other combined net decreases.

net income attributable to uhs increased $27 million to $780 million during 2018 as compared to $752 million during 2017.
the increase consisted of:
   a decrease of $100 million in income before income taxes, as discussed above;

   an increase of $1 million due to a decrease in the income attributable to noncontrolling interests, and;

   an increase of $127 million resulting from a net decrease in the provision for income taxes resulting primarily from: (i) a decrease in the provision for income taxes resulting from the $99 million decrease in pre-tax income; (ii) a decrease in the provision for income taxes during 2018 resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 which, among other things, reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%; (iii) a decrease resulting from an $11 million increase in the provision for income taxes recorded during 2017 due to the repatriation tax incurred pursuant to the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (in connection with our behavioral health care facilities located in the u.k), partially offset by; (iv) an increase resulting from a $30 million decrease in the provision for income taxes recorded during 2017 due to a reduction

51
in our net deferred income tax liability resulting from a lower federal income tax rate beginning january 1, 2018 pursuant to the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, and; (v) a $21 million increase to our provision for income taxes due to an unfavorable change resulting from our january 1, 2017 adoption of asu 2016-09, which decreased our provision for income taxes by $1 million during 2018 as compared to $22 million during 2017.

acute care hospital services year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018:
acute care hospital services-same facility basis we believe that providing our results on a "same facility" basis (which is a non-gaap measure), which includes the operating results for facilities and businesses operated in both the current year and prior year periods, is helpful to our investors as a measure of our operating performance. our same facility results also neutralize (if applicable) the effect of items that are non-operational in nature including items such as, but not limited to, gains/losses on sales of assets and businesses, impacts of settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits, impairments of long-lived and intangible assets and other amounts that may be reflected in the current or prior year financial statements that relate to prior periods.
our same facility basis results reflected on the tables below also exclude from net revenues and other operating expenses, provider tax assessments incurred in each period as discussed below sources of revenue-various state medicaid supplemental payment programs. however, these provider tax assessments are included in net revenues and other operating expenses as reflected in the table below under all acute care hospital services. the provider tax assessments had no impact on the income before income taxes as reflected on the tables below since the amounts offset between net revenues and other operating expenses. to obtain a complete understanding of our financial performance, the same facility results should be examined in connection with our net income as determined in accordance with gaap and as presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table summarizes the results of operations for our acute care hospital services on a same facility basis and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended

december 31, 2019                               december 31, 2018
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues                    $6,053,228                          100.0   %   $5,621,338                          100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits            2,556,383                    42.2   %           2,366,985                    42.1   %
other operating expenses                1,364,735                    22.5   %           1,242,521                    22.1   %
supplies expense                        1,048,639                    17.3   %             968,067                    17.2   %
depreciation and amortization             304,206                     5.0   %             278,661                     5.0   %
lease and rental expense                   60,324                     1.0   %              57,235                     1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses             5,334,287                    88.1   %           4,913,469                    87.4   %
income from operations                    718,941                    11.9   %             707,869                    12.6   %
interest expense, net                       1,330                     0.0   %               1,658                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                   (32    )                0.0   %              (2,498    )                0.0   %
income before income taxes      $717,643                             11.9   %   $708,709                             12.6   %
on a same facility basis during 2019, as compared to 2018, net revenues from our acute care services increased $432 million or 7.7%. income before income taxes increased $9 million or 1% to $718 million or 11.9% of net revenues during 2019 as compared to $709 million or 12.6% of net revenues during 2018.
inpatient admissions to our acute care hospitals owned during both years increased 4.6% during 2019, as compared to 2018, while patient days increased 5.4%. adjusted admissions (adjusted for outpatient activity) increased 4.8% and adjusted patient days increased 5.7% during 2019, as compared to 2018. the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities was 4.6 days during 2019 and 4.5 days during 2018. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 64% during 2019 and 62% during 2018. on a same facility basis, net revenue per adjusted admission at these facilities increased 2.5% during 2019, as compared to 2018, and net revenue per adjusted patient day increased 1.7% during 2019, as compared to 2018.
52
all acute care hospital services the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our acute care operations during 2019 and 2018. these amounts include: (i) our acute care results on a same facility basis, as indicated above; (ii) the impact of provider tax assessments which increased net revenues and other operating expenses but had no impact on income before income taxes, and; (iii) certain other amounts including, if applicable, the results of recently acquired/opened ancillary businesses. dollar amounts below are reflected in thousands.
year ended                                      year ended

december 31, 2019                               december 31, 2018
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues                    $6,164,560                          100.0   %   $5,719,905                          100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits            2,559,682                    41.5   %           2,367,014                    41.4   %
other operating expenses                1,474,674                    23.9   %           1,341,088                    23.4   %
supplies expense                        1,049,747                    17.0   %             968,067                    16.9   %
depreciation and amortization             305,264                     5.0   %             278,661                     4.9   %
lease and rental expense                   60,485                     1.0   %              57,235                     1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses             5,449,852                    88.4   %           5,012,065                    87.6   %
income from operations                    714,708                    11.6   %             707,840                    12.4   %
interest expense, net                       1,330                     0.0   %               1,658                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                   (32    )                0.0   %              (2,498    )                0.0   %
income before income taxes      $713,410                             11.6   %   $708,680                             12.4   %
during 2019, as compared to 2018, net revenues generated from our acute care hospital services increased $445 million or 7.8% to $6.16 billion due primarily to: (i) a $432 million, or 7.7%, increase same facility revenues, as discussed above, and; (ii) other combined net increase of $13 million due primarily to increased provider tax assessments incurred during 2019 as compared to 2018.
income before income taxes increased $5 million to $713 million or 11.6% of net revenues during 2019 as compared to $709 million or 12.4% of net revenues during 2018.  the increase resulted from the $9 million increase in income before income taxes from our acute care hospital services, on a same facility basis, as discussed above, partially offset by $4 million of other combined net unfavorable changes.
year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017:
acute care hospital services-same facility basis the following table summarizes the results of operations for our acute care hospital services on a same facility basis and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended

december 31, 2018                               december 31, 2017
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts                                                   $6,128,103
less: provision for doubtful accounts                                                                           755,615
net revenues                                          $5,618,428                          100.0   %           5,372,488                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  2,366,078                    42.1   %           2,241,127                    41.7   %
other operating expenses                                      1,238,787                    22.0   %           1,244,186                    23.2   %
supplies expense                                                967,833                    17.2   %             905,164                    16.8   %
depreciation and amortization                                   278,558                     5.0   %             262,950                     4.9   %
lease and rental expense                                         57,229                     1.0   %              57,208                     1.1   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   4,908,485                    87.4   %           4,710,635                    87.7   %
income from operations                                          709,943                    12.6   %             661,853                    12.3   %
interest expense, net                                             1,658                     0.0   %               2,684                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                                      (2,498    )                0.0   %   0                                     0.0   %
income before income taxes                            $710,783                             12.7   %   $659,169                             12.3   %
53
on a same facility basis during 2018, as compared to 2017, net revenues from our acute care services increased $246 million or 4.6%. income before income taxes increased $52 million or 8% to $711 million or 12.7% of net revenues during 2018 as compared to $659 million or 12.3% of net revenues during 2017.
inpatient admissions to our acute care hospitals owned during both years increased 2.2% during 2018, as compared to 2017, while patient days increased 4.9%. adjusted admissions (adjusted for outpatient activity) increased 2.1% and adjusted patient days increased 4.8% during 2018, as compared to 2017. the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities was 4.5 days during 2018 and 4.4 days during 2017. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 62% during 2018 and 60% during 2017. on a same facility basis, net revenue per adjusted admission at these facilities increased 4.1% during 2018, as compared to 2017, and net revenue per adjusted patient day increased 1.4% during 2018, as compared to 2017.
all acute care hospital services the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our acute care operations during 2018 and 2017. these amounts include: (i) our acute care results on a same facility basis, as indicated above; (ii) the impact of the implementation of ehr applications at our acute care hospitals (beginning in 2018, the ehr impact is included in our same facility results as well as all acute care hospitals); (iii) the impact of provider tax assessments which increased net revenues and other operating expenses but had no impact on income before income taxes, and; (iv) certain other amounts that were included in our results of operations that relate to prior years, as discussed below. dollar amounts below are reflected in thousands.
year ended                                      year ended

december 31, 2018                               december 31, 2017
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts                                                   $6,240,302
less: provision for doubtful accounts                                                                           755,619
net revenues                                          $5,719,905                          100.0   %           5,484,683                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  2,367,014                    41.4   %           2,241,527                    40.9   %
other operating expenses                                      1,341,088                    23.4   %           1,350,741                    24.6   %
supplies expense                                                968,067                    16.9   %             905,165                    16.5   %
depreciation and amortization                                   278,661                     4.9   %             285,501                     5.2   %
lease and rental expense                                         57,235                     1.0   %              57,208                     1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   5,012,065                    87.6   %           4,840,142                    88.2   %
income from operations                                          707,840                    12.4   %             644,541                    11.8   %
interest expense, net                                             1,658                     0.0   %               2,684                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                                      (2,498    )                0.0   %   0                                     0.0   %
income before income taxes                            $708,680                             12.4   %   $641,857                             11.7   %
during 2018, as compared to 2017, net revenues generated from our acute care hospital services increased $235 million or 4.3% to $5.72 billion due primarily to: (i) a $246 million, or 4.6%, increase same facility revenues, as discussed above, and; (ii) other combined net decrease of $11 million due primarily to $15 million of revenues received during 2017 in connection with medicaid settlements related to prior years.
income before income taxes increased $67 million to $709 million or 12.4% of net revenues during 2018 as compared to $642 million or 11.7% of net revenues during 2017.
included in these results are the following:
   the $52 million increase in income before income taxes from our acute care hospital services, on a same facility basis, as discussed above, and;

   other combined net increase of $15 million resulting primarily from: (i) the unfavorable change caused by the income recorded during 2017 in connection with medicaid settlements relating to prior years ($15 million), offset by the following favorable changes; (ii) the depreciation and amortization expense incurred in connection with the implementation of ehr applications at our acute care hospitals (this expense, which amounted to approximately $22 million during 2017, was excluded from our same facility basis results prior to january 1, 2018, however, the impact is included in our same facility basis results thereafter since the amount no longer materially impacts our results of operations), and; (iii) increased

54
professional and general liability expense relating to prior years that was recorded during 2017, based upon a reserve analysis ($9 million).

behavioral health care services year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018
behavioral health care services-same facility basis our same facility basis results (which is a non-gaap measure), which include the operating results for facilities and businesses operated in both the current year and prior year period, neutralize (if applicable) the effect of items that are non-operational in nature including items such as, but not limited to, gains/losses on sales of assets and businesses, impact of the reserve established in connection with the civil aspects of the government's investigation of certain of our behavioral health care facilities, impacts of settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits, impairments of long-lived and intangible assets and other amounts that may be reflected in the current or prior year financial statements that relate to prior periods. our same facility basis results reflected on the table below also excludes from net revenues and other operating expenses, provider tax assessments incurred in each period as discussed below sources of revenue-various state medicaid supplemental payment programs. however, these provider tax assessments are included in net revenues and other operating expenses as reflected in the table below under all behavioral health care services. the provider tax assessments had no impact on the income before income taxes as reflected on the tables below since the amounts offset between net revenues and other operating expenses. to obtain a complete understanding of our financial performance, the same facility results should be examined in connection with our net income as determined in accordance with gaap and as presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table summarizes the results of operations for our behavioral health care services, on a same facility basis, and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended

december 31, 2019                               december 31, 2018
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues                    $5,058,199                          100.0   %   $4,907,002                          100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits            2,687,677                    53.1   %           2,577,411                    52.5   %
other operating expenses                  947,073                    18.7   %             939,220                    19.1   %
supplies expense                          199,578                     3.9   %             197,243                     4.0   %
depreciation and amortization             163,963                     3.2   %             155,652                     3.2   %
lease and rental expense                   44,123                     0.9   %              45,673                     0.9   %
subtotal-operating expenses             4,042,414                    79.9   %           3,915,199                    79.8   %
income from operations                  1,015,785                    20.1   %             991,803                    20.2   %
interest expense, net                       1,460                     0.0   %               1,597                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                  (380    )                0.0   %               2,530                     0.1   %
income before income taxes      $1,014,705                           20.1   %   $987,676                             20.1   %
on a same facility basis during 2019, as compared to 2018, net revenues generated from our behavioral health care services increased $151 million or 3.1% to $5.06 billion during 2019 as compared to $4.91 billion during 2018. income before income taxes increased $27 million or 3% to $1.01 billion or 20.1% of net revenues during 2019 as compared to $988 million or 20.1% of net revenues during 2018.
inpatient admissions to our behavioral health care facilities owned during both years increased 1.1% during 2019, as compared to 2018, while patient days increased 0.5%. adjusted admissions increased 1.2% and adjusted patient days increased 0.6% during 2019, as compared to 2018. the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities were 13.1 days and 13.2 days during 2019 and 2018, respectively. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, were 76% during each of 2019 and 2018.  on a same facility basis, net revenue per adjusted admission at these facilities increased 2.2% during 2019, as compared to 2018, and net revenue per adjusted patient day increased 2.7% during 2019, as compared to 2018.
during 2019, as compared to longer term historical trends, admission growth slowed, in part, due to labor shortages in selected geographies which reduced our ability to fully meet the demand of patients eligible for admission.
55
all behavioral health care services the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our behavioral health care services during 2019 and 2018. these amounts include: (i) our behavioral health care results on a same facility basis, as indicated above; (ii) the impact of provider tax assessments which increased net revenues and other operating expenses but had no impact on income before income taxes; (iii) provision for asset impairments recorded during 2019 and 2018 in connection with foundations recovery network, l.l.c., and; (iv) certain other amounts including the results of facilities acquired or opened during the past year as well as the results of certain facilities that were closed or restructured during the past year. dollar amounts below are reflected in thousands.
year ended                                      year ended

december 31, 2019                               december 31, 2018
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues                    $5,210,063                          100.0   %   $5,038,874                          100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits            2,739,871                    52.6   %           2,617,337                    51.9   %
other operating expenses                1,152,733                    22.1   %           1,091,102                    21.7   %
supplies expense                          201,114                     3.9   %             200,008                     4.0   %
depreciation and amortization             172,697                     3.3   %             163,155                     3.2   %
lease and rental expense                   46,799                     0.9   %              48,316                     1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses             4,313,214                    82.8   %           4,119,918                    81.8   %
income from operations                    896,849                    17.2   %             918,956                    18.2   %
interest expense, net                       1,460                     0.0   %               1,597                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                (5,576    )               -0.1   %               1,842                     0.0   %
income before income taxes      $900,965                             17.3   %   $915,517                             18.2   %
during 2019, as compared to 2018, net revenues generated from our behavioral health care services increased $171 million, or 3.4%, to $5.21 billion during 2019 as compared to $5.04 billion during 2018. the increase in net revenues was attributable to: (i) $151 million or 3.1% increase in same facility revenues, as discussed above, and; (ii) a $20 million other combined net increase consisting primarily of the revenues generated at the 25 behavioral health facilities acquired in the u.k. acquired during the third quarter of 2018 in connection with our acquisition of the danshell group.
income before income taxes decreased $15 million or 2% to $901 million or 17.3% of net revenues during 2019 as compared to $916 billion or 18.2% of net revenues during 2018. the decrease in income before income taxes at our behavioral health facilities was attributable to:
   a $27 million increase at our behavioral health facilities on a same facility basis, as discussed above;

   a net decrease of $49 million from the asset impairment charges recorded during 2019 ($98 million) and 2018 ($49 million) in connection with foundations recovery network, llc which was acquired by us during 2015 (see other operating results-provision for asset impairment-foundations recovery network below for additional disclosure), and;

   other combined net increase of $7 million including a $6 million gain on asset disposal recording during 2019.

56
year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
behavioral health care services-same facility basis the following table summarizes the results of operations for our behavioral health care services, on a same facility basis, and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended

december 31, 2018                               december 31, 2017
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts                                                   $4,878,039
less: provision for doubtful accounts                                                                           110,030
net revenues                                          $4,891,178                          100.0   %           4,768,009                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  2,558,296                    52.3   %           2,437,495                    51.1   %
other operating expenses                                        935,562                    19.1   %             935,750                    19.6   %
supplies expense                                                197,305                     4.0   %             195,813                     4.1   %
depreciation and amortization                                   153,924                     3.1   %             145,707                     3.1   %
lease and rental expense                                         46,942                     1.0   %              43,825                     0.9   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   3,892,029                    79.6   %           3,758,590                    78.8   %
income from operations                                          999,149                    20.4   %           1,009,419                    21.2   %
interest expense, net                                             1,597                     0.0   %               2,005                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                           0                                     0.0   %   0                                     0.0   %
income before income taxes                            $997,552                             20.4   %   $1,007,414                           21.1   %
on a same facility basis during 2018, as compared to 2017, net revenues generated from our behavioral health care services increased $123 million or 2.6% to $4.89 billion during 2018 as compared to $4.77 billion during 2017. income before income taxes decreased $10 million or 1% to $998 million or 20.4% of net revenues during 2018 as compared to $1.01 billion or 21.1% of net revenues during 2017.
inpatient admissions to our behavioral health care facilities owned during both years increased 3.3% during 2018, as compared to 2017, while patient days increased 0.8%. adjusted admissions increased 3.0% and adjusted patient days increased 0.5% during 2018, as compared to 2017. the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities were 13.2 days and 13.5 days during 2018 and 2017, respectively. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, were 76% and 77% during 2018 and 2017, respectively.  on a same facility basis, net revenue per adjusted admission at these facilities was unchanged during 2018, as compared to 2017, and net revenue per adjusted patient day increased 2.5% during 2018, as compared to 2017.
all behavioral health care services the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our behavioral health care services during 2018 and 2017. these amounts include: (i) our behavioral health care results on a same facility basis, as indicated above; (ii) the impact of provider tax assessments which increased net revenues and other operating expenses but had no impact on income before income taxes; (iii) an intangible asset impairment charge recorded during 2018 in connection with foundations recovery network, l.l.c., and; (iv) certain other amounts including the results of facilities acquired or opened during the past year as well as the results of certain facilities that were closed or restructured during the past year. dollar amounts below are reflected in thousands.
57
year ended                                      year ended

december 31, 2018                               december 31, 2017
% of net                                        % of net amount                           revenues       amount                           revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts                                                   $5,020,177
less: provision for doubtful accounts                                                                           113,458
net revenues                                          $5,038,874                          100.0   %           4,906,719                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  2,617,337                    51.9   %           2,496,236                    50.9   %
other operating expenses                                      1,091,102                    21.7   %           1,042,056                    21.2   %
supplies expense                                                200,008                     4.0   %             199,936                     4.1   %
depreciation and amortization                                   163,155                     3.2   %             152,067                     3.1   %
lease and rental expense                                         48,316                     1.0   %              45,445                     0.9   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   4,119,918                    81.8   %           3,935,740                    80.2   %
income from operations                                          918,956                    18.2   %             970,979                    19.8   %
interest expense, net                                             1,597                     0.0   %               2,005                     0.0   %
other (income) expense, net                                       1,842                     0.0   %   0                                     0.0   %
income before income taxes                            $915,517                             18.2   %   $968,974                             19.7   %
during 2018, as compared to 2017, net revenues generated from our behavioral health care services increased $132 million, or 2.7%, to $5.04 billion during 2018 as compared to $4.91 billion during 2017. the increase in net revenues was attributable to: (i) $123 million or 2.6% increase in same facility revenues, as discussed above, and; (ii) an $9 million other combined net increase consisting primarily of the revenues generated at the 25 behavioral health facilities acquired in the u.k. in connection with our acquisition of the danshell group (acquired during the third quarter of 2018) and the revenues generated from the acquisition of a 109-bed behavioral health care facility located in gulfport, mississippi (acquired during the first quarter of 2018), partially offset by a decrease to net revenues resulting from the closure or restructuring of certain behavioral health care facilities.
income before income taxes decreased $53 million or 6% to $916 million or 18.2% of net revenues during 2018 as compared to $969 billion or 19.7% of net revenues during 2017. the decrease in income before income taxes at our behavioral health facilities was attributable to:
   a $10 million decrease at our behavioral health facilities on a same facility basis, as discussed above;

   a decrease of $49 million from an intangible asset (tradename) impairment charge recorded during 2018 in connection with foundations recovery network, llc which was acquired by us during 2015;

   a $13 million increase due to the following unfavorable amounts recorded during 2017: (i) a prior year medicaid disproportionate shares hospital revenue adjustment related to a certain state ($7 million), and; (ii) increased professional and general liability expense related to prior years, based upon a reserve analysis ($6 million), and;

   other combined net decrease of $7 million consisting primarily of the losses incurred at certain behavioral health care facilities that have restructured or closed during the past year.

sources of revenue overview: we receive payments for services rendered from private insurers, including managed care plans, the federal government under the medicare program, state governments under their respective medicaid programs and directly from patients.
hospital revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the medical and ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charges or negotiated payment rates for such services. charges and reimbursement rates for inpatient routine services vary depending on the type of services provided (e.g., medical/surgical, intensive care or behavioral health) and the geographic location of the hospital. inpatient occupancy levels fluctuate for various reasons, many of which are beyond our control. the percentage of patient service revenue attributable to outpatient services has generally increased in recent years, primarily as a result of advances in medical technology that allow more services to be provided on an outpatient basis, as well as increased pressure from medicare, medicaid and private insurers to reduce hospital stays and provide services, where possible, on a less expensive outpatient basis. we believe that our experience with respect to our increased outpatient levels mirrors the general trend occurring in the health care industry and we are unable to predict the rate of growth and resulting impact on our future revenues.
58
patients are generally not responsible for any difference between customary hospital charges and amounts reimbursed for such services under medicare, medicaid, some private insurance plans, and managed care plans, but are responsible for services not covered by such plans, exclusions, deductibles or co-insurance features of their coverage. the amount of such exclusions, deductibles and co-insurance has generally been increasing each year. indications from recent federal and state legislation are that this trend will continue. collection of amounts due from individuals is typically more difficult than from governmental or business payers which unfavorably impacts the collectability of our patient accounts.
sources of revenues and health care reform: given increasing budget deficits, the federal government and many states are currently considering additional ways to limit increases in levels of medicare and medicaid funding, which could also adversely affect future payments received by our hospitals. in addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon the federal government as a result of, among other things, economic recovery stimulus packages, responses to natural disasters, and the federal budget deficit in general may affect the availability of federal funds to provide additional relief in the future. we are unable to predict the effect of future policy changes on our operations.
on march 23, 2010, president obama signed into law the patient protection and affordable care act (the "legislation"). the healthcare and education reconciliation act of 2010 (the "reconciliation act"), which contains a number of amendments to the legislation, was signed into law on march 30, 2010. two primary goals of the legislation, combined with the reconciliation act (collectively referred to as the "legislation"), are to provide for increased access to coverage for healthcare and to reduce healthcare-related expenses.
the legislation revises reimbursement under the medicare and medicaid programs to emphasize the efficient delivery of high quality care and contains a number of incentives and penalties under these programs to achieve these goals. the legislation provides for decreases in the annual market basket update for federal fiscal years 2010 through 2019, a productivity offset to the market basket update beginning october 1, 2011 for medicare part b reimbursable items and services and beginning october 1, 2012 for medicare inpatient hospital services. the legislation and subsequent revisions provide for reductions to both medicare dsh and medicaid dsh payments. the medicare dsh reductions began in october, 2013 while the medicaid dsh reductions are scheduled to begin in 2020. the legislation implements a value-based purchasing program, which will reward the delivery of efficient care. conversely, certain facilities will receive reduced reimbursement for failing to meet quality parameters; such hospitals will include those with excessive readmission or hospital-acquired condition rates.
a 2012 u.s. supreme court ruling limited the federal government's ability to expand health insurance coverage by holding unconstitutional sections of the legislation that sought to withdraw federal funding for state noncompliance with certain medicaid coverage requirements. pursuant to that decision, the federal government may not penalize states that choose not to participate in the medicaid expansion by reducing their existing medicaid funding. therefore, states can choose to expand or not to expand their medicaid program without risking the loss of federal medicaid funding. as a result, many states, including texas, have not expanded their medicaid programs without the threat of loss of federal funding. cms has granted, and is expected to grant additional, section 1115 demonstration waivers providing for work and community engagement requirements for certain medicaid eligible individuals. cms has also released guidance to states interested in receiving their medicaid funding through a block grant mechanism. it is anticipated this will lead to reductions in coverage, and likely increases in uncompensated care, in states where these demonstration waivers are granted.
on december 14, 2018, a texas federal district court deemed the legislation to be unconstitutional in its entirety. the court concluded that the individual mandate is no longer permissible under congress's taxing power as a result of the tax cut and jobs act of 2017 ("tcja") reducing the individual mandate's tax to $0 (i.e., it no longer produces revenue, which is an essential feature of a tax), rendering the legislation unconstitutional.  the court also held that because the individual mandate is "essential" to the legislation and is inseverable from the rest of the law, the entire legislation is unconstitutional. because the court issued a declaratory judgment and did not enjoin the law, the legislation remains in place pending its appeal.  the district court for the northern district of texas ruling was appealed to the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit. on december 18, 2019, the 5th circuit court of appeals' three-judge panel voted 2-1 to strike down the legislation individual mandate as unconstitutional. the 5th circuit court also sent the case back to the texas district court to determine which legislation provisions should be stricken with the mandate or whether the entire legislation is unconstitutional. it is likely this matter will ultimately be appealed to the united states supreme court. we are unable to predict the final outcome of this legal challenge and its financial impact on our future results of operation.
the various provisions in the legislation that directly or indirectly affect medicare and medicaid reimbursement are scheduled to take effect over a number of years. the impact of the legislation on healthcare providers will be subject to implementing regulations, interpretive guidance and possible future legislation or legal challenges. certain legislation provisions, such as that creating the medicare shared savings program creates uncertainty in how healthcare may be reimbursed by federal programs in the
59
future. thus, we cannot predict the impact of the legislation on our future reimbursement at this time and we can provide no assurance that the legislation will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the legislation also contained provisions aimed at reducing fraud and abuse in healthcare. the legislation amends several existing laws, including the federal anti-kickback statute and the false claims act, making it easier for government agencies and private plaintiffs to prevail in lawsuits brought against healthcare providers. while congress had previously revised the intent requirement of the anti-kickback statute to provide that a person is not required to "have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of" the anti-kickback statute in order to be found in violation of such law, the legislation also provides that any claims for items or services that violate the anti-kickback statute are also considered false claims for purposes of the federal civil false claims act. the legislation provides that a healthcare provider that retains an overpayment in excess of 60 days is subject to the federal civil false claims act. the legislation also expands the recovery audit contractor program to medicaid. these amendments also make it easier for severe fines and penalties to be imposed on healthcare providers that violate applicable laws and regulations.
we have partnered with local physicians in the ownership of certain of our facilities. these investments have been permitted under an exception to the physician self-referral law. the legislation permits existing physician investments in a hospital to continue under a "grandfather" clause if the arrangement satisfies certain requirements and restrictions, but physicians are prohibited from increasing the aggregate percentage of their ownership in the hospital. the legislation also imposes certain compliance and disclosure requirements upon existing physician-owned hospitals and restricts the ability of physician-owned hospitals to expand the capacity of their facilities.  as discussed below, should the legislation be repealed in its entirety, this aspect of the legislation would also be repealed restoring physician ownership of hospitals and expansion right to its position and practice as it existed prior to the legislation.
the impact of the legislation on each of our hospitals may vary. because legislation provisions are effective at various times over the next several years, we anticipate that many of the provisions in the legislation may be subject to further revision. initiatives to repeal the legislation, in whole or in part, to delay elements of implementation or funding, and to offer amendments or supplements to modify its provisions have been persistent. the ultimate outcomes of legislative attempts to repeal or amend the legislation and legal challenges to the legislation are unknown.  legislation has already been enacted that eliminated the individual mandate penalty, effective january 1, 2019, related to the individual mandate to obtain health insurance that was part of the original legislation. in addition, congress previously considered legislation that would, in material part: (i) eliminate the large employer mandate to offer health insurance coverage to full-time employees; (ii) permit insurers to impose a surcharge up to 30 percent on individuals who go uninsured for more than two months and then purchase coverage; (iii) provide tax credits towards the purchase of health insurance, with a phase-out of tax credits accordingly to income level; (iv) expand health savings accounts; (v) impose a per capita cap on federal funding of state medicaid programs, or, if elected by a state, transition federal funding to block grants, and; (vi) permit states to seek a waiver of certain federal requirements that would allow such state to define essential health benefits differently from federal standards and that would allow certain commercial health plans to take health status, including pre-existing conditions, into account in setting premiums.
in addition to legislative changes, the legislation can be significantly impacted by executive branch actions.  in relevant part, president trump has already taken executive actions: (i) requiring all federal agencies with authorities and responsibilities under the legislation to "exercise all authority and discretion available to them to waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay" parts of the legislation that place "unwarranted economic and regulatory burdens" on states, individuals or health care providers; (ii) the issuance of a final rule in june, 2018 by the department of labor to enable the formation of health plans that would be exempt from certain legislation essential health benefits requirements; (iii) the issuance of a final rule in august, 2018 by the department of labor, treasury, and health and human services to expand the availability of short-term, limited duration health insurance; (iv) eliminating cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers that would otherwise offset deductibles and other out-of-pocket expenses for health plan enrollees at or below 250 percent of the federal poverty level, (v) relaxing requirements for state innovation waivers that could reduce enrollment in the individual and small group markets and lead to additional enrollment in short-term, limited duration insurance and association health plans; (vi) the issuance of a final rule in june, 2019 by the departments of labor, treasury, and health and human services that would incentivize the use of health reimbursement arrangements by employers to permit employees to purchase health insurance in the individual market, and; (vii) directing the issuance of federal rulemaking by executive agencies to increase transparency of healthcare price and quality information. the uncertainty resulting from these executive branch policies led to reduced exchange enrollment in 2018, 2019 and 2020 and is expected to further worsen the individual and small group market risk pools in future years.  in may, 2019, the congressional budget office projected that 32 million people will be uninsured in 2020. it is also anticipated that these and future policies may create additional cost and reimbursement pressures on hospitals.
it remains unclear what portions of the legislation may remain, or whether any replacement or alternative programs may be created by any future legislation.  any such future repeal or replacement may have significant impact on the reimbursement for healthcare services generally, and may create reimbursement for services competing with the services offered by our hospitals.  accordingly, there can be no assurance that the adoption of any future federal or state healthcare reform legislation will not
60
have a negative financial impact on our hospitals, including their ability to compete with alternative healthcare services funded by such potential legislation, or for our hospitals to receive payment for services.
for additional disclosure related to our revenues including a disaggregation of our consolidated net revenues by major source for each of the periods presented herein, please see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements-revenue.
medicare: medicare is a federal program that provides certain hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons aged 65 and over, some disabled persons and persons with end-stage renal disease. all of our acute care hospitals and many of our behavioral health centers are certified as providers of medicare services by the appropriate governmental authorities. amounts received under the medicare program are generally significantly less than a hospital's customary charges for services provided. since a substantial portion of our revenues will come from patients under the medicare program, our ability to operate our business successfully in the future will depend in large measure on our ability to adapt to changes in this program.
under the medicare program, for inpatient services, our general acute care hospitals receive reimbursement under the inpatient prospective payment system ("ipps"). under the ipps, hospitals are paid a predetermined fixed payment amount for each hospital discharge. the fixed payment amount is based upon each patient's medicare severity diagnosis related group ("ms-drg"). every ms-drg is assigned a payment rate based upon the estimated intensity of hospital resources necessary to treat the average patient with that particular diagnosis. the ms-drg payment rates are based upon historical national average costs and do not consider the actual costs incurred by a hospital in providing care. this ms-drg assignment also affects the predetermined capital rate paid with each ms-drg. the ms-drg and capital payment rates are adjusted annually by the predetermined geographic adjustment factor for the geographic region in which a particular hospital is located and are weighted based upon a statistically normal distribution of severity. while we generally will not receive payment from medicare for inpatient services, other than the ms-drg payment, a hospital may qualify for an "outlier" payment if a particular patient's treatment costs are extraordinarily high and exceed a specified threshold. ms-drg rates are adjusted by an update factor each federal fiscal year, which begins on october 1. the index used to adjust the ms-drg rates, known as the "hospital market basket index," gives consideration to the inflation experienced by hospitals in purchasing goods and services. generally, however, the percentage increases in the ms-drg payments have been lower than the projected increase in the cost of goods and services purchased by hospitals.
in august, 2019, cms published its ipps 2020 final payment rule which provides for a 3.0% market basket increase to the base medicare ms-drg blended rate. when statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments, and adjustments mandated by the affordable care act ("aca") are considered, without consideration for the required medicare dsh payments changes and increase to the medicare outlier threshold, the overall increase in ipps payments is approximately 2.8%. including dsh payments and certain other adjustments, we estimate our overall increase from the final ipps 2020 rule (covering the period of october 1, 2019 through september 30, 2020) will approximate 2.1%. this projected impact from the ipps 2020 final rule includes an increase of approximately 0.5% to partially restore cuts made as a result of the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 ("atra"), as required by the 21st century cures act but excludes the impact of the sequestration reductions related to the budget control act of 2011, bipartisan budget act of 2015, and bipartisan budget act of 2018, as discussed below. cms completed its full phase-in to use uncompensated care data from the 2015 worksheet s-10 hospital cost reports to allocate approximately $8.5 billion in the dsh uncompensated care pool.
in june, 2019, the supreme court of the united states issued a decision favorable to hospitals impacting prior year medicare dsh payments (azar v. allina health services, no. 17-1484 (u.s. jun. 3, 2019)).  in allina, the hospitals challenged the medicare dsh adjustments for federal fiscal year 2012, specifically challenging cms's decision to include inpatient hospital days attributable to medicare part c enrollee patients in the numerator and denominator of the medicare/ssi fraction used to calculate a hospital's dsh payments.  this ruling addresses cms's attempts to impose the policy espoused in its vacated 2004 rulemaking to a fiscal year in the 2004-2013 time period without using notice-and-comment rulemaking. this decision should require cms to recalculate hospitals' dsh medicare/ssi fractions, with medicare part c days excluded, for at least federal fiscal year 2012, but likely federal fiscal years 2005 through 2013.  although we can provide no assurance that we will ultimately receive additional funds, we estimate that the favorable impact of this court ruling on certain prior year hospital medicare dsh payments could range between $18 million to $28 million in the aggregate.
in august, 2018, cms published its ipps 2019 final payment rule which provides for a 2.9% market basket increase to the base medicare ms-drg blended rate. when statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments aca-mandated adjustments are considered, without consideration for the decreases related to the required medicare dsh payment changes and decrease to the medicare outlier threshold, the overall increase in ipps payments is approximately 0.5%. including the estimated increase to our dsh payments (approximating 2.1%) and certain other adjustments, we estimate our overall increase from the final ipps 2019 rule (covering the period of october 1, 2018 through september 30, 2019) will approximate 2.7%. this projected impact from the ipps 2019 final rule includes an increase of approximately 0.5% to partially restore
61
cuts made as a result of the atra, as required by the 21st century cures act but excludes the impact of the sequestration reductions related to the budget control act of 2011, bipartisan budget act of 2015, and bipartisan budget act of 2018, as discussed below.  cms continued to phase-in the use of uncompensated care data from both the 2014 and 2015 worksheet s-10 hospital cost reports, two-third weighting as part of the proxy methodology to allocate approximately $8 billion in the dsh uncompensated care pool.
in august, 2017, cms published its ipps 2018 final payment rule which provides for a 2.9% market basket increase to the base medicare ms-drg blended rate. when statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments and aca-mandated adjustments are considered, without consideration for the decreases related to the required medicare dsh payment changes and increase to the medicare outlier threshold, the overall increase in ipps payments would approximate 2.3%. including the estimated decrease to our dsh payments (approximating 0.1%) and certain other adjustments, we estimate our overall increase from the final ipps 2018 rule (covering the period of october 1, 2017 through september 30, 2018) will approximate 1.8%. this projected impact from the ipps 2018 final rule includes an increase of approximately 0.5% to partially restore cuts made as a result of the atra, as required by the 21st century cures act but excludes the impact of the sequestration reductions related to the budget control act of 2011, bipartisan budget act of 2015, and bipartisan budget act of 2018, as discussed below.  cms began using uncompensated care data from the 2014 hospital cost report worksheet s-10, one-third weighting as part of the proxy methodology to allocate approximately $7 billion in the dsh uncompensated care pool. this final rule change resulted in wide variations among all hospitals nationwide in the distribution of these dsh funds compared to previous years.
in august, 2011, the budget control act of 2011 (the "2011 act") was enacted into law. included in this law are the imposition of annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by $917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the congressional budget office. among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan congressional committee, known as the joint committee, which was responsible for developing recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. the joint committee was unable to reach an agreement by the november 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and medicare spending were implemented on march 1, 2013 resulting in medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year.  the bipartisan budget act of 2015, enacted on november 2, 2015, and the bipartisan budget act of 2019, enacted on august 2, 2019, continued the 2% reductions to medicare reimbursement imposed under the 2011 act through 2029.
inpatient services furnished by psychiatric hospitals under the medicare program are paid under a psychiatric prospective payment system ("psych pps"). medicare payments to psychiatric hospitals are based on a prospective per diem rate with adjustments to account for certain facility and patient characteristics. the psych pps also contains provisions for outlier payments and an adjustment to a psychiatric hospital's base payment if it maintains a full-service emergency department.
in july, 2019, cms published its psych pps final rule for the federal fiscal year 2020. under this final rule, payments to our psychiatric hospitals and units are estimated to increase by 1.7% compared to federal fiscal year 2019. this amount includes the effect of the 2.9% market basket update less a 0.75% adjustment as required by the aca and a 0.4% productivity adjustment.
in august, 2018, cms published its psych pps final rule for the federal fiscal year 2019. under this final rule, payments to our psychiatric hospitals and units are estimated to increase by 1.35% compared to federal fiscal year 2018. this amount includes the effect of the 2.90% market basket update less a 0.75% adjustment as required by the aca and a 0.8% productivity adjustment.
in august, 2017, cms published its psych pps final rule for the federal fiscal year 2018. under this final rule, payments to our psychiatric hospitals and units are estimated to increase by 1.25% compared to federal fiscal year 2017. this amount includes the effect of the 2.6% market basket update less a 0.75% adjustment as required by the aca and a 0.6% productivity adjustment.
in december, 2018, the u.s. district court for the district of columbia ruled that the u.s. department of health and human services ("hhs") did not have statutory authority to implement the 2018 medicare opps rate reduction related to hospitals that qualify for drug discounts under the federal 340b drug discount program and granted a permanent injunction against the payment reduction. in may, 2019, the u.s. district court for the district of columbia directed cms to determine a remedy as well as provide a status report on this remedy by early august, 2019 for this medicare opps payment matter. however, recognizing both the complexity of the opps payment system as well as its budget neutral rate setting system, the court refrained from imposing a remedy.  instead the judge in the case called for additional briefing from the plaintiffs and defendants on the proper scope and implementation for relief.  the case has been appealed by hhs.  in the 2020 opps final rule, cms retained the rate reduction in dispute, but indicated their intent to potentially use the results of a future 340b hospital survey to collect drug acquisition cost data for cy 2018 and 2019 when crafting a remedy. in the event this 340b hospital survey data is not used to devise a remedy, cms also indicated that it intends to consider the public input to inform of the steps they would take to propose a remedy for cy 2018 and 2019
62
in the cy 2021 rulemaking. we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of any appeal and the type of relief that may be ordered by the courts. we estimate that the cms 2018 change in the 340b payment policy increased our 2018 medicare opps payments by approximately $8 million, which has been fully reserved in our results of operations for the year, and estimate that a comparable amount was scheduled to be earned during 2019.
in november, 2019, cms published its opps final rule for 2020. the hospital market basket increase is 3.0%. the medicare statute requires a productivity adjustment reduction of 0.4% to the 2020 opps market basket resulting in a 2020 update to opps payment rates by 2.6%. when other statutorily required adjustments and hospital patient service mix are considered, we estimate that our overall medicare opps update for 2020 will aggregate to a net increase of 2.7% which includes a 7.7% increase to behavioral health division partial hospitalization rates. when the behavioral health division's partial hospitalization rate impact is excluded, we estimate that our medicare 2020 opps payments will result in a 1.9% increase in payment levels for our acute care division, as compared to 2019.  for cy 2020, cms will use the fy 2020 hospital ipps post-reclassified wage index for urban and rural areas as the wage index for the opps to determine the wage adjustments for both the opps payment rate and the copayment standardized amount.
on november 15, 2019, cms finalized its hospital price transparency rule that implements certain price transparency rules required by the june 24, 2019 presidential executive order related to improving price and quality transparency in american healthcare to put patients first.  under this final rule, effective january 1, 2021, cms will require: (1) hospitals make public their standard changes (both gross charges and payer-specific negotiated charges) for all items and services online in a machine-readable format, and; (2) hospitals to make public standard charge data for a limited set of "shoppable services" the hospital provides in a form and manner that is more consumer friendly. a lawsuit has been filed by several hospital associations, health systems, and hospitals in the u.s. district court for the district of columbia challenging the legal authority of hhs to implement the final rule. we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this legal challenge and the type of relief that may be ordered by the courts. the deadline for compliance with the final rule is january 1, 2021. we are unable to determine the impact, if any, this final rule will have on our future results of operations.
in november, 2018, cms published its opps final rule for 2019. the hospital market basket increase is 2.9%. the medicare statute requires a productivity adjustment reduction of 0.8% and 0.75% reduction to the 2019 opps market basket resulting in a 2019 update to opps payment rates by 1.35%. when other statutorily required adjustments and hospital patient service mix are considered, we estimate that our overall medicare opps update for 2019 will aggregate to a net increase of 1.1% which includes a 5.7% increase to behavioral health division partial hospitalization rates. when the behavioral health division's partial hospitalization rate impact is excluded, we estimate that our medicare 2019 opps payments will result in a 0.4% increase in payment levels for our acute care hospitals, as compared to 2018.
in november, 2017, cms published its opps final rule for 2018. the hospital market basket increase is 2.7%. the medicare statute requires a productivity adjustment reduction of 0.6% and 0.75% reduction to the 2018 opps market basket resulting in a 2018 opps market basket update at 1.35%. when other statutorily required adjustments and hospital patient service mix are considered, we estimate that our overall medicare opps update for 2018 will aggregate to a net increase of 4.2% which includes a 0.8% increase to behavioral health division partial hospitalization rates. when the behavioral health division's partial hospitalization rate impact is excluded, we estimate that our medicare 2018 opps payments will result in a 4.8% increase in payment levels for our acute care division, as compared to 2017.  additionally, the medicare inpatient-only (ipo) list includes procedures that are only paid under the hospital inpatient prospective payment system. each year, cms uses established criteria to review the ipo list and determine whether or not any procedures should be removed from the list. cms removed total knee arthroplasty (tka) from the ipo list effective january 1, 2018. additionally, cms redistributed $1.6 billion in cost savings within the opps system attributable to changes in the federal 340b hospital drug pricing payment methodology in 2018 but, as discussed above, this 340b-related payment methodology is currently under legal challenge. the impact of these ipo and 340b changes are reflected in the above noted estimated acute care division percentage change in opps reimbursement.
in november, 2016, cms published its opps final rule for 2017. the hospital market basket increase is 2.7%. the medicare statute requires a productivity adjustment reduction of 0.3% and 0.75% reduction to the 2017 opps market basket resulting in a 2017 opps market basket update at 1.65%. when other statutorily required adjustments and hospital patient service mix are considered, we estimate that our overall medicare opps update for 2017 resulted in a net increase of 1.5% which included a -1.3% decrease to behavioral health division partial hospitalization rates. when the behavioral health division's partial hospitalization rate impact is excluded, we estimate that our medicare 2017 opps payments resulted in a 2.1% increase in payment levels for our acute care division, as compared to 2016.
63
medicaid: medicaid is a joint federal-state funded health care benefit program that is administered by the states to provide benefits to qualifying individuals. most state medicaid payments are made under a pps-like system, or under programs that negotiate payment levels with individual hospitals. amounts received under the medicaid program are generally significantly less than a hospital's customary charges for services provided. in addition to revenues received pursuant to the medicare program, we receive a large portion of our revenues either directly from medicaid programs or from managed care companies managing medicaid. all of our acute care hospitals and most of our behavioral health centers are certified as providers of medicaid services by the appropriate governmental authorities.
we receive revenues from various state and county based programs, including medicaid in all the states in which we operate (we receive medicaid revenues in excess of $100 million annually from each of california, texas, nevada, washington, d.c., pennsylvania and illinois); cms-approved medicaid supplemental programs in certain states including texas, mississippi, illinois, oklahoma, nevada, arkansas, california and indiana, and; state medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments in certain states including texas and south carolina. we are therefore particularly sensitive to potential reductions in medicaid and other state based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states. we can provide no assurance that reductions to revenues earned pursuant to these programs, particularly in the above-mentioned states, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the legislation substantially increases the federally and state-funded medicaid insurance program, and authorizes states to establish federally subsidized non-medicaid health plans for low-income residents not eligible for medicaid starting in 2014. however, the supreme court has struck down portions of the legislation requiring states to expand their medicaid programs in exchange for increased federal funding. accordingly, many states in which we operate have not expanded medicaid coverage to individuals at 133% of the federal poverty level. facilities in states not opting to expand medicaid coverage under the legislation may be additionally penalized by corresponding reductions to medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments beginning in 2020, as discussed below. we can provide no assurance that further reductions to medicaid revenues, particularly in the above-mentioned states, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
on november 12, 2019, cms issued the proposed medicaid fiscal accountability rule ("mfar") for which cms believes will strengthen the fiscal integrity of the medicaid program and help ensure that state supplemental payments and financing arrangements are transparent and value-driven.
this rule proposes to establish regulations to:
improve reporting on medicaid supplemental payments.
clarify medicaid financing definitions.
reduce what cms considers "questionable financing mechanisms" by states.
clarifies the definition of permissible health care-related taxes and donations.
implement certain medicaid disproportionate share hospital (dsh) payment related changes.
the mfar proposed rule, if implemented, could have a significant impact on the means by which states finance the non-federal share of their medicaid programs. under the proposal, cms would have the ability to strike down common financing arrangements such as provider taxes, intergovernmental transfers and donations.  these changes could have detrimental impacts on state medicaid programs. if finalized as proposed, the rule could potentially force states to raise taxes or cut their medicaid budgets.  in subsequent years, it could have an unfavorable impact on medicaid beneficiaries by likely limiting access to providers and requiring states to consider reductions to their medicaid programs.
as disclosed in this annual report, we receive a significant amount of medicaid and medicaid managed care revenue from both base payments and supplemental payments. although we are unable to estimate the impact of mfar on our future results of operations, if implemented as proposed, mfar related changes could have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations.
in january, 2020, cms announced a new opportunity to support states with greater flexibility to improve the health of their medicaid populations. the new 1115 waiver block grant type demonstration program, titled healthy adult opportunity ("hao"), emphasizes the concept of value-based care while granting states extensive flexibility to administer and design their programs within a defined budget. cms believes this state opportunity will enhance the medicaid program's integrity through its focus on accountability for results and quality improvement, making the medicaid program stronger for states and beneficiaries.
the hao program will include:
   beneficiary protections.

   flexibility in the administration of benefits.

   transparency.

   financing and program integrity

64
o   states participating in hao demonstrations will need to agree to operate their program within a defined budget target, set on either a total expenses or per-enrollee basis, in a manner similar to that used in other section 1115 demonstrations.

o   to the extent states achieve savings and demonstrate no declines in access or quality, cms will share back a portion of the federal savings for reinvestment into medicaid.

   limited medicaid population

o   the population includes adults under age 65 who are not eligible for medicaid on the basis of disability or on their need for long term care services and supports, and who are not eligible under a state plan.

   benefit design and drug coverage

o   states have the opportunity to design a benefit package that aligns with private coverage.

o   provide states with greater negotiating power to lower drug spending and promote value in the program.

   managed care and delivery systems

o   states will be able to use any combination of fee-for-service and managed care delivery systems and will have flexibility to alter these arrangements over the course of the demonstration

   streamlined application process transitioning 1115 demonstrations

   quality strategy and performance assessment

o   states will be held to a high standard of accountability for producing positive health outcomes and will be subject to regular and thorough monitoring and evaluation

we are unable to predict whether any states will opt to apply for participation in the hao demonstration or the impact on our future results of operations.
various state medicaid supplemental payment programs:
we incur health-care related taxes ("provider taxes") imposed by states in the form of a licensing fee, assessment or other mandatory payment which are related to: (i) healthcare items or services; (ii) the provision of, or the authority to provide, the health care items or services, or; (iii) the payment for the health care items or services. such provider taxes are subject to various federal regulations that limit the scope and amount of the taxes that can be levied by states in order to secure federal matching funds as part of their respective state medicaid programs. as outlined below, we derive a related medicaid reimbursement benefit from assessed provider taxes in the form of medicaid claims based payment increases and/or lump sum medicaid supplemental payments.
included in these provider tax programs are reimbursements received in connection with the texas uncompensated care/upper payment limit program ("uc/upl") and texas delivery system reform incentive payments program ("dsrip").  additional disclosure related to the texas uc/upl and dsrip programs is provided below.
texas uncompensated care/upper payment limit payments:
certain of our acute care hospitals located in various counties of texas (grayson, hidalgo, maverick, potter and webb) participate in medicaid supplemental payment section 1115 waiver indigent care programs. section 1115 waiver uncompensated care ("uc") payments replace the former upper payment limit ("upl") payments. these hospitals also have affiliation agreements with third-party hospitals to provide free hospital and physician care to qualifying indigent residents of these counties. our hospitals receive both supplemental payments from the medicaid program and indigent care payments from third-party, affiliated hospitals. the supplemental payments are contingent on the county or hospital district making an inter-governmental transfer ("igt") to the state medicaid program while the indigent care payment is contingent on a transfer of funds from the applicable affiliated hospitals. however, the county or hospital district is prohibited from entering into an agreement to condition any igt on the amount of any private hospital's indigent care obligation.
for state fiscal year 2017, texas medicaid continued to operate under a cms-approved section 1115 five-year medicaid waiver demonstration program extended by cms for fifteen months to december 31, 2017. during the first five years of this program that started in state fiscal year 2012, the thhsc transitioned away from upl payments to new waiver incentive payment programs, uc and dsrip payments. during demonstration periods ending december 31, 2017, thhsc continued to, make incentive payments under the program after certain qualifying criteria were met by hospitals. supplemental payments are also subject to aggregate statewide caps based on cms approved medicaid waiver amounts.
on december 21, 2017, cms approved the 1115 waiver for the period january 1, 2018 to september 30, 2022. the waiver continued to include uc and dsrip payment pools with modifications and new state specific reporting deadlines that if not met by thhsc will result in material decreases in the size of the uc and dsrip pools.  for uc during the initial two years of this renewal, the uc program will remain relatively the same in size and allocation methodology.  for year three of this waiver renewal, ffy 2020, and through ffy 2022, the size and distribution of the uc pool will be determined based on charity care costs reported to hhsc in
65
accordance with medicare cost report worksheet s-10 principles.  in september 2019, cms approved the annual uc pool size in the amount of $3.9 billion for demonstration years ("dys") 9, 10 and 11 (october 1, 2019 to september 30, 2022). we estimate the impact on of these uc program changes could result in a 5% to 10% increase to uc payments in dys 9 to 11 as compared to our dy 8 uc payments.
effective april 1, 2018, certain of our acute care hospitals located in texas began to receive medicaid managed care rate enhancements under the uniform hospital rate increase program ("uhrip").  the non-federal share component of these uhrip rate enhancements are financed by provider taxes.  the texas 1115 waiver rules require uhrip rate enhancements be considered in the texas uc payment methodology which results in a reduction to our uc payments.  the uc amounts reported in the state medicaid supplemental payment program table below reflect the impact of this new uhrip program. in february, 2020, thhsc announced the uhrip pool for the state's 2021 fiscal year will increase to $3.0 billion from its current funding level of $1.6 billion.  we estimate that this change, if approved by cms, will favorably impact our annual results of operations by approximately $12 million during that period, of which approximately $4 million relates to the year ended december 31, 2020.
on november 16, 2018, thhsc published a final rule effective in federal fiscal years 2018 and 2019 that changes the definition of a rural hospital for the purposes of determining texas uc payments and the applicable uc payment reduction. the application of uc payment reduction allows the thhsc to comply with the overall statewide uc payment cap required under the special terms and condition of the approved 1115 waiver.  two of our acute care hospitals, which have been designated as a rural referral center by cms and which are located in an urban metropolitan statistical area, recorded: (i) increased uc payments/revenue for the federal fiscal year ending september 30, 2018, and; (ii) decreased uc payments/revenue for the federal fiscal year beginning october 1, 2018. the net impact of these changes had a favorable impact on our 2018 results of operations and are included in the amounts reflected below in the state medicaid supplemental payment program table.
texas delivery system reform incentive payments:
in addition, the texas medicaid section 1115 waiver includes a dsrip pool to incentivize hospitals and other providers to transform their service delivery practices to improve quality, health status, patient experience, coordination, and cost-effectiveness. dsrip pool payments are incentive payments to hospitals and other providers that develop programs or strategies to enhance access to health care, increase the quality of care, the cost-effectiveness of care provided and the health of the patients and families served. in may, 2014, cms formally approved specific dsrip projects for certain of our hospitals for demonstration years 3 to 5 (our facilities did not materially participate in the dsrip pool during demonstration years 1 or 2). dsrip payments are contingent on the hospital meeting certain pre-determined milestones, metrics and clinical outcomes. additionally, dsrip payments are contingent on a governmental entity providing an igt for the non-federal share component of the dsrip payment. thhsc generally approves dsrip reported metrics, milestones and clinical outcomes on a semi-annual basis in june and december.  under the cms approval noted above, the waiver renewal requires the transition of the dsrip program to one focused on "health system performance measurement and improvement." thhsc must submit a transition plan describing "how it will further develop its delivery system reforms without dsrip funding and/or phase out dsrip funded activities and meet mutually agreeable milestones to demonstrate its ongoing progress."  the size of the dsrip pool will remain unchanged for the initial two years of the waiver renewal with unspecified decreases in years three and four of the renewal, ffy 2020 and 2021, respectively.  in ffy 2022, dsrip funding under the waiver is eliminated. for ffy 2020 and 2021, we estimate these changes will result in a $3 million and $4 million decrease in dsrip payments, respectively.  for ffy 2022, we will no longer receive dsrip funds due to the elimination of this funding source by cms in the waiver renewal. in september 2019, hhsc submitted a dsrip transition plan to cms as required by the 1115 waiver special terms and conditions #37 that outlines a transition from the current dsrip program to a value-based purchasing ("vbp") type payment model. the draft plan will be finalized with cms by march 31, 2020.  the effective date of the new vbp payment model (if approved by cms) is not yet known. similarly, details of the vbp model are still under development.  as a result, we are unable to estimate the financial impact of this payment change.
summary of amounts related to the above-mentioned various state medicaid supplemental payment programs:
the following table summarizes the revenues, provider taxes and net benefit related to each of the above-mentioned medicaid supplemental programs for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017.  the provider taxes are recorded in other operating expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of income as included herein.
66
(amounts in millions)

2019                                                     2018             2017
texas uc/upl:
revenues                                $123             $135              $88
provider taxes                           (47    )         (51    )         (25   )
net benefit                              $76              $84              $63
texas dsrip:
revenues                                 $35              $29              $46
provider taxes                           (12    )          (9    )         (19   )
net benefit                              $23              $20              $27
various other state programs:
revenues                                $261             $223             $223
provider taxes                          (135    )        (119    )        (127   )
net benefit                             $126             $104              $96
total all provider tax programs:
revenues                                $419             $387             $357
provider taxes                          (194    )        (179    )        (171   )
net benefit                             $225             $208             $186
included in the 2019 texas uc/upl amounts reflected above was approximately $12 million received during the third quarter of 2019 (approximately $3 million of which relates to prior years).
we estimate that our aggregate net benefit from the texas and various other state medicaid supplemental payment programs will approximate $214 million (net of provider taxes of $207 million) during the year ending december 31, 2020. this estimate is based upon various terms and conditions that are out of our control including, but not limited to, the states'/cms's continued approval of the programs and the applicable hospital district or county making igts consistent with 2019 levels. future changes to these terms and conditions could materially reduce our net benefit derived from the programs which could have a material adverse impact on our future consolidated results of operations.  in addition, provider taxes are governed by both federal and state laws and are subject to future legislative changes that, if reduced from current rates in several states, could have a material adverse impact on our future consolidated results of operations.
texas and south carolina medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments:
hospitals that have an unusually large number of low-income patients (i.e., those with a medicaid utilization rate of at least one standard deviation above the mean medicaid utilization, or having a low income patient utilization rate exceeding 25%) are eligible to receive a dsh adjustment. congress established a national limit on dsh adjustments. although this legislation and the resulting state broad-based provider taxes have affected the payments we receive under the medicaid program, to date the net impact has not been materially adverse.
upon meeting certain conditions and serving a disproportionately high share of texas' and south carolina's low income patients, five of our facilities located in texas and one facility located in south carolina received additional reimbursement from each state's dsh fund. the south carolina and texas dsh programs were renewed for each state's 2020 dsh fiscal year (covering the period of october 1, 2019 through september 30, 2020).
in connection with these dsh programs, included in our financial results was an aggregate of approximately $50 million during 2019, $38 million during 2018 and $34 million during 2017.  we expect the aggregate reimbursements to our hospitals pursuant to the texas and south carolina 2020 fiscal year programs to be approximately $32 million.
the legislation and subsequent federal legislation provides for a significant reduction in medicaid disproportionate share payments beginning in federal fiscal year 2020 (see below in sources of revenues and health care reform-medicaid revisions for additional disclosure related to the delay of these dsh reductions). the u.s. department of health and human services is to determine the amount of medicaid dsh payment cuts imposed on each state based on a defined methodology. as medicaid dsh payments to states will be cut, consequently, payments to medicaid-participating providers, including our hospitals in texas and south carolina, will be reduced in the coming years. based on the cms final rule published in september, 2019, beginning in fiscal year 2020, annual medicaid dsh payments in south carolina and texas could be reduced by approximately 32% and 23%, respectively, from 2019 dsh payment levels.
67
our behavioral health care facilities in texas have been receiving medicaid dsh payments since ffy 2016.  as with all medicaid dsh payments, hospitals are subject to state audits that typically occur up to three years after their receipt. dsh payments are subject to a federal hospital specific limit ("hsl") and are not fully known until the dsh audit results are concluded.  in general, freestanding psychiatric hospitals tend to provide significantly less charity care than acute care hospitals and therefore are at more risk for retroactive recoupment of prior year dsh payments in excess of their respective hsl.  in light of the retroactive hsl audit risk for freestanding psychiatric hospitals, we have established dsh reserves for our facilities that have been receiving funds since ffy 2016. these dsh reserves are also impacted by the resolution of federal dsh litigation related to children's hospital association of texas v. azar ("chat"), no. 17-cv-844 (d.d.c. march 2, 2018), appeal docketed, no. 18-5135 (d.c. cir. may 9, 2018) where the calculation of hsl was being challenged. in august, 2019, dc circuit court of appeals issued a unanimous decision in chat and reversed the judgment of the district court in favor of cms and ordered that cms's "2017 rule" (regarding medicaid dsh payments-treatment of third party payers in calculating uncompensated care costs) be reinstated. cms has not issued any additional guidance post the ruling and it is unclear if the plaintiffs in the case will appeal the decision to the supreme court of the united states. separate legal challenges on this same issue are pending in circuit courts in the fifth and sixth circuits. additionally, on november 4, 2019, the united states court of appeals for the eighth circuit issued an opinion upholding the 2017 rule. missouri hosp. ass'n v. azar, no. 18-1778 (8th cir. nov. 4, 2019) (i.e. reversing a district court order enjoining the 2017 rule). this legal activity may impact cms's guidance on the 2017 rule regarding the federal hsl. the cumulative medicaid dsh and uc reimbursements related to our behavioral health hospitals located in texas, that have been reserved for in our financial statements related to these matters, amounted to $34 million and $19 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
nevada spa:
in nevada, cms approved a state plan amendment ("spa") in august, 2014 that implemented a hospital supplemental payment program retroactive to january 1, 2014. this spa has been approved for additional state fiscal years including the 2020 fiscal year covering the period of july 1, 2019 through june 30, 2020.
in connection with this program, included in our financial results was approximately $28 million during 2019, $26 million during 2018 and $21 million during 2017. we estimate that our reimbursements pursuant to this program will approximate $28 million during the year ended december 31, 2020.
california spa:
in california, cms issued formal approval of the 2017-19 hospital fee program in december, 2017 retroactive to january 1, 2017 through june 30, 2019. this approval included the medicaid inpatient and outpatient fee-for-service supplemental payments and the overall provider tax structure but did not yet include the approval of the managed care payment component. upon approval by cms, the managed care payment component will consist of two categories of payments, "pass-through" payments and "directed" payments. the pass-through payments will be similar in nature to the prior hospital fee program payment method whereas the directed payment method will be based on actual concurrent hospital medicaid managed care in-network patient volume. cms has approved the "directed" payment component methodology for the period of july 1, 2017 through june 30, 2019. the timing of cms's approval of the "pass through" component is uncertain.  in september, 2019, the state submitted a request to renew the hospital fee program for the period july 1, 2019 to december 31, 2021. the timing of cms's approval of this new program is uncertain.  in connection with the existing program, included in our financial results was approximately $29 million during 2019, $25 million during 2018 and $14 million during 2017. we estimate that our reimbursements pursuant to this program will approximate $29 million during the year ended december 31, 2020. the aggregate impact of the california supplemental payment program, as outlined above, is included in the above state medicaid supplemental payment program table.
risk factors related to state supplemental medicaid payments:
as outlined above, we receive substantial reimbursement from multiple states in connection with various supplemental medicaid payment programs. the states include, but are not limited to, texas, mississippi, illinois, nevada, arkansas, california and indiana. failure to renew these programs beyond their scheduled termination dates, failure of the public hospitals to provide the necessary igts for the states' share of the dsh programs, failure of our hospitals that currently receive supplemental medicaid revenues to qualify for future funds under these programs, or reductions in reimbursements, could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
in april, 2016, cms published its final medicaid managed care rule which explicitly permits but phases out the use of pass-through payments (including supplemental payments) by medicaid managed care organizations ("mco") to hospitals over ten years but allows for a transition of the pass-through payments into value-based payment structures, delivery system reform initiatives or payments tied to services under a mco contract.  since we are unable to determine the financial impact of this aspect of the final rule, we can provide no assurance that the final rule will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.  in
68
november, 2018, cms issued a proposed rule that would permit pass-through supplemental provider payments during a time-limited period when states transition populations or services from fee-for-service medicaid to managed care.
hitech act: in july 2010, the department of health and human services ("hhs") published final regulations implementing the health information technology ("hit") provisions of the american recovery and reinvestment act (referred to as the "hitech act"). the final regulation defines the "meaningful use" of electronic health records ("ehr") and establishes the requirements for the medicare and medicaid ehr payment incentive programs. the final rule established an initial set of standards and certification criteria. the implementation period for these new medicare and medicaid incentive payments started in federal fiscal year 2011 and can end as late as 2016 for medicare and 2021 for the state medicaid programs. state medicaid program participation in this federally funded incentive program is voluntary but all of the states in which our eligible hospitals operate have chosen to participate. our acute care hospitals qualified for these ehr incentive payments upon implementation of the ehr application assuming they meet the "meaningful use" criteria. the government's ultimate goal is to promote more effective (quality) and efficient healthcare delivery through the use of technology to reduce the total cost of healthcare for all americans and utilizing the cost savings to expand access to the healthcare system.
pursuant to hitech act regulations, hospitals that do not qualify as a meaningful user of ehr by 2015 are subject to a reduced market basket update to the ipps standardized amount in 2015 and each subsequent fiscal year. we believe that all of our acute care hospitals have met the applicable meaningful use criteria and therefore are not subject to a reduced market basked update to the ipps standardized amount in federal fiscal year 2015. however, under the hitech act, hospitals must continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria in each fiscal year or they will be subject to a market basket update reduction in a subsequent fiscal year. failure of our acute care hospitals to continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria would have an adverse effect on our future net revenues and results of operations.
federal regulations require that medicare ehr incentive payments be computed based on the medicare cost report that begins in the federal fiscal period in which a hospital meets the applicable "meaningful use" requirements. since the annual medicare cost report periods for each of our acute care hospitals ends on december 31st, we will recognize medicare ehr incentive income for each hospital during the fourth quarter of the year in which the facility meets the "meaningful use" criteria and during the fourth quarter of each applicable subsequent year.
in the 2019 ipps final rule, cms overhauled the medicare and medicaid ehr incentive program to focus on interoperability, improve flexibility, relieve burden and place emphasis on measures that require the electronic exchange of health information between providers and patients.  we can provide no assurance that the changes will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
managed care: a significant portion of our net patient revenues are generated from managed care companies, which include health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and managed medicare (referred to as medicare part c or medicare advantage) and medicaid programs. in general, we expect the percentage of our business from managed care programs to continue to grow. the consequent growth in managed care networks and the resulting impact of these networks on the operating results of our facilities vary among the markets in which we operate. typically, we receive lower payments per patient from managed care payers than we do from traditional indemnity insurers, however, during the past few years we have secured price increases from many of our commercial payers including managed care companies.
commercial insurance: our hospitals also provide services to individuals covered by private health care insurance. private insurance carriers typically make direct payments to hospitals or, in some cases, reimburse their policy holders, based upon the particular hospital's established charges and the particular coverage provided in the insurance policy. private insurance reimbursement varies among payers and states and is generally based on contracts negotiated between the hospital and the payer.
commercial insurers are continuing efforts to limit the payments for hospital services by adopting discounted payment mechanisms, including predetermined payment or drg-based payment systems, for more inpatient and outpatient services. to the extent that such efforts are successful and reduce the insurers' reimbursement to hospitals and the costs of providing services to their beneficiaries, such reduced levels of reimbursement may have a negative impact on the operating results of our hospitals.
other sources: our hospitals provide services to individuals that do not have any form of health care coverage. such patients are evaluated, at the time of service or shortly thereafter, for their ability to pay based upon federal and state poverty guidelines, qualifications for medicaid or other state assistance programs, as well as our local hospitals' indigent and charity care policy. patients without health care coverage who do not qualify for medicaid or indigent care write-offs are offered substantial discounts in an effort to settle their outstanding account balances.
69
health care reform: listed below are the medicare, medicaid and other health care industry changes which have been, or are scheduled to be, implemented as a result of the legislation.
implemented medicare reductions and reforms:
   the reconciliation act reduced the market basket update for inpatient and outpatient hospitals and inpatient behavioral health facilities by 0.25% in each of 2010 and 2011, by 0.10% in each of 2012 and 2013, 0.30% in 2014, 0.20% in each of 2015 and 2016 and 0.75% in each of 2017, 2018 and 2019.
   the legislation implemented certain reforms to medicare advantage payments, effective in 2011.
   a medicare shared savings program, effective in 2012.
   a hospital readmissions reduction program, effective in 2012.
   a value-based purchasing program for hospitals, effective in 2012.
   a national pilot program on payment bundling, effective in 2013.
   reduction to medicare dsh payments, effective in 2014, as discussed above.
medicaid revisions:
   expanded medicaid eligibility and related special federal payments, effective in 2014.
   the legislation (as amended by subsequent federal legislation) requires annual aggregate reductions in federal dsh funding from federal fiscal year ("ffy") 2020 through ffy 2025. the aggregate annual reduction amounts are $4.0 billion for ffy 2020 and $8.0 billion for ffy 2021 through ffy 2025. in december, 2019, federal legislation was enacted which delays the reduction in the medicaid dsh allotment through may 22, 2020.
health insurance revisions:
   large employer insurance reforms, effective in 2015.
   individual insurance mandate and related federal subsidies, effective in 2014. as noted above in health care reform, the tax cuts and jobs act enacted into law in december, 2017 eliminated the individual insurance federal mandate penalty after december 31, 2018.
   federally mandated insurance coverage reforms, effective in 2010 and forward.
the legislation seeks to increase competition among private health insurers by providing for transparent federal and state insurance exchanges. the legislation also prohibits private insurers from adjusting insurance premiums based on health status, gender, or other specified factors. we cannot provide assurance that these provisions will not adversely affect the ability of private insurers to pay for services provided to insured patients, or that these changes will not have a negative material impact on our results of operations going forward.
value-based purchasing:
there is a trend in the healthcare industry toward value-based purchasing of healthcare services. these value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. governmental programs including medicare and medicaid currently require hospitals to report certain quality data to receive full reimbursement updates. in addition, medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events. many large commercial payers currently require hospitals to report quality data, and several commercial payers do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events.
the legislation required hhs to implement a value-based purchasing program for inpatient hospital services which became effective on october 1, 2012. the legislation requires hhs to reduce inpatient hospital payments for all discharges by a percentage beginning at 1% in ffy 2013 and increasing by 0.25% each fiscal year up to 2% in ffy 2017 and subsequent years. hhs will pool the amount collected from these reductions to fund payments to reward hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards established by hhs. hhs will determine the amount each hospital that meets or exceeds the quality performance standards will receive from the pool of dollars created by these payment reductions. in its fiscal year 2016 ipps final rule, cms funded the
70
value-based purchasing program by reducing base operating drg payment amounts to participating hospitals by 1.75%.  for ffy 2017 and subsequent years, this reduction was increased to its maximum of 2%.
hospital acquired conditions:
the legislation prohibits the use of federal funds under the medicaid program to reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat hospital acquired conditions ("hac"). beginning in ffy 2015, hospitals that fall into the top 25% of national risk-adjusted hac rates for all hospitals in the previous year will receive a 1% reduction in their total medicare payments.
readmission reduction program:
in the legislation, congress also mandated implementation of the hospital readmission reduction program ("hrrp"). hospitals with excessive readmissions for conditions designated by hhs will receive reduced payments for all inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excessive readmission standard. the hrrp currently assesses penalties on hospitals having excess readmission rates for heart failure, myocardial infarction, pneumonia, acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) and elective total hip arthroplasty (tha) and/or total knee arthroplasty (tka), excluding planned readmissions, when compared to expected rates.  in the fiscal year 2015 ipps final rule, cms added readmissions for coronary artery bypass graft (cabg) surgical procedures beginning in fiscal year 2017. to account for excess readmissions, an applicable hospital's base operating drg payment amount is adjusted for each discharge occurring during the fiscal year. readmissions payment adjustment factors can be no more than a 3 percent reduction.
accountable care organizations:
the legislation requires hhs to establish a medicare shared savings program that promotes accountability and coordination of care through the creation of accountable care organizations ("acos"). the aco program allows providers (including hospitals), physicians and other designated professionals and suppliers to voluntarily work together to invest in infrastructure and redesign delivery processes to achieve high quality and efficient delivery of services. the program is intended to produce savings as a result of improved quality and operational efficiency. acos that achieve quality performance standards established by hhs will be eligible to share in a portion of the amounts saved by the medicare program.  cms is also developing and implementing more advanced aco payment models, such as the next generation aco model, which require acos to assume greater risk for attributed beneficiaries.  on december 21, 2018, cms published a final rule that, in general, requires aco participants to take on additional risk associated with participation in the program.  it remains unclear to what extent providers will pursue federal aco status or whether the required investment would be warranted by increased payment.
bundled payments for care improvement advanced:
the center for medicare & medicaid innovation ("cmmi") is responsible for establishing demonstration projects and other initiatives aimed to develop, test and encourage the adoption of new methods for delivery and payment for health care that create savings under the federal medicare and state medicaid programs while improving quality of care. for example, providers participating in bundled payment initiatives agree to receive one payment for services provided to medicare beneficiaries for certain medical conditions or episodes of care, accepting accountability for costs and quality of care across the continuum of care. by rewarding providers for increasing quality and reducing costs, and penalizing providers if costs exceed a set amount, these models are intended to lead to higher quality and more coordinated care at a lower cost to the medicare beneficiary and overall program. the cmmi has previously implemented a voluntary bundled payment program known as the bundled payment for care improvement ("bpci"). substantially all of our acute care hospitals were participants in the bpci program, which ended september 30, 2018.
cmmi implemented a new, second generation voluntary episode payment model, bundled payments for care improvement advanced (bpci-advanced or the program), with the first performance period beginning october 1, 2018.  bpci-advanced is designed to test a new iteration of bundled payments for 32 clinical episodes (29 inpatient and 3 outpatient) with an aim to align incentives among participating health care providers to reduce expenditures and improve quality of care for traditional medicare beneficiaries. the first cohort of participants entered bpci-advanced on october 1, 2018, and agreed to an initial performance period that will run through december 31, 2023.  we initially elected to participate in bpci-advanced at seventeen (17) of our acute care hospitals across almost two hundred (200) clinical episodes in collaboration with a third-party convener which has extensive experience and success in bpci. a second bpci-advanced cohort started january 1, 2020 where our participation in the program increased to twenty-two (22) acute care hospitals with over three hundred (300) clinical episodes. the ultimate success and financial impact of the bpci-advanced program is contingent on multiple variables so we are unable to estimate the impact.  however, given the breadth and scope of participation of our acute care hospitals in bpci-advanced, the impact could be significant (either favorably or unfavorably) depending on actual program results.
in addition to statutory and regulatory changes to the medicare and each of the state medicaid programs, our operations and reimbursement may be affected by administrative rulings, new or novel interpretations and determinations of existing laws and regulations, post-payment audits, requirements for utilization review and new governmental funding restrictions, all of which may
71
materially increase or decrease program payments as well as affect the cost of providing services and the timing of payments to our facilities. the final determination of amounts we receive under the medicare and medicaid programs often takes many years, because of audits by the program representatives, providers' rights of appeal and the application of numerous technical reimbursement provisions. we believe that we have made adequate provisions for such potential adjustments. nevertheless, until final adjustments are made, certain issues remain unresolved and previously determined allowances could become either inadequate or more than ultimately required.
finally, we expect continued third-party efforts to aggressively manage reimbursement levels and cost controls. reductions in reimbursement amounts received from third-party payers could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and our results.
other operating results interest expense reflected below are the components of our interest expense which amounted to $163 million during 2019, $155 million during 2018 and $145 million during 2017 (amounts in thousands):
2019                     2018                     2017

revolving credit &amp; demand notes (a.)                                  $3,066                  $12,240                  $10,933
$300 million, 3.75% senior notes due 2019 (b.)                                 -                   10,156                   11,250
$700 million, 4.75% senior notes due 2022 (c.)                            32,280                   32,280                   32,280
$400 million, 5.00% senior notes due 2026 (d.)                            20,000                   20,000                   20,000
term loan facility a (a.)                                                 73,005                   63,021                   47,745
term loan facility b (a.)                                                 20,274                    3,511                        -
accounts receivable securitization program (e.)                           12,471                   11,785                    7,987
subtotal-revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term              161,096                  152,993                  130,195
loan facility and accounts receivable securitization program interest rate swap (income)/expense, net                                  (3,400   )               (6,726   )                2,403
amortization of financing fees                                             5,118                    9,143                    8,932
other combined interest expense                                            3,754                    3,343                    4,740
capitalized interest on major projects                                    (3,366   )               (2,266   )               (1,020   )
interest income                                                             (469   )               (1,531   )                  (81   )
interest expense, net                                                   $162,733                 $154,956                 $145,169
72
(a.)   in october, 2018, we entered into a sixth amendment to our credit agreement dated november 15, 2010 to, among other things: (i.) increase the aggregate amount of the revolving commitments by $200 million to $1 billion; (ii) increase the aggregate amount of the term loan facility a by approximately $290 million to $2 billion, and; (iii) extend the maturity date of the credit agreement from august 7, 2019 to october 23, 2023. on october 31, 2018, we added a seven-year, tranche b term loan facility, which matures on october 31, 2025, in the aggregate amount of $495 million pursuant to our credit agreement.

the credit agreement, as amended in october, 2018, consists of: (i) an $1 billion revolving credit facility (there are no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2019); (ii) a term loan a facility with $2.0 billion of outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2019, and; (iii) a term loan b facility with $500 million of outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2019.
(b.)   on november 26, 2018 we redeemed the $300 million aggregate principal, 3.75% senior notes due 2019. the 2019 notes were redeemed for an aggregate price equal to 100.485% of the principal amount (premium of approximately $1 million) plus accrued interest to the redemption date.

(c.)   in june, 2016, we completed the offering of an additional $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior notes due in 2022 (issued at a yield of 4.35%), the terms of which were identical to the terms of our $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior notes due in 2022, issued in august, 2014. these senior notes, combined, are referred to as $700 million, 4.75% senior notes due in 2022.

(d.)   in june, 2016, we completed the offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior notes due in 2026.

(e.)   in april, 2018, we amended our accounts receivable securitization program, which was scheduled to expire in december, 2018. pursuant to the amendment, the term has been extended through april 26, 2021, and the borrowing limit has been increased to $450 million from $440 million ($400 million outstanding as of december 31, 2019).

interest expense increased $8 million during 2019 to $163 million as compared to $155 million during 2018.  the increase was due primarily to an increase in our aggregate average cost of borrowings pursuant to our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan a and b facilities and accounts receivable securitization program facilities.  the average cost of borrowings on these facilities increased to 4.0% during 2019, as compared to 3.8% during 2018, on average outstanding borrowings of approximately $4.0 billion during each year.
interest expense increased $10 million during 2018 to $155 million as compared to $145 million during 2017.  the increase was due primarily to: (i) a net increase of $23 million in aggregate interest expense on our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan a and b facilities and accounts receivable securitization program resulting from an increase in our aggregate average cost of borrowings pursuant to these facilities (3.8% during 2018, as compared to 3.2% during 2017, on average outstanding borrowings of approximately $4.0 billion during each year), partially offset by; (ii) a $9 million decrease in the interest rate swap expense; (iii) a $3 million combined increase in capitalized interest and interest income, and; (iv) $1 million of other combined net decreases.
the aggregate average effective interest rate, including amortization of deferred financing costs, original issue discounts and designated interest rate swap expense, on borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan a and b facilities and accounts receivable securitization program (which amounted to approximately $4.0 billion during each of 2019, 2018 and 2017), were 4.0% during 2019, 3.8% during 2018 and 3.5% during 2017.
costs related to early extinguishment of debt in connection with various financing transaction completed during the year, as discussed below in capital resources-credit agreements and outstanding debt securities, our 2018 results of operations include a $4 million pre-tax charge incurred for the costs related to the extinguishment of debt.  this charge, which was included in other operating expenses, consisted of the write-off of deferred charges ($3 million) as well as the make-whole premium paid ($1 million) on the early redemption of the $300 million, 3.75% senior notes which were scheduled to mature in 2019.
provision for asset impairment-foundations recovery network:
our financial results for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 include pre-tax provisions for asset impairments of approximately $98 million and $49 million, respectively, recorded in connection with foundations recovery network, l.l.c. ("foundations"), which was acquired by us in 2015.
73
the pre-tax provision for asset impairment recording during 2019 includes: (i) a $75 million impairment provision to write-off the carrying value of the foundations' tradename intangible asset, and; (ii) a $23 million impairment provision to reduce the carrying value of real property assets of certain foundations' facilities. the $49 million pre-tax provision for asset impairment recorded during 2018 reduced the carrying value of a tradename intangible asset to approximately $75 million from its original value of approximately $124 million.
the provision for asset impairment recorded during 2019, which is included in other operating expenses in our consolidated statements of income, was recorded after evaluation of the estimated fair value of the foundations' tradename as well as certain related real property assets. the provision for asset impairment was impacted by the following: (i) decisions made by management during 2019 to cancel the opening of future planned de novo facilities; (ii) reductions in projected future patient volumes, revenues and cash flows resulting from continued operating trends and financial results experienced by existing facilities that significantly lagged expectations, and; (iii) competitive pressures experienced in certain markets that were deemed to be permanent.
the provision for asset impairment recorded during 2018, which is also included in other operating expenses, was recorded after an evaluation, at that time, of the estimated fair value of the foundations' tradename for its existing facilities, consisting of 4 inpatient and 12 outpatient facilities as of december 31, 2018, as well as estimated planned de novos. the 2018 asset impairment charge was impacted by the following: (i) the lost future revenue and cash flows resulting from the permanent closure of a foundations' inpatient facility located in malibu, california that was severely damaged in the california wildfires during the fourth quarter of 2018; (ii) reduction in growth rates of projected future patient volumes, revenues and operating cash flows based upon pressures on reimbursement rates experienced from certain payers and competitive pressures experienced in certain markets, and; (iii) revisions made to the number and timing of planned de novo facilities.
provision for income taxes and effective tax rates the effective tax rates, as calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by income before income taxes, were as follows for each of the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 (dollar amounts in thousands):
2019                       2018                       2017

provision for income taxes               $238,794                   $236,642                   $363,697
income before income taxes              1,066,337                  1,034,525                  1,135,009
effective tax rate                           22.4   %                   22.9   %                   32.0   %
the provision for income taxes increased $2 million and the effective tax rate decreased 0.5% during 2019, as compared 2018, due primarily to: (i) an increase resulting from the provision for income taxes recorded on the $32 million increase in pre-tax income, as discussed above in results of operations; (ii) a decrease of $11 million resulting from our adoption of asu 2016-09 which decreased our provision for income taxes by approximately $12 million during 2019, as compared to a decrease of approximately $1 million during 2018; (iii) a $4 million decrease resulting from a favorable adjustment recorded during 2019 related to a change in state tax law, partially offset by; (iv) a $6 million increase recorded during 2019 resulting from the above-mentioned net estimated federal and state income taxes due on the portion of the doj reserve that is estimated to be non-deductible for income tax purposes.
the decrease in the effective tax rate during 2018, as compared to 2017, was due primarily to the following:
   a decrease in the provision for income taxes during 2018 resulting from the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tcja-17") which, among other things, reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018, partially offset by;

   a net increase of $13 million in the provision for income taxes during 2018, as compared to 2017, due to the following that decreased or increased our provision for income taxes during 2018 and/or 2017: (i) decreases of $6 million and $30 million recorded during 2018 and 2017, respectively, resulting from a reduction in our net deferred income tax liability recorded in connection with the tcja-17 which reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate to 21% from 35%, effective january 1, 2018, partially offset by; (ii) an increase of $11 million recorded during 2017 due to a one-time repatriation tax incurred pursuant to the tcja-17 (in connection with our behavioral health care facilities located in the u.k. and puerto rico), and;

   a $21 million increase in our provision for income taxes during 2018, as compared to 2017, due to an unfavorable change resulting from our january 1, 2017 adoption of asu 2016-09, which decreased our provision for income taxes by $1 million during 2018 as compared to $22 million during 2017.

74
effects of inflation and seasonality seasonality -our acute care services business is typically seasonal, with higher patient volumes and net patient service revenue in the first and fourth quarters of the year. this seasonality occurs because, generally, more people become ill during the winter months, which results in significant increases in the number of patients treated in our hospitals during those months.
inflation -inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations over the last three years. however, since the healthcare industry is very labor intensive and salaries and benefits are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supply and other costs, we cannot predict the impact that future economic conditions may have on our ability to contain future expense increases. our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to medicare and medicaid patients is limited due to various federal, state and local laws which have been enacted that, in certain cases, limit our ability to increase prices. we believe, however, that through adherence to cost containment policies, labor management and reasonable price increases, the effects of inflation on future operating margins should be manageable.
liquidity year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to december 31, 2018:
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $1.438 billion during 2019 as compared to $1.275 billion during 2018. the net increase of $164 million was primarily attributable to the following:
   a favorable change of $110 million resulting from an increase in net income plus/minus depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation, provision for asset impairment, net gains on sales of assets and costs related to extinguishment of debt;

   a favorable change of $29 million in accrued and deferred income taxes, and;

   $25 million of other combined net favorable changes.

days sales outstanding ("dso"): our dso are calculated by dividing our net revenue by the number of days in the year. the result is divided into the accounts receivable balance the end of the year. our dso were 50 days at december 31, 2019, 51 days at december 31, 2018 and 53 days at december 31, 2017.
our accounts receivable as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018 include amounts due from illinois of approximately $36 million and $32 million, respectively. collection of the outstanding receivables continues to be delayed due to state budgetary and funding pressures. approximately $18 million as of each of december 31, 2019 and 2018, of the receivables due from illinois were outstanding in excess of 60 days, as of each respective date. although the accounts receivable due from illinois could remain outstanding for the foreseeable future, since we expect to eventually collect all amounts due to us, no related reserves have been established in our consolidated financial statements. however, we can provide no assurance that we will eventually collect all amounts due to us from illinois. failure to ultimately collect all outstanding amounts due to us from illinois would have an adverse impact on our future consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $688 million during 2019 and $747 million during 2018.
2019:
the $688 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2019 consisted of:
   $634 million spent on capital expenditures including capital expenditures for equipment, renovations and new projects at various existing facilities;

   $21 million spent on the purchase and implementation of information technology applications;

   $20 million spent in connection with net cash outflows from forward exchange contracts that hedge our investment in the u.k. against movements in exchange rates;

   $15 million spent to fund investments in various joint-ventures;

   $9 million of proceeds received from sales of assets and businesses, and;

75
   $8 million spent to acquire businesses and property.

2018:
the $747 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2018 consisted of:
   $665 million spent on capital expenditures including capital expenditures for equipment, renovations and new projects at various existing facilities;

   $110 million spent to acquire businesses and property consisting primarily of the acquisition of: (i) the danshell group, consisting of 25 behavioral health facilities located in the u.k. (acquired during the third quarter of 2018), and; (ii) a 109-bed behavioral health care facility located in gulfport, mississippi (acquired during the first quarter of 2018);

   $66 million received in connection with net cash inflows from forward exchange contracts that hedge our investment in the u.k. against movements in exchange rates;

   $36 million spent on the purchase and implementation of information technology applications;

   $15 million spent to fund construction costs of a new behavioral health care facility, that is jointly owned by us and a third-party, that was completed and opened during the third quarter of 2018, and;

   $13 million received in connection with the sale of a business and property including the limes, an 18-bed facility located in the u.k.

net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $845 million during 2019 and $492 million during 2018.
2019:
the $845 million of net cash used in financing activities during 2019 consisted of the following:
   spent $57 million on net repayment of debt as follows: (i) $50 million related to our term loan a facility; (ii) $5 million related to our term loan b facility, and; (iii) $2 million related to other debt facilities;

   generated $39 million of proceeds related to new borrowings as follows: (i) $25 million pursuant to a short-term, on-demand credit facility; (ii) $10 million pursuant to our accounts receivable securitization program, and; (iii) $4 million related to other debt facilities.

   spent $771 million to repurchase shares of our class b common stock in connection with: (i) open market purchases pursuant to our $2.7 billion stock repurchase program ($723 million), and; (ii) income tax withholding obligations related to stock-based compensation programs ($48 million);

   spent $53 million to pay quarterly cash dividends of $.20 per share in each of september and december, 2019 and $.10 per share in each of march and june, 2019;

   spent $16 million to pay profit distributions related to noncontrolling interests in majority owned businesses;

   generated $11 million from the issuance of shares of our class b common stock pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans, and;

   received $1 million in capital contributions from minority members in majority owned businesses.

2018:
the $492 million of net cash used in financing activities during 2018 consisted of the following:
   spent $830 million on net repayment of debt as follows: (i) $67 million related to our term loan a facility; (ii) $403 million related to our revolving credit facility; (iii) $300 million related to the early redemption of our 3.75% bonds that were scheduled to mature in 2019; (iv) $29 million related to our accounts receivable securitization program; (v) $29 million related to our short-term, on-demand credit facility, and; (vi) $2 million related to other debt facilities;

   generated $791 million of proceeds related to new borrowings pursuant to our term loan a facility ($291 million) and our term loan b facility ($500 million);

76
   spent $397 million to repurchase shares of our class b common stock in connection with: (i) open market purchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program ($384 million), and; (ii) income tax withholding obligations related to stock-based compensation programs ($13 million);

   spent $37 million to pay quarterly cash dividends of $.10 per share;

   spent $14 million in financing costs;

   spent $15 million to pay profit distributions related to noncontrolling interests in majority owned businesses, and;

   generated $10 million from the issuance of shares of our class b common stock pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans.

year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to december 31, 2017:
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $1.275 billion during 2018 as compared to $1.248 billion during 2017. the net increase of $27 million was primarily attributable to the following:
   a favorable change of $91 million due to an increase in net income plus/minus depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation, a net gain on sales of assets, and provision for intangible asset impairment;

   an unfavorable change of $48 million in accrued and deferred income taxes;

   a favorable change of $40 million in other working capital accounts resulting primarily from changes in accrued expenses and due to timing of disbursements;

   an unfavorable change of $18 million in accounts receivable;

   an unfavorable change of $7 million in accrued insurance expense, net of commercial premiums paid, and;

   $30 million of other combined net unfavorable changes.

net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $747 million during 2018 and $685 million during 2017.  the factors contributing to the $747 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2018 are detailed above.
2017:
the $685 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2017 consisted of:
   $557 million spent on capital expenditures including capital expenditures for equipment, renovations and new projects at various existing facilities;

   $64 million spent in connection with net cash outflows from forward exchange contracts that hedge our investment in the u.k. against movements in exchange rates;

   $29 million spent on the purchase and implementation of information technology applications;

   $23 million spent to acquire businesses and property;

   $8 million spent to fund construction costs of a new, jointly owned behavioral health care facility, and;

   $3 million spent to increase the statutorily required capital reserves of our commercial insurance subsidiary.

net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $492 million during 2018 and $519 million during 2017.  the factors contributing to the $492 million of net cash used in financing activities during 2018 are detailed above.
2017:
the $519 million of net cash used in financing activities during 2017 consisted of the following:
   spent $143 million on net repayment of debt as follows: (i) $89 million related to our term loan a facility; (ii) $52 million related to our revolving credit facility, and; (iii) $2 million related to other debt facilities;

77
   generated $41 million of proceeds related to new borrowings pursuant to our accounts receivable securitization program ($21 million) and short-term, on-demand credit facility ($20 million);

   spent $364 million to repurchase shares of our class b common stock in connection with: (i) open market purchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program ($330 million), and; (ii) income tax withholding obligations related to stock-based compensation programs ($34 million);

   spent $38 million to pay quarterly cash dividends of $.10 per share;

   spent $25 million to pay profit distributions related to noncontrolling interests in majority owned businesses, and;

   generated $10 million from the issuance of shares of our class b common stock pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans.

2020 expected capital expenditures:
during 2020, we expect to spend approximately $775 million to $825 million on capital expenditures which includes expenditures for capital equipment, renovations and new projects at existing hospitals. approximately $250 million of our 2020 expected capital expenditures relates to completion of projects that are in progress as of december 31, 2019. we believe that our capital expenditure program is adequate to expand, improve and equip our existing hospitals. we expect to finance all capital expenditures and acquisitions with internally generated funds and/or additional funds, as discussed below.
capital resources credit facilities and outstanding debt securities on october 23, 2018, we entered into a  sixth amendment (the "sixth amendment") to our credit agreement dated as of november 15, 2010, as amended on march 15, 2011, september 21, 2012, may 16, 2013, august 7, 2014 and june 7, 2016, among uhs, as borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, as lenders, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto (the "senior credit agreement"). the sixth amendment became effective on october 23, 2018.
the sixth amendment amended the senior credit agreement to, among other things: (i) increase the aggregate amount of the revolving credit facility to $1 billion (increase of $200 million over the $800 million previous commitment); (ii) increase the aggregate amount of the tranche a term loan commitments to $2 billion (increase of approximately $290 million over the $1.71 billion of outstanding borrowings prior to the amendment), and; (iii) extended the maturity date of the revolving credit and tranche a term loan facilities to october 23, 2023 from august 7, 2019.
on october 31, 2018, we added a seven-year tranche b term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $500 million pursuant to the senior credit agreement. the tranche b term loan matures on october 31, 2025.  we used the proceeds to repay borrowings under the revolving credit facility, the securitization (as defined below), to redeem our $300 million, 3.75% senior notes that were scheduled to mature in 2019 and for general corporate purposes.
as of december 31, 2019, we had no borrowings outstanding pursuant to our $1 billion revolving credit facility and we had $967 million of available borrowing capacity net of $2 million of outstanding letters of credit and $31 million of outstanding borrowings pursuant to a short-term credit facility.
pursuant to the terms of the sixth amendment, the tranche a term loan, which had $1.950 billion of borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2019, provides for eight installment payments of $12.5 million per quarter which commenced in march of 2019 and are scheduled to continue through december of 2020.  thereafter, payments of $25 million per quarter are scheduled, commencing in march of 2021 until maturity in october of 2023, when all outstanding amounts will be due.
the tranche b term loan, which had $495 million of borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2019, provides for installment payments of $1.25 million per quarter, which commenced on march 31, 2019 and are scheduled to continue until maturity in october of 2025, when all outstanding amounts will be due.
borrowings under the senior credit agreement bear interest at our election at either (1) the abr rate which is defined as the rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the lender's prime rate, (b) the weighted average of the federal funds rate, plus 0.5% and (c) one month libor rate plus 1%, in each case, plus an applicable margin based upon our consolidated leverage ratio at the end of each quarter ranging from 0.375% to 0.625% for revolving credit and term loan a borrowings and 0.75% for tranche b borrowings, or (2) the one, two, three or six month libor rate (at our election), plus an applicable margin based upon our consolidated leverage ratio at the end of each quarter ranging from 1.375% to 1.625% for revolving credit and term loan a borrowings and 1.75% for the tranche b term loan. as of december 31, 2019, the applicable margins were 0.375% for abr-based loans and 1.375% for libor-based loans under the revolving credit and term loan a facilities.  the revolving credit facility includes a $125 million sub-limit for letters of credit. the senior credit agreement is secured by certain assets of the company and our material subsidiaries (which generally
78
excludes asset classes such as substantially all of the patient-related accounts receivable of our acute care hospitals, and certain real estate assets and assets held in joint-ventures with third parties) and is guaranteed by our material subsidiaries.
the senior credit agreement includes a material adverse change clause that must be represented at each draw. the senior credit agreement contains covenants that include a limitation on sales of assets, mergers, change of ownership, liens and indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, dividends and stock repurchases; and requires compliance with financial covenants including maximum leverage. we are in compliance with all required covenants as of december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018.
in late april, 2018, we entered into the sixth amendment to our accounts receivable securitization program ("securitization") dated as of october 27, 2010 with a group of conduit lenders, liquidity banks, and pnc bank, national association, as administrative agent, which provides for borrowings outstanding from time to time by certain of our subsidiaries in exchange for undivided security interests in their respective accounts receivable. the sixth amendment, among other things, extended the term of the securitization program through april 26, 2021 and increased the borrowing capacity to $450 million (from $440 million previously). although the program fee and certain other fees were adjusted in connection with the sixth amendment, substantially all other provisions of the securitization program remained unchanged.  pursuant to the terms of our securitization program, substantially all of the patient-related accounts receivable of our acute care hospitals ("receivables") serve as collateral for the outstanding borrowings. we have accounted for this securitization as borrowings. we maintain effective control over the receivables since, pursuant to the terms of the securitization, the receivables are sold from certain of our subsidiaries to special purpose entities that are wholly-owned by us. the receivables, however, are owned by the special purpose entities, can be used only to satisfy the debts of the wholly-owned special purpose entities, and thus are not available to us except through our ownership interest in the special purpose entities. the wholly-owned special purpose entities use the receivables to collateralize the loans obtained from the group of third-party conduit lenders and liquidity banks. the group of third-party conduit lenders and liquidity banks do not have recourse to us beyond the assets of the wholly-owned special purpose entities that securitize the loans. at december 31, 2019, we had $400 million of outstanding borrowings pursuant to the terms of the securitization and $50 million of available borrowing capacity.
as of december 31, 2019, we had combined aggregate principal of $1.1 billion from the following senior secured notes:
   $700 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior secured notes due in august, 2022 ("2022 notes") which were issued as follows:

   $300 million aggregate principal amount issued on august 7, 2014 at par.

   $400 million aggregate principal amount issued on june 3, 2016 at 101.5% to yield 4.35%.

   $400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior secured notes due in june, 2026 ("2026 notes") which were issued on june 3, 2016.

interest on the 2022 notes is payable on february 1 and august 1 of each year until the maturity date of august 1, 2022.  interest on the 2026 notes is payable on june 1 and december 1 until the maturity date of june 1, 2026. the 2022 notes and 2026 notes were offered only to qualified institutional buyers under rule 144a and to non-u.s. persons outside the united states in reliance on regulation s under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"). the 2022 notes and 2026 notes have not been registered under the securities act and may not be offered or sold in the united states absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.
on november 26, 2018 we redeemed the $300 million aggregate principal, 3.75% senior notes due in 2019. the 2019 notes were redeemed for an aggregate price equal to 100.485% of the principal amount, resulting in a premium paid of approximately $1 million, plus accrued interest to the redemption date.
at each of december 31, 2019 and 2018, the carrying value and fair value of our debt were each approximately $4.0 billion. the fair value of our debt was computed based upon quotes received from financial institutions. we consider these to be "level 2" in the fair value hierarchy as outlined in the authoritative guidance for disclosures in connection with debt instruments.
our total debt as a percentage of total capitalization was approximately 42% at december 31, 2019 and 43% at december 31, 2018.
during 2015, we entered into nine forward starting interest rate swaps whereby we paid a fixed rate on a total notional amount of $1.0 billion and received one-month libor. the average fixed rate payable on these swaps, all of which matured on april 15, 2019, was 1.31%.  although we can provide no assurance that we will ultimately do so, we are currently monitoring the interest rate environment and evaluating the terms of potential replacement interest rate swaps that we may enter into for a large portion, or potentially all, of the $1 billion total notional amount that expired on april 15, 2019.
79
we expect to finance all capital expenditures and acquisitions, pay dividends and potentially repurchase shares of our common stock utilizing internally generated and additional funds. additional funds may be obtained through: (i) borrowings under our existing revolving credit facility or through refinancing the existing senior credit agreement; (ii) the issuance of other long-term debt, and/or; (iii) the issuance of equity. we believe that our operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, as well as access to the capital markets, provide us with sufficient capital resources to fund our operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months, including the refinancing of our above-mentioned senior credit agreement that is scheduled to mature in october, 2023.  however, in the event we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time. our inability to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us could have a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019 we were party to certain off balance sheet arrangements consisting of standby letters of credit and surety bonds which totaled $112 million consisting of: (i) $108 million related to our self-insurance programs, and; (ii) $4 million of other debt and public utility guarantees.
obligations under operating leases for real property, real property master leases and equipment amount to $418 million as of december 31, 2019. the real property master leases are leases for buildings on or near hospital property for which we guarantee a certain level of rental income. we sublease space in these buildings and any amounts received from these subleases are offset against the expense. in addition, we lease three hospital facilities from universal health realty trust (the "trust") with two hospital terms expiring in 2021 and the third in 2026. these leases contain up to two 5-year renewal options. we also lease two free-standing emergency departments and space in certain medical office buildings which are owned by the trust.  in addition, we lease the real property of certain other facilities from non-related parties as indicated in item 2. properties, as included herein.
the following represents the scheduled maturities of our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019:
payments due by period (dollars in thousands)

less than                         2-3                         4-5                       after total                               1 year                       years                       years                     5 years long-term debt obligations (a)                  $3,984,127                         $87,550                  $1,261,621                  $1,761,448                    $873,508
estimated future interest payments on debt              598,118                    164,419                     256,880                     128,358                      48,461
outstanding as of december 31, 2018 (b)
construction commitments (c)                            124,993                     77,811                      47,182                           0                           0
purchase and other obligations (d)                      293,231                     57,025                     107,485                      70,221                      58,500
operating leases (e)                                    417,651                     68,703                     113,195                      86,825                     148,928
estimated future payments for defined benefit           189,349                     15,567                      15,928                      18,011                     139,843
pension plan, and other retirement plan (f)
health and dental unpaid claims (g)                      87,115                     87,115                           0                           0                           0
total contractual cash obligations              $5,694,584                        $558,190                  $1,802,291                  $2,064,863                  $1,269,240
(a)   reflects borrowings outstanding, after unamortized financing costs, as of december 31, 2019 as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.

(b)   assumes that all debt outstanding as of december 31, 2019, including borrowings under our credit agreement, demand note and accounts receivable securitization program, remain outstanding until the final maturity of the debt agreements at the same interest rates (some of which are floating) which were in effect as of december 31, 2019. we have the right to repay borrowings upon short notice and without penalty, pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement, demand note and accounts receivable securitization program.

(c)   our share of the remaining estimated construction cost of five behavioral health care facilities that are under construction and scheduled to be completed at various times in 2020, 2021 and 2022. we are required to build these facilities pursuant to joint-venture agreements with third parties. in addition, we had various other projects under construction as of december 31, 2019. because we can terminate substantially all of the construction contracts related to the various other projects at any time without paying a termination fee, these costs are excluded from the table above.

(d)   consists of: (i) $37 million related to long-term contracts with third-parties consisting primarily of certain revenue cycle data processing services for our acute care facilities; (ii) $219 million related to the future expected costs to be paid to a third-party vendor in connection with the ongoing operation of an electronic health records application and purchase and implementation of a revenue cycle and other applications for our acute care facilities, and; (iii) and $37 million for other software applications.

(e)   reflects our future minimum operating lease payment obligations related to our operating lease agreements outstanding as of december 31, 2019 as discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. some of the lease agreements provide us with the option to renew the lease and our future lease obligations would change if we exercised these renewal options. in

80
connection with these operating lease commitments, our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019 includes right of use assets amounting to $326 million and aggregate operating lease liabilities of $326 million ($56 million included in current liabilities and $270 million included in noncurrent liabilities).

(f)   consists of $169 million of estimated future payments related to our non-contributory, defined benefit pension plan (estimated through 2079), as disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, and $20 million of estimated future payments related to other retirement plan liabilities ($17 million of liabilities recorded in other non-current liabilities as of december 31, 2019 in connection with these retirement plans).

(g)   consists of accrued and unpaid estimated claims expense incurred in connection with our commercial health insurers and self-insured employee benefit plans.

as of december 31, 2019, the total accrual for our professional and general liability claims was $242 million, of which $42 million is included in other current liabilities and $200 million is included in other non-current liabilities. we exclude the $242 million for professional and general liability claims from the contractual obligations table because there are no significant contractual obligations associated with these liabilities and because of the uncertainty of the dollar amounts to be ultimately paid as well as the timing of such payments. please see self-insured/other insurance risks above for additional disclosure related to our professional and general liability claims and reserves.
