item 1a.   risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future growth. we could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the united states, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k before making an investment in our common stock.
the coronavirus (covid-19) will have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, cash flows and supply chain, as well as consumer spending.
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared covid-19 a global pandemic. federal, state and local governments have since implemented various restrictions, including travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus, shelter-in-place restrictions and limitations on business operations. in response to government recommendations and for the health and safety of our associates (i.e., employees) and guests, we announced on march 17, 2020 our decision to temporarily close all stores across the u.s. while too early to quantify, our sales and results of operations will be negatively impacted by this decision. even after our stores are re-opened, the virus could also negatively impact our results of operations by continuing to weaken demand for our products and services and/or by disrupting our supply chain. as events are rapidly changing, we are unable to accurately predict the impact that covid-19 will have on our business, financial condition, profitability, cash flows and supply chain due to uncertainties including, but not limited to, the duration of the closing of our stores, the duration of quarantines, shelter-in-place and other travel restrictions within u.s. and other affected countries, the severity of the virus, the duration of the outbreak and the public's response to the outbreak and its eventual aftermath.
epidemics, pandemics like covid-19, natural disasters, or other catastrophes or crises could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
epidemics, pandemics, or other public health crises, natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornados, wildfires, earthquakes, and mudslides, as well as acts of violence or terrorism, could result in physical damage to our properties, the temporary closure of stores and/or distribution and fast fulfillment centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products (or a substantial increase in the cost of those products) from domestic or foreign suppliers, the temporary disruption in the delivery of goods both to and from our distribution and fast fulfillment centers (or a substantial increase in the cost of those deliveries), the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores and/or the temporary reduction in visits to stores by customers. accordingly, if one or more epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, and/or acts of violence or terrorism were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to incur increased costs.
the health of the economy in the channels we serve may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products and salon services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the capital markets and the economy generally, both in the u.s. and internationally. we appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of beauty products sold directly to retail consumers and premium salon services. uncertainty in the economy could adversely impact consumer purchases of discretionary items across all of our product categories, including prestige beauty products and premium salon services. factors that could affect consumers' willingness to make such discretionary purchases include: general business conditions, levels of employment, interest rates, tax rates, the availability of consumer credit, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, and risks, or the public perception of risks, related to epidemics or pandemics like covid-19. in the event of a prolonged economic downturn or acute recession, consumer spending habits could be adversely affected, and we could experience lower than expected net sales.
11
in addition, a general deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our commercial partners including our vendor partners as well as the real estate developers and landlords who we rely on to construct and operate centers in which our stores are located. a bankruptcy or financial failure of a significant vendor or a number of significant real estate developers or shopping center landlords could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. additionally, volatility and disruption to the capital and credit markets in the recent global recession had a significant, adverse impact on global economic conditions, resulting in recessionary pressures and declines in consumer confidence and economic growth, which, in turn, led to declines in consumer spending. reduced consumer spending could cause changes in customer order patterns and changes in the level of merchandise purchased by our customers, and may signify a reset of consumer spending habits, all of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we may not be able to sustain our growth plans and successfully implement our long-range strategic and financial plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. in addition, we intend to continue to open new stores, which could strain our resources and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our continued and future growth largely depends on our ability to implement our long-range strategic and financial plans and successfully open and operate new stores on a profitable basis. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our growth plans or long-range strategic imperatives, including our efficiencies for growth cost optimization program, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. we intend to continue to grow our number of stores for the foreseeable future. our continued expansion places increased demands on our financial, managerial, operational, supply-chain, and administrative resources. for example, our planned expansion will require us to increase the number of people we employ, as well as to monitor and upgrade our management information and other systems, and our distribution infrastructure. these increased demands and operating complexities could cause us to operate our business less efficiently and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
if we are unable to gauge beauty trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our sales may decrease.
we believe our success depends in substantial part on our ability to:
●   recognize and define product and beauty trends;

●   anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences (including relating to sustainability of product sources, ingredient transparency, and animal welfare) in a timely manner;

●   translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product, and service offerings in our stores and salons in advance of our competitors;

●   develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms; and

●   distribute merchandise to our stores in an efficient and effective manner and maintain appropriate in-stock levels.

if we are unable to anticipate and fulfill the merchandise needs of the consumer, our net sales may decrease and we may be forced to increase markdowns of slow-moving merchandise, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we may be unable to compete effectively in our highly competitive markets.
the markets for beauty products and salon services are highly competitive with few barriers to entry. we compete against a diverse group of retailers, both small and large, including regional and national department stores, specialty retailers, drug stores, mass merchandisers, high-end and discount salon chains, locally owned beauty retailers and salons, online capabilities of national retailers, pure-play e-commerce companies, catalog retailers, and direct response television, including television home shopping retailers and infomercials. we believe the principal bases upon which we compete are the breadth of merchandise, our value proposition, the quality of our guests' shopping experience, and the
12
convenience of our stores as one-stop destinations for beauty products and salon services. many of our competitors are, and many of our potential competitors may be, larger and have greater financial, marketing, and other resources and therefore, may be able to adapt to changes in customer requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products, generate greater national brand recognition, or adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. as a result, we may lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock.
our comparable sales and quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. a variety of factors affect our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance, including:
●   general u.s. economic conditions and, in particular, the retail sales environment;

●   changes in our merchandising strategy or mix;

●   performance of our new and remodeled stores;

●   the effectiveness of our inventory management;

●   timing and concentration of new store openings, including additional human resource requirements and related pre-opening and other start-up costs;

●   cannibalization of existing store sales by new store openings;

●   levels of pre-opening expenses associated with new stores;

●   timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities;

●   seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions;

●   actions by our existing or new competitors; and

●   hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, earthquakes, mudslides, other natural disasters, and epidemics or pandemics.

accordingly, our results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable sales for any particular future period may decrease. in that event, the price of our common stock may decline. for more information on our quarterly results of operations, see note 18 to our consolidated financial statements, "selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)," and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
a reduction in traffic to, or the closing of, the other destination retailers in the shopping areas where our stores are located could significantly reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
as a result of our real estate strategy, most of our stores are located in off-mall shopping areas known as power centers. power centers typically contain three to five big-box anchor stores along with a variety of smaller specialty tenants. as a consequence of most of our stores being located in such shopping areas, our sales are derived, in part, from the volume of traffic generated by the other destination retailers and the anchor stores in power centers where our stores are located. customer traffic to these shopping areas may be adversely affected by the closing of such destination retailers or anchor stores, or by a reduction in traffic to such stores resulting from a regional or global economic downturn, an outbreak of flu or other viruses (such as covid-19), a general downturn in the local area where our store is located, or a decline in the desirability of the shopping environment of a particular power center. such a reduction in customer traffic would reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. we may respond by increasing markdowns, initiating marketing promotions, or transferring product to other stores to reduce excess inventory, which would further decrease our gross profits and net income.
13
any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution facilities could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we distribute products to our stores without supplementing such deliveries with direct-to-store arrangements from vendors or wholesalers. we are a retailer carrying over 25,000 beauty products that change on a regular basis in response to beauty trends, which makes the success of our operations particularly vulnerable to disruptions in our distribution infrastructure. any significant interruption in the operation of our supply chain infrastructure, such as disruptions in our information systems, disruptions in operations due to fire, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events (such as the recent outbreak of covid-19) labor disagreements, or shipping and transportation problems, could drastically reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide products and services to our stores, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our e-commerce platform exposes us to certain additional risks which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we offer most of our beauty products for sale through our ulta.com website and through our mobile applications. as a result, we encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis and our ability to operate, support, expand, and develop our internet operations, website, mobile applications and software, and other related operational systems. although we believe that our omnichannel participation is a distinct advantage for us due to synergies and the potential for new customers, supporting product offerings through these channels can create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. for example, if our e-commerce platform successfully grows, it may do so in part by attracting existing guests, rather than new guests, who choose to purchase products from us online or through our mobile applications rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. in addition, offering different products through each channel could cause conflicts and cause some of our current or potential internet or mobile customers to consider competing distributors of beauty products. offering products through our internet channel or through our mobile applications could also cause some of our current or potential vendors to consider competing internet or mobile offerings of their products either on their own or through competing distributors. additionally, omnichannel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing guest expectations and new developments by our competitors. as we continue to grow our e-commerce platform, the impact of attracting existing rather than new guests, conflicts between product offerings online or through our mobile applications and through our stores, and opening up our channels to increased competition from pure-play e-commerce companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. in addition, if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant guest-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information, result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential guest, employee, company and/or business partners' information, damage our reputation, and expose us to liability, which could negatively impact our business.
in the ordinary course of our business, we collect, process, and store sensitive and confidential data, including our proprietary business information and that of our guests, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our guests and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. the secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. we rely on commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage of confidential information. despite the security measures we have in place and continual vigilance in regard to the protection of sensitive information, our systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, attacks by hackers, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, human errors, or other similar events. any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our business, products, and services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
14
we are subject to risks relating to our information technology systems, and any failure to adequately protect our critical information technology systems or any material disruption of our information systems could negatively impact financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations, particularly during the holiday season.
we are increasingly dependent on a variety of information systems, including management, supply chain and financial information, and various other processes and transactions, to effectively manage our business. we have also identified the need to expand and upgrade our information systems to support historical and expected future growth. the failure of our information systems to perform as designed or breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our business and results of our operations. any material disruption of our systems could disrupt our ability to track, record, and analyze the merchandise that we sell and could cause delays or cancellation of customer orders or impede the manufacture or shipment of products, the processing of transactions, our ability to receive and process e-commerce orders, and/or the reporting of financial results.
our e-commerce operations are increasingly important to our business. the ulta.com website and our mobile applications serve as an effective extension of ulta beauty's marketing and prospecting strategies (beyond catalogs, newspaper inserts, and national advertising) by exposing potential new customers to the ulta beauty brand, product offerings, and enhanced content. as the importance of our website, mobile applications, and e-commerce operations to our business grows, we are increasingly vulnerable to downtime and other technical failures. our failure to successfully respond to these risks could reduce e-commerce sales and damage our brand's reputation.
increased costs or interruption in our third-party vendors' overseas sourcing operations could disrupt production, shipment, or receipt of some of our merchandise, which could result in lost sales and could increase our costs.
we directly source the majority of our ulta beauty branded product components and gifts with purchase and other promotional products through third-party vendors using foreign factories. in addition, many of our vendors use overseas sourcing to varying degrees to manufacture some or all of their products. any event causing a sudden disruption of manufacturing or imports from such foreign countries, including the imposition of additional import restrictions, unanticipated political changes, increased customs duties, legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers' ability to produce and deliver products, and natural disasters, could materially harm our operations. we have no long-term supply contracts with respect to such foreign-sourced items, many of which are subject to existing or potential duties, tariffs, or quotas that may limit the quantity of certain types of goods that may be imported into the united states from such countries. our business is also subject to a variety of other risks generally associated with sourcing goods from abroad, such as political instability, disruption of imports by labor disputes, and local business practices. our sourcing operations may also be hurt by health concerns regarding infectious diseases in countries in which our merchandise is produced (such as covid-19), adverse weather conditions or natural disasters that may occur overseas, or acts of war or terrorism in the united states or worldwide, to the extent these acts affect the production, shipment, or receipt of merchandise. our future operations and performance will be subject to these factors, and these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs.
diversion of exclusive salon products, or a decision by manufacturers of exclusive salon products to utilize other distribution channels, could negatively impact our revenue from the sale of such products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
the retail products that we sell in our salons are meant to be sold exclusively by professional salons and authorized professional retail outlets. however, incidents of product diversion occur, which involve the selling of salon exclusive haircare products to unauthorized channels such as drug stores, grocery stores, or mass merchandisers. diversion could result in adverse publicity that harms the commercial prospects of our products (if diverted products are old, tainted, or damaged), as well as lower product revenues should consumers choose to purchase diverted product from these channels rather than purchasing from one of our salons. additionally, the various product manufacturers could, in the future, decide to utilize other distribution channels for such products, therefore widening the availability of these products in other retail channels, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products.
15
the capacity of our distribution and order fulfillment infrastructure and the performance of our distribution and fast fulfillment centers may not be adequate to support our historical growth and expected future growth plans, which could prevent the successful implementation of these plans or cause us to incur excess costs to expand this infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we currently operate four distribution facilities, which house the distribution operations for ulta beauty retail stores together with the order fulfillment operations of our e-commerce platform, and one fast fulfillment center (e-commerce only). in 2014, we began a multi-year supply chain project, which focused on, among other things, adding capacity and system improvements to support expanded omnichannel capabilities. to support our historical and expected future growth and to maintain the efficient operation of our business, it is likely additional distribution centers or fast fulfillment centers will be added in the future. our failure to effectively upgrade and expand our distribution capacity on a timely basis to keep pace with our anticipated growth in stores and the performance of our distribution centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we rely on our good relationships with vendor partners to purchase prestige, mass, and salon beauty products on reasonable terms. if these relationships were to be impaired, or if certain vendor partners were to change their distribution model, or are unable to supply sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans, we may not be able to obtain a sufficient selection or volume of merchandise on reasonable terms, and we may not be able to respond promptly to changing trends in beauty products, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we have no long-term supply agreements with vendor partners and, therefore, our success depends on maintaining good relationships with our vendor partners. our business depends to a significant extent on the willingness and ability of our vendor partners to supply us with a sufficient selection and volume of products to stock our stores. some of our prestige vendor partners may not have the capacity to supply us with sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans. we also have strategic partnerships with certain core brands, which have allowed us to benefit from the growing popularity of such brands. any of our other core brands could in the future decide to scale back or end its partnership with us and strengthen its relationship with our competitors, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products. if we fail to maintain strong relationships with our existing vendor partners, or if we fail to continue acquiring and strengthening relationships with additional vendor partners of beauty products, our ability to obtain a sufficient amount and variety of merchandise on reasonable terms may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our competitive position.
during fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, merchandise supplied to ulta beauty by our top ten vendor partners accounted for approximately 61% and 62% of our net sales, respectively. there continues to be vendor consolidation within the beauty products industry. the loss of or a reduction in the amount of merchandise made available to us by any one of these key vendors, or by any of our other vendor partners, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
use of social media may adversely impact our reputation.
there has been a substantial increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based and mobile communications, which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. negative commentary regarding us or the products we sell may be posted on social media platforms and similar devices at any time and may be adverse to our reputation or business. customers value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy or source. the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.
we also use social media platforms as marketing tools. for example, we maintain facebook, twitter, instagram, and pinterest accounts. as laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees, or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices could adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
16
litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims and the outcome of such litigation, proceedings or claims, including possible fines and penalties, could have a material adverse effect on our business and any loss contingency accruals may not be adequate to cover actual losses.
from time to time, we are subject to litigation, including potential class action and single-plaintiff litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims in the ordinary course of our business operations regarding, but not limited to, employment matters, consumer claims, security of consumer and employee personal information, contractual relations with suppliers, marketing and infringement of trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. litigation to defend ourselves against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties, may be necessary, which could absorb significant management time, result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. we establish accruals for potential liability arising from litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims when potential liability is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated based on currently available information. we may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we have not accrued a liability. in addition, actual losses may be higher than the amount accrued for a certain matter, or in the aggregate. any resolution of litigation or other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
specifically, our technologies, promotional products purchased from third-party vendors, and/or ulta beauty branded products, or potential products in development may infringe rights under patents, patent applications, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property rights of third parties in the united states and abroad. these third parties could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful, could cause us to pay substantial damages. further, if a third party were to bring an intellectual property infringement suit against us, we could be forced to stop or delay development, manufacturing, or sales of the product that is the subject of the suit.
as a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from the third party and would most likely be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. these licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened intellectual property infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be non-exclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. the inability to enter into licenses could harm our business significantly.
in addition to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent or trademark litigation and other proceedings, including interference proceedings declared by the united states patent and trademark office (uspto) proceedings before the uspto's trademark trial and appeal board and opposition proceedings in the european patent office, regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our technologies, products purchased from third-party vendors or our ulta beauty branded products. some of our competitors may be able to bear the costs of such litigation or proceedings better than us because of their substantially greater financial resources. uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of intellectual property litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. intellectual property litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
if our manufacturers are unable to produce products manufactured uniquely for ulta beauty, including ulta beauty branded products and gifts with purchase and other promotional products, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements, we could suffer lost sales and be required to take costly corrective action, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and therefore depend upon independent third-party vendors for the manufacture of all products manufactured uniquely for ulta beauty, including the ulta beauty collection and ulta beauty branded gifts with purchase and other promotional products. our third-party manufacturers of ulta beauty products may not maintain adequate controls with respect to product specifications and quality and may not continue to produce products that are consistent with applicable regulatory requirements. if we or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we could be required to take costly corrective action. in addition, sanctions under various laws may include seizure of products, injunctions against future shipment of products, restitution
17
and disgorgement of profits, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecution. the fda does not have a pre-market approval system for cosmetics, and we believe we are permitted to market our cosmetics and have them manufactured without submitting safety or efficacy data to the fda. however, cosmetic products may become subject to more extensive regulation in the future. these events could interrupt the marketing and sale of our ulta beauty products, severely damage our brand reputation and image in the marketplace, increase the cost of our products, cause us to fail to meet customer expectations, or cause us to be unable to deliver merchandise in sufficient quantities or of sufficient quality to our stores, any of which could result in lost sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we, as well as our vendors, are subject to laws and regulations that could require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
in our u.s. markets, numerous laws and regulations at the federal, state, and local levels can affect our business. legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, and we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these requirements or their effect on our operations. if we fail to comply with any present or future laws or regulations, we could be subject to future liabilities, a prohibition on the operation of our stores, or a prohibition on the sale of our ulta beauty branded products. in particular, failure to adequately comply with the following legal requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
●   our rapidly expanding workforce, growing in pace with our number of stores, makes us vulnerable to changes in labor and employment laws. in addition, changes in federal and state minimum wage laws and other laws relating to employee benefits could cause us to incur additional wage and benefits costs, which could hurt our profitability and affect our growth strategy.

●   our salon business is subject to state board regulations and state licensing requirements for our stylists and our salon procedures. failure to maintain compliance with these regulatory and licensing requirements could jeopardize the viability of our salons.

●   we operate stores in california, which has enacted legislation commonly referred to as "proposition 65" requiring that "clear and reasonable" warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. although we have sought to comply with proposition 65 requirements, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by litigation relating to proposition 65.

●   future changes in healthcare reform legislation could significantly impact our business.

in addition, greenhouse gases may have an adverse effect on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. concern over climate change may result in new or additional legal, legislative, and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, which could result in future tax, transportation, and utility increases, which could adversely affect our business. there is also increased focus, including by investors, guests, and other stakeholders on these and other sustainability matters, including the use of plastic, energy, waste, and worker safety. our reputation could be damaged if we do not (or are perceived not to) act responsibly with respect to sustainability matters, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, sale, and storage of our vendors' products and our ulta beauty branded products are also subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies, including fda, ftc, cpsc, and various state and local agencies, such as state ags and district attorneys. if we, our vendors, or the manufacturers of our ulta beauty branded products fail to comply with those regulations, we could become subject to significant penalties, claims, or product recalls, which could harm our results of operations or our ability to conduct our business.
additionally, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketability of our vendors' products or our ulta beauty branded products, resulting in significant loss of net sales. our failure to comply with federal, state, or local requirements when we advertise our products (including prices) or services, or engage in other
18
promotional activities, in digital (including social media), television, or print may result in enforcement actions and imposition of penalties or otherwise harm the distribution and sale of our products.
our associates or others may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with our policies and procedures.
we are exposed to the risk of misconduct or other improper activities by our associates and third parties such as independent contractors or agents. misconduct by associates, independent contractors, or agents could include inadvertent or intentional failures to comply with our policies and procedures, the laws and regulations to which we are subject, and/or ethical, social, product, labor, and environmental standards. our current and former associates or independent contractors may also become subject to allegations of sexual harassment, racial and gender discrimination, or other similar misconduct, which, regardless or the ultimate outcome, may result in adverse publicity that could significantly harm our brand, reputation, and operations. associate misconduct could also involve improper use of information obtained in the course of the associate's prior or current employment, which could result in legal or regulatory action and harm to our reputation.
if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we regard our trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. our principal intellectual property rights include registered and common law trademarks on "the possibilities are beautiful.®," "ulta beauty," "ulta," and other marks incorporating our name and "all things beauty. all in one place®," and "21 days of beauty®," copyrights in our website and mobile applications content, rights to our domain name www.ulta.com, and trade secrets and know-how with respect to our ulta beauty branded product formulations, product sourcing, sales and marketing and other aspects of our business, and our digital innovations such as try-on applications and artificial intelligence. as such, we rely on trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality agreements with certain of our employees, consultants, suppliers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. if we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights for any reason (including any cybersecurity incident that results in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights), or if other parties infringe on our intellectual property rights, our brand and reputation could be impaired and we could lose customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our ulta beauty branded products and salon services may cause unexpected and undesirable side effects that could result in their discontinuance or expose us to lawsuits, either of which could result in unexpected costs and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
unexpected and undesirable side effects caused by our ulta beauty branded products for which we have not provided sufficient label warnings or salon services, which may have been performed negligently, could result in the discontinuance of sales of our products or of certain salon services or prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected products and services. such side effects could also expose us to product liability or negligence lawsuits. any claims brought against us may exceed our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. any judgment against us that is in excess of our policy limits would have to be paid from our cash reserves, which would reduce our capital resources. these events could cause negative publicity regarding our company, brand, or products, which could in turn harm our reputation and net sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
if we fail to retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our business requires disciplined execution at all levels of our organization. this execution requires an experienced and talented management team. if we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts, and abilities of key executive personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
19
furthermore, our ability to manage our retail expansion will require us to continue to train, motivate, and manage our associates. we will need to attract, motivate, and retain additional qualified executive, managerial, and merchandising personnel and store associates. competition for this type of personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting, assimilating, and retaining the personnel required to grow and operate our business profitably.
as we grow the number of our stores in new locations, we are subject to local building codes in an increasing number of local jurisdictions. our failure to comply with local building codes, and the failure of our landlords to obtain certificates of occupancy in a timely manner, could cause delays in our new store openings, which could increase our store opening costs, cause us to incur lost sales and profits, and damage our public reputation.
ensuring compliance with local zoning and real estate land use restrictions across numerous jurisdictions is increasingly challenging as we increase the number of our stores in new locations. our store leases generally require us to provide a certificate of occupancy with respect to the interior build-out of our stores (landlords generally provide the certificate of occupancy with respect to the shell of the store and the larger shopping area and common areas), and while we strive to remain in compliance with local building codes relating to the interior build out of our stores, the constantly increasing number of local jurisdictions in which we operate makes it increasingly difficult to stay abreast of changes in, and requirements of, local building codes and local building and fire inspectors' interpretations of such building codes. moreover, our landlords have occasionally been unable, due to the requirements of local zoning laws, to obtain in a timely manner a certificate of occupancy with respect to the shell of our stores and/or the larger shopping centers and/or common areas (which certificate of occupancy is required by local building codes for us to open our store), causing us in some instances to delay store openings. as the number of local building codes and local building and fire inspectors to which we and our landlords are subject to increases, we may be increasingly vulnerable to increased construction costs and delays in store openings caused by our or our landlords' compliance with local building codes and local building and fire inspectors' interpretations of such building codes. any such increased construction costs and/or delays in store openings could increase our store opening costs, cause us to incur lost sales and profits, and damage our public reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
increases in the demand for, or the price of, raw materials used to build and remodel our stores could hurt our profitability.
the raw materials used to build and remodel our stores are subject to availability constraints and price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, government regulations, general economic conditions, and other unpredictable factors. as a retailer engaged in an active building and remodeling program, we are particularly vulnerable to increases in construction and remodeling costs. as a result, increases in the demand for, or the price of, raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our secured revolving credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants that could limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to open stores.
we have a $1.0 billion secured revolving credit facility with a term expiring in march 2025. substantially all of our assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the agreement. outstanding borrowings bear interest at either a base rate plus a margin of 0% to 0.125% or the london interbank offered rate (libor) plus a margin of 1.125% to 1.25% and the unused line fee is 0.20% per annum. the credit facility agreement contains usual and customary restrictive covenants relating to our management and the operation of our business. these covenants, among other things, limit our ability to grant liens on our assets, incur additional indebtedness, pay cash dividends and redeem our stock, enter into transactions with affiliates, and merge or consolidate with another entity. these covenants could restrict our operational flexibility and any failure to comply with these covenants or our payment obligations would limit our ability to borrow under the credit facility and, in certain circumstances, may allow the lenders thereunder to require repayment.
20
the market price for our common stock may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock is likely to fluctuate significantly from time to time in response to factors including:
●   differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors;

●   fluctuations in quarterly operating results;

●   our performance during peak retail seasons such as the holiday season;

●   market conditions in our industry and the economy as a whole;

●   changes in the estimates of our operating performance or changes in recommendations by any research analysts that follow our stock or any failure to meet the estimates made by research analysts;

●   investors' perceptions of our prospects and the prospects of the beauty products and salon services industries;

●   the performance of our key vendor partners;

●   announcements by us, our vendor partners, or our competitors of significant acquisitions, divestitures, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;

●   introductions of new products or new pricing policies by us or by our competitors;

●   stock transactions by our principal stockholders;

●   recruitment or departure of key personnel;

●   the level and quality of securities research analyst coverage for our common stock; and

●   environmental, social, governance, sustainability, and other matters impacting our reputation.

in addition, public announcements by our competitors, other retailers, and vendors concerning, among other things, their performance, strategy, or accounting practices could cause the market price of our common stock to decline regardless of our actual operating performance.
increases in costs of mailing, paper, and printing will affect the cost of our catalog and promotional mailings, which could reduce our profitability.
postal rate increases and paper and printing costs affect the cost of our catalog and promotional mailings. in response to any future increases in mailing costs, we may consider reducing the number and size of certain catalog editions. in addition, we rely on discounts from the basic postal rate structure, such as discounts for bulk mailings and sorting by zip code and carrier routes. we are not a party to any long-term contracts for the supply of paper. the cost of paper fluctuates significantly, and our future paper costs are subject to supply and demand forces that we cannot control. future additional increases in postal rates or in paper or printing costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our stock repurchase programs could affect the price of our common stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock.
we may have in place from time to time, a stock repurchase program. any such stock repurchase program adopted will not obligate the company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock and may be suspended or discontinued at any time, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under any such stock repurchase program depends on a variety of factors including the timing of open trading windows, price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other market conditions. we may affect repurchases under any stock repurchase program from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, including accelerated stock repurchase arrangements. repurchases pursuant to any such stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. the existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. there can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness.
21
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates, and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could affect our financial results or financial condition.
generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as revenue recognition, lease obligations, inventory valuation, vendor allowances, impairment of long-lived tangible assets, customer loyalty program, share-based compensation, tax matters, and litigation, are complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates, and judgments. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, or judgments could negatively affect our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition.
we are a holding company with no operations of our own, and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash.
we are a holding company, and we do not have any material assets or operations other than ownership of equity interests of our subsidiaries. our operations are conducted entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to meet our obligations or to repurchase stock or pay dividends (if declared by our board of directors in the future) is dependent on the earnings of, and receipt of funds from, our subsidiaries through dividends or intercompany loans. the ability of our subsidiaries to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to allow us and them to make scheduled payments on our obligations will depend on their future financial performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive, and business factors, many of which are outside of our control.
anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and delaware law may discourage or prevent a change in control, even if a sale of the company would be beneficial to our stockholders, which could cause our stock price to decline and prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the market price of our common stock, and harm the market price of our common stock and diminish the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. these provisions include:
●   dividing our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms;

●   authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock without stockholder approval;

●   prohibiting stockholder actions by written consent;

●   prohibiting our stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders;

●   prohibiting our stockholders from making certain changes to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws except with a two-thirds majority stockholder approval; and

●   requiring advance notice for raising business matters or nominating directors at stockholders' meetings.

we are also subject to provisions of delaware law that, in general, prohibit any business combination with a beneficial owner of 15% or more of our common stock for three years after the stockholder becomes a 15% stockholder, subject to specified exceptions. together, these provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of delaware law could make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we were founded in 1990 as a beauty retailer at a time when prestige, mass, and salon products were sold through distinct channels - department stores for prestige products; drug stores and mass merchandisers for mass products; and salons and authorized retail outlets for professional hair care products. we developed a unique specialty retail concept that offers a broad range of brands and price points, a compelling value proposition, and a convenient and welcoming shopping environment. we define our target consumer as a beauty enthusiast, a consumer who is passionate about the beauty category and has high expectations for the shopping experience. we estimate the beauty enthusiasts represents approximately 57% of shoppers and 77% of spend in the u.s. beauty category. we believe our strategy provides us with the competitive advantages that have contributed to our financial performance.
we are the largest beauty retailer in the united states and the premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragrance, skin care products, hair care products, and salon services. we provide unmatched product breadth, value, and convenience in a distinctive specialty retail environment. key aspects of our business include: our ability to offer our guests a unique combination of more than 25,000 beauty products from across the categories of prestige and mass cosmetics, fragrance, haircare, skincare, bath and body products, and salon styling tools, as well as a full-service salon in every store featuring hair, skin, and brow services; our focus on delivering a compelling value proposition to our guests across all of our product categories; and convenience, as our stores are predominantly located in convenient, high-traffic locations such as power centers.
the continued growth of our business and any future increases in net sales, net income, and cash flows is dependent on our ability to execute our strategic imperatives: 1) drive growth across beauty enthusiast consumer groups, 2) deepen ulta beauty love and loyalty, 3) deliver a one of a kind, world class beauty assortment, 4) lead the in-store and beauty services experience transformation, 5) reinvent beauty digital engagement, 6) deliver operational excellence and drive efficiencies, and 7) invest in talent that drives a winning culture. we believe that the expanding u.s. beauty products and salon services industry, the shift in distribution channel of prestige beauty products from department stores to specialty retail stores, coupled with ulta beauty's competitive strengths, positions us to capture additional market share in the industry.
29
comparable sales is a key metric that is monitored closely within the retail industry. our comparable sales have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. a variety of factors affect our comparable sales, including general u.s. economic conditions, changes in merchandise strategy or mix, and timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities, among others.
over the long term, our growth strategy is to increase total net sales through increases in our comparable sales, opening new stores, and increasing omnichannel capabilities. operating profit is expected to increase as a result of our ability to expand merchandise margin and leverage our fixed store costs with comparable sales increases and operating efficiencies offset by incremental investments in people, systems, and supply chain required to support a 1,500 to 1,700 store chain in the u.s. with successful e-commerce and competitive omnichannel capabilities.
current business trends our research indicates that ulta beauty continues to drive meaningful market share across all categories. however, our research also suggests that the cosmetics category in the overall u.s. market experienced mid-single digit declines through fiscal 2019. beauty cycles are impacted by demographics and innovation. while demographic trends continue to be favorable, we believe a lack of incremental innovation has resulted in a challenging cycle for the cosmetics category, as innovation brought to the market has not resulted in incremental product purchases. despite the overall market decline in the cosmetics category, we remain confident that our differentiated and diverse business model, our commitment to strategic investments, and our highly engaged associates will continue to drive market share gains.
covid-19
in late 2019, covid-19 was detected in wuhan, china and other jurisdictions, prompting the chinese government to quarantine certain affected regions and impose both internal and external travel restrictions within the country. the virus has since spread to almost every other part of the world, including the u.s., and in march 2020, the world health organization declared covid-19 a global pandemic. federal, state, and local governments have since implemented various restrictions, including travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus, shelter-in-place restrictions and limitations on business operations. in response to government recommendations and for the health and safety of our associates and guests, we announced on march 17, 2020 our decision to temporarily close all stores across the u.s. while too early to quantify, our sales and results of operations will be negatively impacted by this decision. even after our stores are re-opened, the virus could also negatively impact our results of operations by continuing to weaken demand for our products and services and/or by disrupting our supply chain. as events are rapidly changing, we are unable to accurately predict the impact that covid-19 will have on our results of operations due to uncertainties including, but not limited to, the duration of the closing of our stores, the duration of quarantines, shelter-in-place and other travel restrictions within the u.s. and other affected countries, the severity of the virus, the duration of the outbreak, and the public's response to the outbreak and its eventual aftermath.
basis of presentation the company has one reportable segment, which includes retail stores, salon services, and e-commerce.
we recognize merchandise revenue at the point of sale in our retail stores. e-commerce merchandise sales are recognized based upon shipment of merchandise to the guest based on meeting the transfer of control criteria. retail store and e-commerce sales are recorded net of estimated returns. shipping and handling are treated as costs to fulfill the contract and not a separate performance obligation. accordingly, we recognize revenue for our single performance obligation related to online sales at the time control of the merchandise passes to the customer, which is at the time of shipment. we provide refunds for merchandise returns within 60 days from the original purchase date. state sales taxes are presented on a net basis as we consider our self a pass-through conduit for collecting and remitting state sales tax. salon service revenue is recognized at the time the service is provided to the guest. gift card sales revenue is deferred until the guest redeems the gift card. company coupons and other incentives are recorded as a reduction of net sales. other revenue sources include the private label and co-branded credit card programs, as well as deferred revenue related to the loyalty program and gift card breakage.
30
comparable sales reflect sales for stores beginning on the first day of the 14th month of operation. therefore, a store is included in our comparable store base on the first day of the period after one year of operations plus the initial one-month grand opening period. non-comparable store sales include sales from new stores that have not yet completed their 13th month of operation and stores that were closed for part or all of the period in either year as a result of remodel activity. remodeled stores are included in comparable sales unless the store was closed for a portion of the current or prior period. comparable sales include retail sales, salon services, and e-commerce. there may be variations in the way in which some of our competitors and other retailers calculate comparable or same store sales.
measuring comparable sales allows us to evaluate the performance of our store base as well as several other aspects of our overall strategy. several factors could positively or negatively impact our comparable sales results:
●   the general national, regional, and local economic conditions and corresponding impact on customer spending levels;

●   the introduction of new products or brands;

●   the location of new stores in existing store markets;

●   competition;

●   our ability to respond on a timely basis to changes in consumer preferences;

●   the effectiveness of our various merchandising and marketing activities; and

●   the number of new stores opened and the impact on the average age of all of our comparable stores.

cost of sales includes:
●   the cost of merchandise sold, including substantially all vendor allowances, which are treated as a reduction of merchandise costs;

●   distribution costs including labor and related benefits, freight, rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, and insurance;

●   shipping and handling costs;

●   retail stores occupancy costs including rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, repairs and maintenance, insurance, licenses, and cleaning expenses;

●   salon services payroll and benefits; and

●   shrink and inventory valuation reserves.

our cost of sales may be negatively impacted as we open an increasing number of stores. changes in our merchandise mix may also have an impact on cost of sales. this presentation of items included in cost of sales may not be comparable to the way in which our competitors or other retailers compute their cost of sales.
selling, general and administrative expenses include:
●   payroll, bonus, and benefit costs for retail stores and corporate employees;

●   advertising and marketing costs;

●   occupancy costs related to our corporate office facilities;

●   stock-based compensation expense;

●   depreciation and amortization for all assets, except those related to our retail stores and distribution operations, which are included in cost of sales; and

●   legal, finance, information systems, and other corporate overhead costs.

this presentation of items in selling, general and administrative expenses may not be comparable to the way in which our competitors or other retailers compute their selling, general and administrative expenses.
pre-opening expenses include non-capital expenditures during the period prior to store opening for new, remodeled, and relocated stores including rent during the construction period for new and relocated stores, store set-up labor, management and employee training, and grand opening advertising.
31
interest income, net includes both interest income and expense. interest income represents interest from cash equivalents and short-term investments with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase. interest expense includes interest costs and facility fees associated with our credit facility, which is structured as an asset-based lending instrument. our credit facility interest is based on a variable interest rate structure which can result in increased cost in periods of rising interest rates.
income tax expense reflects the federal statutory tax rate and the weighted average state statutory tax rate for the states in which we operate stores.
results of operations our fiscal years are the 52- or 53-week periods ending on the saturday closest to january 31. the company's fiscal years ended february 1, 2020 (fiscal 2019), february 2, 2019 (fiscal 2018), and february 3, 2018 (fiscal 2017) were 52, 52, and 53-week years, respectively.
as of february 1, 2020, we operated 1,254 stores across 50 states. the following tables present the components of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated:

fiscal year ended february 1,              february 2,              february 3,
(dollars in thousands)                                 2020                2019                     2018
net sales                                              $7,398,068               $6,716,615               $5,884,506
cost of sales                                                  4,717,004                4,307,304                3,787,697
gross profit                                                   2,681,064                2,409,311                2,096,809
selling, general and administrative expenses                   1,760,716                1,535,464                1,287,232
pre-opening expenses                                              19,254                   19,767                   24,286
operating income                                                 901,094                  854,080                  785,291
interest income, net                                             (5,056)                  (5,061)                  (1,568)
income before income taxes                                       906,150                  859,141                  786,859
income tax expense                                               200,205                  200,582                  231,625
net income                                             $705,945                 $658,559                 $555,234
other operating data:
number of stores end of period                                     1,254                    1,174                     1074
comparable sales increase                                           5.0%                     8.1%                    11.0%

fiscal year ended february 1,           february 2,           february 3,
(percentage of net sales)                              2020             2019                  2018
net sales                                                      100.0%                100.0%                100.0%
cost of sales                                                   63.8%                 64.1%                 64.4%
gross profit                                                    36.2%                 35.9%                 35.6%
selling, general and administrative expenses                    23.8%                 22.9%                 21.9%
pre-opening expenses                                             0.3%                  0.3%                  0.4%
operating income                                                12.1%                 12.7%                 13.3%
interest income, net                                             0.1%                  0.1%                  0.0%
income before income taxes                                      12.2%                 12.8%                 13.3%
income tax expense                                               2.7%                  3.0%                  3.9%
net income                                                       9.5%                  9.8%                  9.4%
32
fiscal year 2019 versus fiscal year 2018
net sales net sales increased $681.5 million, or 10.1%, to $7,398.1 million in fiscal 2019 compared to $6,716.6 million in fiscal 2018. the net sales increases are due to the opening of 80 net new stores in 2019, a 5.0% increase in comparable sales, and an increase of $23.4 million in other revenue. the 5.0% comparable sales increase included a 3.3% increase in transactions and a 1.7% increase in average ticket. we attribute the increase in comparable sales to our successful marketing and merchandising strategies.
gross profit gross profit increased $271.8 million, or 11.3%, to $2,681.1 million in fiscal 2019, compared to $2,409.3 million in fiscal 2018. gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 30 basis points to 36.2% in fiscal 2019 compared to 35.9% in fiscal 2018. the increase in gross profit margin was primarily due to:
●   50 basis points improvement in merchandise margins driven by our marketing and merchandising strategies and benefits from our efficiencies for growth (efg) initiatives;

●   20 basis points of leverage in fixed store costs attributed to the impact of higher sales volume, partially offset by;

●   40 basis points of deleverage due to investments in our salon services and supply chain operation.

selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses increased $225.3 million, or 14.7%, to $1,760.7 million in fiscal 2019 compared to $1,535.5 million in fiscal 2018. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses increased 90 basis points to 23.8% in fiscal 2019 compared to 22.9% in fiscal 2018. the deleverage in sg&a expenses was primarily due to:
●   80 basis points of deleverage primarily due to strategic investments in future growth opportunities and infrastructure to support our efg initiatives;

●   50 basis points of deleverage related to higher payroll and benefit-related expenses, partially offset by;

●   30 basis points of leverage in lower variable compensation expense; and

●   10 basis points of leverage in marketing expense attributed to strong sales growth.

pre-opening expenses pre-opening expenses decreased $0.5 million, or 2.6%, to $19.3 million in fiscal 2019 compared to $19.8 million in fiscal 2018. during fiscal 2019, we opened 86 new stores, remodeled 12 stores, and relocated eight stores. during fiscal 2018, we opened 107 new stores, remodeled 13 stores, and relocated two stores.
interest income, net interest income, net was $5.1 million in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018. interest income results from cash equivalents and short-term investments with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase. interest expense represents interest on borrowings and fees related to the credit facility. we did not have any outstanding borrowings on our credit facility as of february 1, 2020 and february 2, 2019.
income tax expense income tax expense of $200.2 million in fiscal 2019 represents an effective tax rate of 22.1%, compared to fiscal 2018 income tax expense of $200.6 million and an effective tax rate of 23.3%. the lower tax rate is primarily due to income tax accounting for share-based compensation and federal income tax credits.
33
net income net income increased $47.4 million, or 7.2%, to $705.9 million in fiscal 2019 compared to $658.6 million in fiscal 2018. the increase in net income was primarily due to a $271.8 million increase in gross profit partially offset by a $225.3 million increase in sg&a expenses.
fiscal year 2018 versus fiscal year 2017
net sales net sales increased $832.1 million, or 14.1%, to $6,716.6 million in fiscal 2018 compared to $5,884.5 million in fiscal 2017. the net sales increases are due to the opening of 100 net new stores in fiscal 2018, an 8.1% increase in comparable sales, and other revenue increased $48.9 million. the sales for the 53rd week of fiscal 2017 were approximately $108.8 million. the 8.1% comparable sales increase included a 5.3% increase in transactions and a 2.8% increase in average ticket. we attribute the increase in comparable sales to our successful marketing and merchandising strategies.
gross profit gross profit increased $312.5 million, or 14.9%, to $2,409.3 million in fiscal 2018, compared to $2,096.8 million in fiscal 2017. gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 30 basis points to 35.9% in fiscal 2018 compared to 35.6% in fiscal 2017. the impact of new revenue recognition accounting drove 55 basis points of leverage. the remaining 25 basis points of deleverage in gross profit margin was primarily due to:
●   55 basis points deleverage attributed to category and channel mix shifts and investments in our salon services and supply chain operation, partially offset by;

●   30 basis points leverage in fixed store costs attributed to the impact of higher sales volume.

selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses increased $248.2 million, or 19.3%, to $1,535.5 million in fiscal 2018 compared to $1,287.2 million in fiscal 2017. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses increased 100 basis points to 22.9% in fiscal 2018 compared to 21.9% in fiscal 2017. the impact of new revenue recognition accounting drove 80 basis points of deleverage. the remaining 20 basis points of deleverage in sg&a expenses was primarily due to:
●   30 basis points deleverage due to investments in store labor to support growth initiatives, partially offset by;

●   10 basis points leverage in corporate overhead due to the impact of higher sales volume.

pre-opening expenses pre-opening expenses decreased $4.5 million, or 18.6%, to $19.8 million in fiscal 2018 compared to $24.3 million in fiscal 2017. during fiscal 2018, we opened 107 new stores, remodeled 13 stores, and relocated two stores. during fiscal 2017, we opened 102 new stores, remodeled 11 stores, and relocated seven stores.
interest income, net interest income, net was $5.1 million in fiscal 2018 compared to $1.6 million in fiscal 2017. interest income results from cash equivalents and short-term investments with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase. interest expense represents interest on borrowings and fees related to the credit facility. we did not have any outstanding borrowings on our credit facility as of february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018.
34
income tax expense income tax expense of $200.6 million in fiscal 2018 represents an effective tax rate of 23.3%, compared to fiscal 2017 income tax expense of $231.6 million and an effective tax rate of 29.4%. the lower tax rate is primarily due tax reform.
net income net income increased $103.3 million, or 18.6%, to $658.6 million in fiscal 2018 compared to $555.2 million in fiscal 2017. the increase in net income was primarily due to a $312.5 million increase in gross profit and a $31.0 million decrease in income tax expense, which was partially offset by a $248.2 million increase in sg&a expenses.
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash needs are for rent, capital expenditures for new, remodeled, relocated, and refreshed stores (prestige boutiques and related in-store merchandising upgrades), increased merchandise inventories related to store expansion and new brand additions, in-store boutiques (sets of custom-designed fixtures configured to prominently display certain prestige brands within our stores), supply chain improvements, share repurchases, and continued improvement in our information technology systems.
our primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, including changes in working capital, and borrowings under our credit facility. the most significant component of our working capital is merchandise inventories and cash and cash equivalents reduced by related accounts payable and accrued expenses.
our working capital needs are greatest from august through november each year as a result of our inventory build-up during this period for the approaching holiday season. this is also the time of year when we are at maximum investment levels in our new store class and may not have collected all of the landlord allowances due to us as part of our lease agreements. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations, and borrowings under the credit facility will satisfy the company's working capital needs, capital expenditure needs, commitments, and other liquidity requirements through at least the next twelve months.
the following table presents a summary of our cash flows for fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017:

fiscal year ended february 1,              february 2,              february 3,
(in thousands)                                         2020                    2019                                       2018
net cash provided by operating activities                  $1,101,293               $956,127                 $779,366
net cash used in investing activities                              (471,480)                (215,107)                (530,714)
net cash used in financing activities                              (646,739)                (609,214)                (356,217)
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       $(16,926)                $131,806                 $(107,565)
operating activities operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, non-cash lease expense, deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation, realized gains or losses on disposal of property and equipment, and the effect of working capital changes. the fiscal 2019 increase over fiscal 2018 is mainly due to the increase in net income, merchandise inventories, other assets and liabilities, and the timing of prepaid expenses and other assets, partially offset by the timing of accounts payable. the increase in net income was due to an increase in gross profit due to sales increases and improvements in merchandise margins, partially offset by increased sg&a expenses due to investments in future growth. changes in other assets and liabilities was primarily due to increased participation in our deferred compensation plan. merchandise inventories, net were $1,293.7 million at february 1, 2020, compared to $1,214.3 million at february 2, 2019, representing an increase of $79.4 million or 6.5%.
35
average inventory per store (defined as merchandise inventory divided by number of stores open) was flat compared to prior year. the increase in inventory is primarily due to the addition on 80 net new stores opened since february 2, 2019.
investing activities we have historically used cash primarily for new, remodeled, relocated, and refreshed stores, supply chain investments, short-term investments, and investments in information technology systems. investment activities for capital expenditures were $298.5 million in fiscal 2019 compared to $319.4 million and $440.7 million in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively. capital expenditures decreased in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily from lower merchandising fixtures due to less spend on store refreshes and a decrease in the number of store openings, offset by increases in store maintenance and other due to corporate office renovations. purchases of short-term investments were $110.0 million during fiscal 2019 and consist of certificates of deposit with maturities of three to twelve months from the date of purchase.
the following table presents a summary of our store activities in fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017:

fiscal       fiscal       fiscal
2019         2018         2017
stores opened              86          107          102
stores remodeled           12           13           11
stores relocated            8            2            7
stores refreshed          240          109          190
during fiscal 2019, the average investment required to open a new ulta beauty store was approximately $1.3 million, which includes capital investment net of landlord contributions, pre-opening expenses, and initial inventory net of payables. the average investment required to remodel an ulta beauty store was approximately $0.9 million in fiscal 2019. the average investment required to refresh an ulta beauty store was approximately $0.1 million in fiscal 2019.
capital expenditures for fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017 by major category are as follows:

fiscal          fiscal          fiscal
(in millions)                          2019                     2018            2017
new, remodeled, and relocated stores       $141            $154            $190
merchandising and refreshed stores                29              63              87
information technology systems                    54              51              74
supply chain                                      17              22              42
store maintenance and other                       58              29              48
total                                      $299            $319            $441
our future investments will depend primarily on the number of new, remodeled, and relocated stores, information technology systems, and supply chain investments that we undertake and the timing of these expenditures. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund future capital expenditures.
financing activities financing activities in fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017 consist principally of share repurchases and capital stock transactions. purchases of treasury shares represent the fair value of common shares repurchased from plan participants in connection with shares withheld to satisfy minimum statutory tax obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock.
we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility at the end of fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017. the zero outstanding borrowings position is due to a combination of factors including strong sales growth, overall performance of management initiatives including expense control as well as inventory and other working capital reductions. we may
36
require borrowings under the facility from time to time in future periods for unexpected business disruptions, to support our new store program, share repurchases, and seasonal inventory needs. as a precautionary measure and to enhance financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty arising from the spread of covid-19, on march 23, 2020, the company announced that it drew down $800 million under the amended loan agreement.
share repurchase plan on march 9, 2017, we announced that the board of directors authorized a share repurchase program (the 2017 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company could repurchase up to $425.0 million of the company's common stock. the 2017 share repurchase program authorization revoked the previously authorized but unused amount of $79.9 million from the earlier share repurchase program. the 2017 share repurchase program did not have an expiration date but provided for suspension or discontinuation at any time.
on march 15, 2018, we announced that the board of directors authorized a share repurchase program (the 2018 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company could repurchase up to $625.0 million of the company's common stock. the 2018 share repurchase program authorization revoked the previously authorized but unused amount of $41.3 million from the 2017 share repurchase program. the 2018 share repurchase program did not have an expiration date but provided for suspension or discontinuation at any time.
on march 14, 2019, we announced that the board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2019 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company could repurchase up to $875.0 million of the company's common stock. the 2019 share repurchase program authorization revoked the previously authorized but unused amount of $25.4 million from the 2018 share repurchase program. the 2019 share repurchase program did not have an expiration date but provided for suspension or discontinuation at any time.
a summary of the company's common stock repurchase activity is presented in the following table:

fiscal                fiscal                fiscal
(dollars in millions)              2019                                 2018                  2017
shares repurchased                           2,320,896             2,463,555             1,503,545
total cost of shares repurchased       $681.0                $616.2                $367.6
on march 12, 2020, we announced that the board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2020 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company may repurchase up to $1.6 billion of the company's common stock. the 2020 share repurchase program authorization revokes the previously authorized but unused amounts of $214.6 million from the 2019 share repurchase program. the 2020 share repurchase program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
credit facility on august 23, 2017, we entered into a second amended and restated loan agreement (the loan agreement) with wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, collateral agent and a lender thereunder; wells fargo bank, national association and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as lead arrangers and bookrunners; jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as syndication agent and a lender; pnc bank, national association, as documentation agent and a lender; and the other lenders party thereto. the loan agreement matures on august 23, 2022, provides maximum revolving loans equal to the lesser of $400.0 million or a percentage of eligible owned inventory (which borrowing base may, at the election of the company and satisfaction of certain conditions, include a percentage of eligible owned receivables and qualified cash), contains a $20.0 million subfacility for letters of credit and allows the company to increase the revolving facility by an additional $50.0 million, subject to the consent by each lender and other conditions. the loan agreement contains a requirement to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 during such periods when availability under the loan agreement falls below a specified threshold. substantially all of the company's assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the loan agreement. outstanding borrowings will bear interest at either a base rate or the libor plus 1.25%, and the unused line fee is 0.20% per annum.
37
as of february 1, 2020 and february 2, 2019, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and the company was in compliance with all terms and covenants of the loan agreement.
on march 11, 2020, the company entered into amendment no. 1 to the loan agreement, which amended the existing agreement. the amendment extends the maturity of the facility to march 11, 2025, provides maximum revolving loans equal to the lesser of $1.0 billion or a percentage of eligible owned inventory and receivables, contains a $50 million sub-facility for letters of credit and allows the company to increase the revolving facility by an additional $100 million. as a precautionary measure and to enhance financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty arising from the spread of covid-19, on march 23, 2020, the company announced that it drew down $800 million under the amended loan agreement.
seasonality our business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. significant portions of our net sales and profits are realized during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year due to the holiday selling season. to a lesser extent, our business is also affected by mother's day and valentine's day season. any decrease in sales during these higher sales volume periods could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results for the entire fiscal year. our quarterly results of operations have varied in the past and are likely to do so again in the future. as such, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance.
impact of inflation and changing prices although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs. in addition, inflation could materially increase the interest rates on any future debt.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of february 1, 2020, we have not entered into any "off-balance sheet" arrangements, as that term is described by the sec. we do, however, have off-balance sheet purchase obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business as indicated within the contractual obligations table below.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual arrangements and the timing and effect that such commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. the table below includes obligations for executed agreements for which we do not yet have the right to control the use of the property as of february 1, 2020:

less than           1 to 3             3 to 5            more than 5
(in thousands)                        total                1 year              years              years             years operating lease obligations (1)       $2,250,191           $310,663            $672,880           $550,132          $716,516
purchase obligations                          35,006              32,316              2,690              -                  -
total (2)                             $2,285,197           $342,979            $675,570           $550,132          $716,516
(1)   these amounts are for our undiscounted lease obligations recorded in our consolidated balance sheets, as operating lease liabilities. for additional information about our leases, see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements, "leases."

(2)   the unrecognized tax benefit of $3.5 million as of february 1, 2020 is excluded due to uncertainty regarding the realization and timing of the related future cash flows, if any.

purchase obligations reflect legally binding agreements entered into by the company to purchase goods or services. excluded from our purchase obligations are normal purchases and contracts entered into in the ordinary course of
38
business. the amount of purchase obligations relates to commitments made to a third party for products and services for the new fast fulfillment center expected to open in fiscal 2021, advertising, and other goods and service contracts entered into as of february 1, 2020.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). the preparation of these financial statements required the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. management bases estimates on historical experience and other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances and evaluates these estimates on an on-going basis. actual results may differ from these estimates. a discussion of our more significant estimates follows. management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of these estimates and assumptions with the audit committee of the board of directors.
inventory valuation merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). cost is determined using the moving average cost method and includes costs incurred to purchase and distribute goods as well as related vendor allowances including co-op advertising, markdowns, and volume discounts. we record valuation adjustments to our inventories if the cost of a specific product on hand exceeds the amount we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or disposal of the inventory. these estimates are based on management's judgment regarding future demand, age of inventory, and analysis of historical experience. if actual demand or market conditions are different than those projected by management, future merchandise margin rates may be unfavorably or favorably affected by adjustments to these estimates.
inventories are adjusted for the results of periodic physical inventory counts at each of our locations. we record a shrink reserve representing management's estimate of inventory losses by location that have occurred since the date of the last physical count. this estimate is based on management's analysis of historical results and operating trends.
we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our inventory reserves. adjustments to earnings resulting from revisions to management's estimates of the inventory reserves have been insignificant during fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017. an increase or decrease in the lower of cost or market (net realizable value) reserve of 10% would not have a material impact on our pre-tax income for fiscal 2019. an increase or decrease in the shrink rate included in the shrink reserve calculation of 10% would not have a material impact on our pre-tax income for fiscal 2019.
vendor allowances the majority of cash consideration received from a vendor is considered to be a reduction of the cost of the related products and is reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of income as the related products are sold unless it is in exchange for an asset or service or a reimbursement of a specific, incremental, identifiable cost incurred by the company in selling the vendors' products. we estimate the amount recorded as a reduction of inventory at the end of each period based on a detailed analysis of inventory turns and management's analysis of the facts and circumstances of the various contractual agreements with vendors. we record cash consideration expected to be received from vendors in receivables. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our reduction of inventory. an increase or decrease in inventory turns of five basis points would not have a material impact on our pre-tax income for fiscal 2019.
impairment of long-lived tangible assets we review long-lived tangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate these assets might not be recoverable. assets are primarily reviewed at the store level, which is the lowest level for which cash flows can be identified. significant estimates are used in determining future operating results of each store over its remaining lease term. an
39
impairment loss would be recorded if the carrying amount of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our impairment charges. no significant impairment charges were recognized in fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018, or fiscal 2017.
loyalty program we maintain a customer loyalty program, ultamate rewards, which allows members to earn points based on purchases of merchandise or services. points earned are valid for at least one year. the loyalty program represents a material right to the customer and points may be redeemed on future products and services. revenue from the loyalty program is recognized when the members redeem points or points expire. we defer revenue related to points earned that have not yet been redeemed. the amount of deferred revenue includes estimates for the standalone selling price of points earned by members and the percentage of points expected to be redeemed. the expected redemption percentage is based on historical redemption patterns and considers current information or trends. the estimated redemption rate is evaluated each reporting period. we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions used to calculate the estimated redemption rate.
adjustments to earnings resulting from revisions to management's estimates of the redemption rates have been insignificant during fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017. an increase or decrease in the estimated redemption rate of 5% would not have a material impact on our pre-tax income in fiscal 2019.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states. judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.
we recognize deferred income taxes for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary differences are anticipated to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred taxes of a change in income tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statements of income in the period of enactment. a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized unless it is more-likely-than-not that such assets will be realized in full. the estimated tax benefit of an uncertain tax position is recorded in our consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax position will withstand challenge, if any, from applicable taxing authorities.
judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized on our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, "summary of significant accounting policies - recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted."
recently adopted accounting pronouncements see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, "summary of significant accounting policies - recently adopted accounting pronouncements."
40
