item 1a.   risk factors cautionary statements the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this annual report on form 10-k include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (pslra). when used in this annual report on form 10-k and in future filings by us with the sec, in our news releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, and in oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our executive officers, the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "forecast," "outlook," "plan," "project," "should" or similar words or phrases are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are intended to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the pslra. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. any forward-looking statement in this report speaks only as of the date of this report and, except as required by law; we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including unanticipated events, after the date of this report.
the following discussion contains cautionary statements regarding our business that investors and others should consider. we do not undertake to address in future filings or communications regarding our business or results of operations how any of these factors may have caused our results to differ from discussions or information contained in previous filings or communications. in addition, any of the matters discussed below may have affected past, as well as current, forward-looking statements about future results. any or all forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k and in any other public filings or statements we make may turn out to be wrong. our forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. many factors discussed below will be important in determining our future results. by their nature, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify.
if we fail to estimate, price for and manage our medical costs in an effective manner, the profitability of our risk-based products and services could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
through our risk-based benefit products, we assume the risk of both medical and administrative costs for our customers in return for monthly premiums. we generally use approximately 80% to 85% of our premium revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to these customers. the profitability of our products depends in large part on our ability to predict, price for and effectively manage medical costs. our optumhealth business negotiates capitation arrangements with commercial third-party payers, which are also included in premium revenues. under the typical capitation arrangement, the health care provider receives a fixed percentage of a third-party payer's premiums to cover all or a defined portion of the medical costs provided to the capitated member. premium revenues from risk-based products comprise nearly 80% of our total consolidated revenues. if we fail to predict accurately, or effectively price for or manage the costs of providing care to our capitated members, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and care management programs. total medical costs are affected by the number of individual services rendered, the cost of each service and the type of service rendered. our premium revenue on commercial policies and medicaid contracts are typically based on a fixed monthly rate per individual served for a 12-month period and is generally priced one to six months before the contract commences. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted to cms in june the year before the contract year. although we base the commercial and medicaid premiums we charge and our medicare bids on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period, many factors may cause actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums or bids. these factors may include medical cost inflation, increased use of services, increased cost of individual services, large-scale medical emergencies, the introduction of new or costly drugs, treatments and technology, new treatment guidelines, new mandated benefits (such as the expansion of essential benefits coverage) or other regulatory changes and insured population characteristics. relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of revenues can result in significant changes in our financial results. for example, if our 2019 medical costs for commercial insured products had been 1% higher than our actual medical costs, without proportionally higher revenues from such products, our annual net earnings for 2019 would have been reduced by approximately $320 million, excluding any offsetting impact from risk adjustment or from reduced premium rebates due to minimum mlrs.
in addition, the financial results we report for any particular period include estimates of costs that have been incurred for which claims are still outstanding. these estimates involve an extensive degree of judgment. if these estimates prove inaccurate, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could materially and adversely affect our business.
we are regulated by federal, state and local governments in the united states and other countries where we do business. our insurance and hmo subsidiaries must be licensed by and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. for example, states require periodic financial reports and enforce minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements. health plans and insurance companies are also regulated under state insurance holding company regulations and some of our activities may be subject to other health care-related regulations and requirements, including those relating to ppos, mcos, ur and tpa-related regulations and licensure requirements. under state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. any such assessment could expose our insurance entities and other insurers to the risk that they would be required to pay a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company's claims through state guaranty associations.
certain of our businesses provide products or services to various government agencies. for example, some of our unitedhealthcare and optum businesses hold government contracts or provide services related to government contracts and are subject to u.s. federal and state and non u.s. self-referral, anti-kickback, medical necessity, risk adjustment, false claims and other laws and regulations governing government contractors and the use of government funds. our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. among others, certain laws and regulations restrict or prohibit companies from performing work for government agencies that might be viewed as an actual or potential conflict of interest. these laws may limit our ability to pursue and perform certain types of work, thereby materially and adversely affecting our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
certain of our optum businesses are also subject to regulations that are distinct from those faced by our insurance and hmo subsidiaries, including, for example, state telemedicine regulations; debt collection laws; banking regulations; distributor and producer licensing requirements; state corporate practice of medicine doctrines; fee-splitting rules; and health care facility licensure and certificate of need requirements, some of which could impact our relationships with physicians, hospitals and customers. these risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our ability to market or provide our products and services, or to do so at targeted operating margins, or may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate.
the laws and rules governing our businesses and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change. for example, legislative, administrative and public policy changes to the aca are being considered, and we cannot predict if the aca will be further modified or repealed or replaced. litigation challenges have been brought seeking to invalidate the aca in whole or in part; and a federal appeals court struck down the aca as in part unconstitutional in 2019. that case has been remanded to federal district court. further, the integration into our businesses of entities that we acquire may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including by subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us. the broad latitude given to the agencies administering, interpreting and enforcing current and future regulations governing our businesses could force us to change how we do business, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our health care and administrative costs and capital requirements, or expose us to increased liability in courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation and other actions.
we also must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, increase prices for certain regulated products and services and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. for example, premium rates for our health insurance and managed care products are subject to regulatory review or approval in many states and by the federal government. additionally, we must submit data on all proposed rate increases on many of our products to hhs for monitoring purposes. geographic and product expansions may be subject to state and federal regulatory approvals. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or our failure to obtain or maintain adequate approvals could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
certain of our businesses operate internationally and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or conduct business. these regulatory regimes encompass, among other matters, local and cross-border taxation, licensing, tariffs, intellectual property, investment, capital (including minimum solvency margin and reserve requirements), management control, labor, anti-fraud, anti-corruption and privacy and data protection regulations (including requirements for cross-border data transfers) that vary by jurisdiction. we currently operate outside of the united states and in the future may acquire or commence additional businesses based outside of the united states, increasing our exposure to non-u.s. regulatory regimes. for example, our unitedhealthcare global business subjects us to brazilian laws and regulations affecting hospitals, managed care and insurance industries and to regulation by brazilian regulators, including the national regulatory agency for private health insurance and plans, the agência nacional de saúde suplementar, while the banmédica business is subject to chilean, colombian and peruvian laws, regulations and regulators applicable to hospitals and private insurance. any international regulator may take an approach to the interpretation, implementation and enforcement of industry regulations that could differ from the approach taken by u.s. regulators. in addition, our non-u.s. businesses and operations are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the fcpa, which prohibits offering, promising, providing or authorizing others to give anything of value to a foreign government official to obtain or retain business or otherwise secure a business advantage. our failure to comply with u.s. or non-u.s. laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to establish constructive relations with non-u.s. regulators could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, or to do so at targeted operating margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the health care industry is regularly subject to negative publicity, including as a result of governmental investigations, adverse media coverage and political debate surrounding industry regulation. negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.
as a result of our participation in various government health care programs, both as a payer and as a service provider to payers, we are exposed to additional risks associated with program funding, enrollments, payment adjustments, audits and government investigations that could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we participate in various federal, state and local government health care benefit programs, including as a payer in medicare advantage, medicare part d, various medicaid programs and chip, and receive substantial revenues from these programs. certain of our optum businesses also provide services to payers participating in government health care programs. a reduction or less than expected increase, or a protracted delay, in government funding for these programs or change in allocation methodologies, or termination of the contract at the option of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the government health care programs in which we participate generally are subject to frequent changes, including changes that may reduce the number of persons enrolled or eligible for coverage, reduce the amount of reimbursement or payment levels, reduce our participation in certain service areas or markets, or increase our administrative or medical costs under such programs. revenues for these programs depend on periodic funding from the federal government or applicable state governments and allocation of the funding through various payment mechanisms. funding for these government programs depends on many factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state level. for example, cms has in the past reduced or frozen medicare advantage benchmarks, and additional cuts to medicare advantage benchmarks are possible. in addition, from time to time, cms makes changes to the way it calculates medicare advantage risk adjustment payments. although we have adjusted members' benefits and premiums on a selective basis, ceased to offer benefit plans in certain counties, and intensified both our medical and operating cost management in response to the benchmark reductions and other funding pressures, these or other strategies may not fully address the funding pressures in the medicare advantage program. in addition, payers in the medicare advantage program may be subject to reductions in payments from cms as a result of decreased funding or recoupment pursuant to government audit.
under the medicaid managed care program, state medicaid agencies seek bids from eligible health plans to continue their participation in the acute care medicaid health programs. if we are not successful in obtaining renewals of state medicaid managed care contracts, we risk losing the members that were enrolled in those medicaid plans. under the medicare part d program, to qualify for automatic enrollment of low income members, our bids must result in an enrollee premium below a regional benchmark, which is calculated by the government after all regional bids are submitted. if the enrollee premium is not below the government benchmark, we risk losing the members who were auto-assigned to us and will not have additional members auto-assigned to us. in general, our bids are based upon certain assumptions regarding enrollment, utilization, medical costs and other factors. if any of these assumptions is materially incorrect, either as a result of unforeseen changes to the programs on which we bid, implementation of material program or policy changes after our bid submission, or submission by our competitors at lower rates than our bids, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
many of the government health care coverage programs in which we participate are subject to the prior satisfaction of certain conditions or performance standards or benchmarks. for example, as part of the aca, cms has a system that provides various quality bonus payments to medicare advantage plans that meet certain quality star ratings at the individual plan or local contract level. the star rating system considers various measures adopted by cms, including, among others, quality of care, preventive services, chronic illness management and customer satisfaction. plans must have a rating of four stars or higher to qualify for bonus payments. if we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, our plans may not be eligible for quality bonuses and we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits that our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect the marketability of our plans, our membership levels, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. any changes in standards or care delivery models that apply to government health care programs, including medicare and medicaid, or our inability to improve our quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
cms uses various payment mechanisms to allocate funding for medicare programs, including adjustment of monthly capitation payments to medicare advantage plans and medicare part d plans according to the predicted health status of each beneficiary as supported by data from health care providers for medicare advantage plans, as well as, for medicare part d plans, risk-sharing provisions based on a comparison of costs predicted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs. some state medicaid programs utilize a similar process. for example, our unitedhealthcare medicare & retirement and unitedhealthcare community & state businesses submit information relating to the health status of enrollees to cms or state agencies for purposes of determining the amount of certain payments to us. cms and the office of inspector general for hhs periodically perform risk adjustment data validation (radv) audits of selected medicare health plans to validate the coding practices of and supporting documentation maintained by health care providers. certain of our local plans have been selected for such audits, which have in the past resulted and could in the future result in retrospective adjustments to payments made to our health plans, fines, corrective action plans or other adverse action by cms.
we have been and may in the future become involved in routine, regular and special governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments. such investigations, audits, reviews or assessments sometimes arise out of, or prompt claims by private litigants or whistleblowers that, among other allegations, we failed to disclose certain business practices or, as a government contractor, submitted false or erroneous claims to the government. governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments could lead to government actions, which could result in adverse publicity, the assessment of damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way we conduct business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
our business is highly dependent on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. the volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. in addition, connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards and changing customer preferences. if the data we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience failures in our health, wellness and information technology products; lose existing customers; have difficulty attracting new customers; experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals; become subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties; incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences.
we periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms and integration of new business acquisitions. our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems' capabilities, enhancing our systems and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
certain of our businesses sell and install software products that may contain unexpected design defects or may encounter unexpected complications during installation or when used with other technologies utilized by the customer. a failure of our technology products to operate as intended and in a seamless fashion with other products could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
uncertain and rapidly evolving u.s. federal and state, non-u.s. and international laws and regulations related to health data and the health information technology market may alter the competitive landscape or present compliance challenges and could materially and adversely affect the configuration of our information systems and platforms, and our ability to compete in this market.
if we sustain cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the unintended dissemination of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences.
we routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. some of the data we process, store and transmit may be outside of the united states due to our information technology systems and international business operations. we are regularly the target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats and may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use. we have programs in place that are intended to detect, contain and respond to data security incidents and that provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our security controls and access, misappropriate or otherwise compromise protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions or cause system shutdowns that could negatively affect our operations. they also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. our facilities and services may also be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks; acts of vandalism or theft; coordinated attacks by activist entities; misplaced or lost data; human error; malicious social engineering; or other events that could negatively affect our systems, our customers' data, proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties, or our operations. in certain circumstances we may rely on third party vendors to process, store and transmit large amounts of data for our business whose operations are subject to similar risks.
the costs to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be material. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. in addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information, proprietary information or confidential information about us or our customers or other third-parties, could expose our customers' private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability, including regulatory penalties, for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize protected personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of protected personal information is regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are imposed on us by contracts with customers. these laws, rules and requirements are subject to change. compliance with new privacy and security laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations.
internationally, many of the jurisdictions in which we operate have established their own data security and privacy legal framework with which we or our customers must comply. we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the european union, brazil, chile, india and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impacts such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our businesses or the businesses of our customers. for example, effective may 2018, the european union's general data protection regulation (gdpr) overhauled data protection laws in the european union. the new regulation superseded prior european union privacy and data protection legislation, imposed more stringent european union data protection requirements on us or our customers, and prescribed greater penalties for noncompliance. brazilian privacy legislation, similar in certain respects to gdpr, goes into effect in 2020.
many of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data.
hipaa requires business associates as well as covered entities to comply with certain privacy and security requirements. while we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts with our third-party service providers and in certain cases assess their security controls, we have limited oversight or control over their actions and practices. several of our businesses act as business associates to their covered entity customers and, as a result, collect, use, disclose and maintain protected personal information in order to provide services to these customers. hhs administers its audit program to assess hipaa compliance efforts by covered entities and business associates. an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
through our optum businesses, including our optum labs business, we maintain a database of administrative and clinical data that is statistically de-identified in accordance with hipaa standards. noncompliance or findings of noncompliance with applicable laws, regulations or requirements, or the occurrence of any privacy or security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of protected personal information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business and, among other consequences, could subject us to mandatory disclosure to the media, loss of existing or new customers, significant increases in the cost of managing and remediating privacy or security incidents and material fines, penalties and litigation awards. any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our businesses providing pharmacy care services face regulatory and operational risks and uncertainties that may differ from the risks of our other businesses.
we provide pharmacy care services through our optumrx and unitedhealthcare businesses. each business is subject to federal and state anti-kickback, beneficiary inducement and other laws that govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. in addition, federal and state legislatures regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially affect current industry practices, including potential new legislation and regulations regarding the receipt or disclosure of rebates and other fees from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies and other utilization management tools, the use of average wholesale prices or other pricing benchmarks, pricing for specialty pharmaceuticals, limited access to networks and pharmacy network reimbursement methodologies. additionally, various governmental agencies have conducted investigations into certain pbm practices, which have resulted in other pbms agreeing to civil penalties, including the payment of money and entry into corporate integrity agreements. as a provider of pharmacy benefit management services, optumrx is also subject to an increasing number of licensure, registration and other laws and accreditation standards that impact the business practices of a pharmacy benefit manager. optumrx also conducts business through home delivery, specialty and compounding pharmacies, pharmacies located in community mental health centers and home infusion, which subjects it to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those of the dea and individual state controlled substance authorities, the food and drug administration (fda) and boards of pharmacy.
we could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our home delivery, specialty or compounding or clinic-based pharmacies or the provision of home infusion services, including as a result of the risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products. disruptions from any of our home delivery, specialty pharmacy or home infusion services could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, our pharmacy care services businesses provide services to sponsors of health benefit plans that are subject to erisa. a private party or the dol, which is the agency that enforces erisa, could assert that the fiduciary obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or all of the services provided by our pharmacy care services businesses even where those businesses are not contractually obligated to assume fiduciary obligations. if a court were to determine that fiduciary obligations apply, we could be subject to claims for breaches of fiduciary obligations or claims that we entered into certain prohibited transactions.
if we fail to compete effectively to maintain or increase our market share, including maintaining or increasing enrollments in businesses providing health benefits, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our businesses compete throughout the united states, south america and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. in particular markets, our competitors, compared to us, may have greater capabilities, resources or market share; a more established reputation; superior supplier or health care professional arrangements; better existing business relationships; lower profit margin or financial return expectations; or other factors that give such competitors a competitive advantage. our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity that has occurred in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers (including hospitals, physician groups and other health care professionals). consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability.
in addition, our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. if we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful and relevant to consumers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. for example, new direct-to-consumer business models from competing businesses may make it more difficult for us to directly engage consumers in the selection and management of their health care benefits and health care usage, and we may face challenges from new technologies and market entrants that could affect our existing relationship with health plan enrollees in these areas. our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets, if we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if we are unable to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate value to our customers, if we do not provide a satisfactory level of services, if membership or demand for other services does not increase as we expect or declines, or if we lose accounts with more profitable products while retaining or increasing membership in accounts with less profitable products.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals and other service providers, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
our results of operations and prospects are substantially dependent on our continued ability to contract with physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and other service providers at competitive prices. any failure by us to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers, whether in-network or out-of-network, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, certain activities related to network design, provider participation in networks and provider payments could result in disputes that may be costly, divert management's attention from our operations and result in negative publicity.
in any particular market, physicians and health care providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs, less desirable products for customers or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some markets, certain health care providers, particularly hospitals, physician and hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, acos; practice management companies (which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency); and other organizational structures adopted by physicians, hospitals and other care providers may change the way in which these providers do business with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our business, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
our health care benefits businesses have capitation arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. capitation arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. to the extent that a capitated health care provider organization faces financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to perform its obligations under the capitation arrangement, we may be held responsible for unpaid health care claims that should have been the responsibility of the capitated health care provider and for which we have already paid the provider. further, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts could result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. health care providers with which we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
some providers that render services to our members do not have contracts with us. in those cases, we do not have a pre-established understanding about the amount of compensation that is due to the provider for services rendered to our members.
in some states, the amount of compensation due to these out-of-network providers is defined by law or regulation, but in most instances the amount is either not defined or is established by a standard that does not clearly specify dollar terms. in some instances, providers may believe that they are underpaid for their services and may either litigate or arbitrate their dispute with us or try to recover from our members the difference between what we have paid them and the amount they charged us.
the success of some of our businesses, including optumhealth and unitedhealthcare global, depend on maintaining satisfactory relationships with physicians as our employees, independent contractors or joint venture partners. the physicians that practice medicine or contract with our affiliated physician organizations could terminate their provider contracts or otherwise become unable or unwilling to continue practicing medicine or contracting with us. we face and will likely continue to face heightened competition in the markets where we operate to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. if we are unable to maintain or grow satisfactory relationships with physicians, or to acquire, recruit or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following the departure of a physician, our revenues could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, our affiliated physician organizations contract with competitors of unitedhealthcare. our businesses could suffer if our affiliated physician organizations fail to maintain relationships with these companies, or fail to adequately price their contracts with these third-party payers.
in addition, physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and certain health care providers are customers of our optum businesses. physicians also provide medical services at facilities owned by our optum businesses. given the importance of health care providers and other constituents to our businesses, failure to maintain satisfactory relationships with them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are routinely subject to various legal actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are routinely made party to a variety of legal actions related to, among other matters, the design, management and delivery of our product and service offerings. these matters have included or could in the future include matters related to health care benefits coverage and payment claims (including disputes with enrollees, customers and contracted and non-contracted physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals), tort claims (including claims related to the delivery of health care services, such as medical malpractice by staff at our affiliates' facilities, or by health care practitioners who are employed by us, have contractual relationships with us, or serve as providers to our managed care networks), whistleblower claims (including claims under the false claims act or similar statutes), contract and labor disputes, tax claims and claims related to disclosure of certain business practices. we may also be party to certain class action lawsuits brought by health care professional groups and consumers. in addition, we operate in jurisdictions outside of the united states where contractual rights, tax positions and applicable regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the united states, and therefore subject to dispute by customers, government authorities or others. we are largely self-insured with regard to litigation risks. while we maintain excess liability insurance with outside insurance carriers for claims in excess of our self-insurance, certain types of damages, such as punitive damages in some circumstances, are not covered by insurance. although we record liabilities for our estimates of the probable costs resulting from self-insured matters, it is possible that the level of actual losses will significantly exceed the liabilities recorded.
we cannot predict the outcome of significant legal actions in which we are involved and are incurring expenses in resolving these matters. the legal actions we face or may face in the future could further increase our cost of doing business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, certain legal actions could result in adverse publicity, which could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our ability to retain our current business or grow our market share in some markets and businesses.
any failure by us to manage successfully our strategic alliances or complete, manage or integrate acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions or relationships domestically or outside the united states could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
as part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions. for example, we have a strategic alliance with aarp under which we provide aarp-branded medicare supplement insurance to aarp members and other aarp-branded products and services to medicare beneficiaries. if we fail to meet the needs of our alliance or joint venture partners, including by developing additional products and services, providing high levels of service, pricing our products and services competitively or responding effectively to applicable federal and state regulatory changes, our alliances and joint ventures could be damaged or terminated, which in turn could adversely impact our reputation, business and results of operations. further, if we fail to identify and successfully complete transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or we may be adversely affected by negative market perceptions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
success in completing acquisitions is also dependent on efficiently integrating the acquired business into our existing operations, including our internal control environment, or otherwise leveraging its operations, which may present challenges that are different from those presented by organic growth and that may be difficult for us to manage. if we cannot successfully integrate these acquisitions and realize contemplated revenue growth opportunities and cost savings, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as we expand and operate our business outside of the united states, we are presented with challenges that differ from those presented by acquisitions of domestic businesses, including challenges in adapting to new markets, languages, business, labor and cultural practices and regulatory environments. adapting to these challenges could require us to devote significant senior management attention and other resources to the acquired businesses before we realize anticipated synergies or other benefits from the acquired businesses. these challenges vary widely by country and, outside of the united states, may include political instability, government intervention, discriminatory regulation and currency exchange controls or other restrictions that could prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which our acquired businesses operate, or converting local currencies that we hold into u.s. dollars or other currencies. if we are unable to manage successfully our non-u.s. acquisitions, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position could be materially and adversely affected.
foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our shareholders' equity from period to period, which could adversely affect our debt to debt-plus-equity ratio, and our future revenues, costs and cash flows from international operations. any measures we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile currencies may be costly or ineffective.
our sales performance will suffer if we do not adequately attract, retain and provide support to a network of independent producers and consultants.
our products and services are sold in part through nonexclusive producers and consultants for whose services and allegiance we must compete. our sales would be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain and support such independent producers and consultants or if our sales strategy is not appropriately aligned across distribution channels. our relationships with producers could be materially and adversely impacted by changes in our business practices and the nature of our relationships to address these pressures, including potential reductions in commission levels.
a number of investigations have been conducted regarding the marketing practices of producers selling health care products and the payments they receive and have resulted in enforcement actions against companies in our industry and producers marketing and selling those companies' products. if we were subjected to similar investigations and enforcement actions, such actions could result in penalties and the imposition of corrective action plans, which could materially and adversely impact our ability to market our products.
unfavorable economic conditions could materially and adversely affect our revenues and our results of operations.
unfavorable economic conditions may impact demand for certain of our products and services. for example, high unemployment can cause lower enrollment or lower rates of renewal in our employer group plans. unfavorable economic conditions also have caused and could continue to cause employers to stop offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs. in addition, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact our ability to increase premiums or result in the cancellation by certain customers of our products and services. these conditions could lead to a decrease in our membership levels and premium and fee revenues and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
during a prolonged unfavorable economic environment, state and federal budgets could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in reduced reimbursements or payments in our federal and state government health care coverage programs, including medicare, medicaid and chip. a reduction in state medicaid reimbursement rates could be implemented retrospectively to apply to payments already negotiated or received from the government and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, state and federal budgetary pressures could cause the affected governments to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments for our commercial programs, such as premium taxes on health insurance and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. any of these developments or actions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
a prolonged unfavorable economic environment also could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other care providers, which could materially and adversely affect our contracted rates with these parties and increase our medical costs or materially and adversely affect their ability to purchase our service offerings. further, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact the customers of our optum businesses, including health plans, hospitals, care providers, employers and others, which could, in turn, materially and adversely affect optum's financial results.
our investment portfolio may suffer losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
market fluctuations could impair our profitability and capital position. volatility in interest rates affects our interest income and the market value of our investments in debt securities of varying maturities, which constitute the vast majority of the fair value of our investments as of december 31, 2019. relatively low interest rates on investments, such as those experienced during recent years, have adversely impacted our investment income. in addition, a delay in payment of principal or interest by issuers, or defaults by issuers (primarily issuers of our investments in corporate and municipal bonds), could reduce our investment income and require us to write down the value of our investments, which could adversely affect our profitability and equity.
there can be no assurance that our investments will produce total positive returns or that we will not sell investments at prices that are less than their carrying values. changes in the value of our investment assets, as a result of interest rate fluctuations, changes in issuer financial conditions, illiquidity or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our equity. in addition, if it became necessary for us to liquidate our investment portfolio on an accelerated basis, such an action could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the capital position of our regulated subsidiaries.
if the value of our intangible assets is materially impaired, our results of operations, equity and credit ratings could be materially and adversely affected.
as of december 31, 2019, our goodwill and other intangible assets had a carrying value of $76 billion, representing 44% of our total consolidated assets. we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. the value of our goodwill may be materially and adversely impacted if businesses that we acquire perform in a manner that is inconsistent with our assumptions. in addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. a material decrease in equity could, in turn, adversely affect our credit ratings and potentially impact our compliance with the financial covenants in our bank credit facilities.
if we are not able to protect our proprietary rights to our databases, software and related products, our ability to market our knowledge and information-related businesses could be hindered and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we rely on our agreements with customers, confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, and our trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and patents to protect our proprietary rights. these legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. in addition, substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in the software industry, and we expect software products to be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in this industry segment grows. such litigation and misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
restrictions on our ability to obtain funds from our regulated subsidiaries could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
because we operate as a holding company, we are dependent on dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations. many of these subsidiaries are regulated by departments of insurance or similar regulatory authorities. we are also required by law or regulation to maintain specific prescribed minimum amounts of capital in these subsidiaries. the levels of capitalization required depend primarily on the volume of premium revenues generated by the applicable subsidiary. in most states, we are required to seek approval by state regulatory authorities before we transfer money or pay dividends from our regulated subsidiaries that exceed specified amounts. an inability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends to their parent companies in the desired amounts or at the time of our choosing could adversely affect our ability to reinvest in our business through capital expenditures or business acquisitions, as well as our ability to maintain our corporate quarterly dividend payment, repurchase shares of our common stock and repay our debt. if we are unable to obtain sufficient funds from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
any downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
claims paying ability, financial strength and debt ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used by customers and creditors. we believe our claims paying ability and financial strength ratings are important factors in marketing our products to certain of our customers. our credit ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings. each of the credit rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically. our ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders. there can be no assurance that our current credit ratings will be maintained in the future. any downgrades in our credit ratings could materially increase our costs of or ability to access funds in the debt capital markets and otherwise materially increase our operating costs.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements thereto included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." readers are cautioned that the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this report, including discussions regarding financial prospects, economic conditions, trends and uncertainties contained in this item 7, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the pslra. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. a description of some of the risks and uncertainties can be found further below in this item 7 and in part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
discussions of year-over-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of the company's form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018.
executive overview general unitedhealth group is a diversified health care company dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and helping make the health system work better for everyone. through our diversified businesses, we leverage core competencies in data analytics and health information; advanced technology; and clinical expertise. these core competencies are deployed within two distinct, but strategically aligned, business platforms: health benefits operating under unitedhealthcare and health services operating under optum.
we have four reportable segments across our two business platforms, unitedhealthcare and optum:
•   unitedhealthcare, which includes unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual, unitedhealthcare medicare &amp; retirement, unitedhealthcare community &amp; state and unitedhealthcare global;
•   optumhealth;
•   optuminsight; and
•   optumrx.
further information on our business and reportable segments is presented in part i, item 1, "business" and in note 14 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
business trends our businesses participate in the united states, south america and certain other international health markets. in the united states, health care spending has grown consistently for many years and comprises 18% of gross domestic product (gdp). we expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. the rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, which could impact our results of operations, including our continued efforts to control health care costs.
pricing trends. to price our health care benefit products, we start with our view of expected future costs. we frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory considerations, including minimum mlr thresholds. we will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions.
the commercial risk market remains highly competitive in both the small group and large group segments. we expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs. the aca, which includes three distinct taxes (aca tax), has an annual, nondeductible insurance industry tax (health insurance industry tax) to be levied proportionally across the insurance industry for risk-based health insurance products. a provision in the 2018 federal budget imposed a one year moratorium for 2019 on the collection of the health insurance industry tax. pricing for contracts that cover some portion of calendar year 2020 reflect the return of the health insurance industry tax. the aca tax was permanently repealed by congress, effective january 1, 2021.
medicare advantage funding continues to be pressured, as discussed below in "regulatory trends and uncertainties."
we expect medicaid revenue growth due to anticipated changes in mix and increases in the number of people we serve; we also believe that the payment rate environment creates the risk of continued downward pressure on medicaid margin percentages. we continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. we continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs.
medical cost trends. our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization and prescription drug costs. we endeavor to mitigate those increases by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care.
delivery system and payment modernization. the health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. we continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. we work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients.
we are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. as of december 31, 2019, we served over 17 million people through some form of aligned contractual arrangement, including full-risk, shared-risk and bundled episode-of-care and performance incentive payment approaches. as of december 31, 2019, our contracts with value-based elements totaled $79 billion in annual spending, including $20 billion through risk-transfer agreements.
this trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our optum business platform.
regulatory trends and uncertainties following is a summary of management's view of the trends and uncertainties related to some of the key provisions of the aca and other regulatory matters. for additional information regarding the aca and regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - government regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
medicare advantage rates. final 2020 medicare advantage rates resulted in an increase in industry base rates of approximately 2.5%, short of the industry forward medical cost trend. this combined with the return of the health insurance industry tax creates continued pressure in the medicare advantage program.
the ongoing medicare advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. there are a number of adjustments we have made to partially offset these rate pressures and reductions. in some years, these adjustments impact the majority of the seniors we serve through medicare advantage. for example, we seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits and implement or increase the member premiums that supplement the monthly payments we receive from the government. additionally, we decide annually on a county-by-county basis where we will offer medicare advantage plans.
our medicare advantage rates are currently enhanced by cms quality bonuses in certain counties based on our local plans' star ratings. the level of star ratings from cms, based upon specified clinical and operational performance standards, will impact future quality bonuses.
aca tax. a provision in the 2019 federal budget imposed a one year moratorium for 2019 on the collection of the health insurance industry tax. in 2020, the industry-wide amount of the health insurance industry tax, which is primarily borne by customers, will be $15.5 billion and we expect our portion to be approximately $3.0 billion. the aca tax was repealed by congress, effective january 1, 2021.
selected operating performance items the following represents a summary of select 2019 year-over-year operating comparisons to 2018.
•   consolidated revenues increased by 7%, unitedhealthcare revenues increased 6% and optum revenues grew 12%.
•   unitedhealthcare served 575,000 additional people domestically as a result of growth in commercial business and services to seniors, partially offset by the proactive withdrawal from the iowa medicaid market.
•   earnings from operations increased by 13%, including increases of 13% at unitedhealthcare and 14% at optum.
•   diluted earnings per common share increased 18% to $14.33.
•   cash flows from operations were $18.5 billion, an increase of 18%.
results summary the following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations and other financial information:
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)                                                                    for the years ended december 31,                              change
2019                                                                                                                   2018                    2017                        2019 vs. 2018
revenues:
premiums                                                                                   $189,699                $178,087                $158,453               $11,612              7   %
products                                                                                     31,597                  29,601                  26,366                 1,996              7
services                                                                                     18,973                  17,183                  15,317                 1,790             10
investment and other income                                                                   1,886                   1,376                   1,023                   510             37
total revenues                                                                              242,155                 226,247                 201,159                15,908
operating costs:
medical costs                                                                               156,440                 145,403                 130,036                11,037
operating costs                                                                              35,193                  34,074                  29,557                 1,119
cost of products sold                                                                        28,117                  26,998                  24,112                 1,119
depreciation and amortization                                                                 2,720                   2,428                   2,245                   292             12
total operating costs                                                                       222,470                 208,903                 185,950                13,567              6
earnings from operations                                                                     19,685                  17,344                  15,209                 2,341             13
interest expense                                                                             (1,704    )             (1,400    )             (1,186    )             (304    )        22
earnings before income taxes                                                                 17,981                  15,944                  14,023                 2,037             13
provision for income taxes                                                                   (3,742    )             (3,562    )             (3,200    )             (180    )         5
net earnings                                                                                 14,239                  12,382                  10,823                 1,857             15
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                                              (400    )               (396    )               (265    )               (4    )         1
net earnings attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders                         $13,839                 $11,986                 $10,558                $1,853             15   %
diluted earnings per share attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders            $14.33                  $12.19                  $10.72                 $2.14             18   %
medical care ratio (a)                                                                         82.5    %               81.6    %               82.1    %              0.9    %
operating cost ratio                                                                           14.5                    15.1                    14.7                  (0.6    )
operating margin                                                                                8.1                     7.7                     7.6                   0.4
tax rate                                                                                       20.8                    22.3                    22.8                  (1.5    )
net earnings margin (b)                                                                         5.7                     5.3                     5.2                   0.4
return on equity (c)                                                                           25.7    %               24.4    %               24.4    %              1.3    %
(a)   medical care ratio is calculated as medical costs divided by premium revenue.
(b)   net earnings margin attributable to unitedhealth group shareholders.
(c)   return on equity is calculated as net earnings attributable to unitedhealth group common shareholders divided by average shareholders' equity. average shareholders' equity is calculated using the shareholders' equity balance at the end of the preceding year and the shareholders' equity balances at the end of each of the four quarters of the year presented.
2019 results of operations compared to 2018 results consolidated financial results revenue the increase in revenue was primarily driven by the increase in the number of individuals served through medicare advantage; pricing trends; and organic and acquisition growth across the optum business, primarily due to expansion in pharmacy care services and care delivery, partially offset by the moratorium of the health insurance industry tax in 2019.
medical costs and mcr medical costs increased due to growth in people served through medicare advantage and medical cost trends, partially offset by increased prior year favorable medical development. the mcr increased due to the revenue effects of the health insurance industry tax moratorium.
27
reportable segments see note 14 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for more information on our segments. the following table presents a summary of the reportable segment financial information:
for the years ended december 31,                              change
(in millions, except percentages)                       2019                    2018                    2017                       2019 vs. 2018
revenues unitedhealthcare                               $193,842                $183,476                $163,257              $10,366              6    %
optumhealth                                      30,317                  24,145                  20,570                6,172             26
optuminsight                                     10,006                   9,008                   8,087                  998             11
optumrx                                          74,288                  69,536                  63,755                4,752              7
optum eliminations                               (1,661    )             (1,409    )             (1,227    )            (252    )        18
optum                                           112,950                 101,280                  91,185               11,670             12
eliminations                                    (64,637    )            (58,509    )            (53,283    )          (6,128    )        10
consolidated revenues                          $242,155                $226,247                $201,159              $15,908              7    %
earnings from operations unitedhealthcare                                $10,326                  $9,113                  $8,498               $1,213             13    %
optumhealth                                       2,963                   2,430                   1,823                  533             22
optuminsight                                      2,494                   2,243                   1,770                  251             11
optumrx                                           3,902                   3,558                   3,118                  344             10
optum                                             9,359                   8,231                   6,711                1,128             14
consolidated earnings from operations           $19,685                 $17,344                 $15,209               $2,341             13    %
operating margin unitedhealthcare                                    5.3    %                5.0    %                5.2    %             0.3    %
optumhealth                                         9.8                    10.1                     8.9                 (0.3    )
optuminsight                                       24.9                    24.9                    21.9                    -
optumrx                                             5.3                     5.1                     4.9                  0.2
optum                                               8.3                     8.1                     7.4                  0.2
consolidated operating margin                       8.1    %                7.7    %                7.6    %             0.4    %
unitedhealthcare the following table summarizes unitedhealthcare revenues by business:
for the years ended december 31,                              change
(in millions, except percentages)            2019                   2018                    2017                                        2019 vs. 2018
unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual           $56,945                 $54,761                 $52,066               $2,184              4    %
unitedhealthcare medicare &amp; retirement            83,252                  75,473                  65,995                7,779             10
unitedhealthcare community &amp; state                43,790                  43,426                  37,443                  364              1
unitedhealthcare global                                9,855                   9,816                   7,753                   39              -
total unitedhealthcare revenues                     $193,842                $183,476                $163,257              $10,366              6    %
28
the following table summarizes the number of individuals served by our unitedhealthcare businesses, by major market segment and funding arrangement:
december 31,                         change
(in thousands, except percentages)          2019             2018             2017                            2019 vs. 2018
commercial:
risk-based                                       8,575            8,495            8,420             80              1   %
fee-based                                       19,185           18,420           18,595            765              4
fee-based tricare                                    -                -            2,850              -              -
total commercial                                27,760           26,915           29,865            845              3
medicare advantage                               5,270            4,945            4,430            325              7
medicaid                                         5,900            6,450            6,705           (550   )         (9   )
medicare supplement (standardized)               4,500            4,545            4,445            (45   )         (1   )
total public and senior                         15,670           15,940           15,580           (270   )         (2   )
total unitedhealthcare - domestic medical       43,430           42,855           45,445            575              1
international                                    5,720            6,220            4,080           (500   )         (8   )
total unitedhealthcare - medical                49,150           49,075           49,525             75              -   %
supplemental data:
medicare part d stand-alone                      4,405            4,710            4,940           (305   )         (6   )%
fee-based commercial group business increased primarily due to an acquisition. medicare advantage increased due to the growth in people served through individual and employer-sponsored group medicare advantage plans. the decrease in people served through medicaid was primarily driven by the proactive withdrawal from the iowa market as well as by states adding new carriers to existing programs and managing eligibility, partially offset by increases in dual special needs plans. the decrease in people served internationally is a result of our continued affordability efforts and underwriting discipline.
unitedhealthcare's revenue and earnings from operations increased due to growth in the number of individuals served through commercial and medicare advantage, including a greater mix of people with a higher acuity needs. revenue increases were partially offset by the moratorium on the health insurance industry tax in 2019. earnings from operations were also favorably impacted by operating cost management.
optum total revenues and earnings from operations increased as each segment reported increased revenues and earnings from operations as a result of the factors discussed below. earnings from operations also increased due to productivity and overall cost management initiatives.
the results by segment were as follows:
optumhealth revenue increased at optumhealth primarily due to organic growth and acquisitions in care delivery, increased care services and organic growth in behavioral health services. earnings from operations increased primarily due to care delivery. optumhealth served approximately 96 million and 93 million people as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
optuminsight revenue and earnings from operations at optuminsight increased primarily due to organic and acquisition growth in managed services.
optumrx revenue at optumrx increased primarily due to organic growth and acquisitions in specialty pharmacy, partially offset by an expected large client transition. earnings from operations increased primarily due to the factors that increased revenue as well as improved supply chain management. optumrx fulfilled 1,340 million and 1,343 million adjusted scripts in 2019 and 2018, respectively, with 2019 impacted by the large client transition.
29
liquidity, financial condition and capital resources liquidity introduction we manage our liquidity and financial position in the context of our overall business strategy. we continually forecast and manage our cash, investments, working capital balances and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. cash flows generated from operating activities are principally from earnings before noncash expenses.
our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to, among other things, minimal levels of statutory capital, as defined by their respective jurisdiction, and restrictions on the timing and amount of dividends paid to their parent companies.
our u.s. regulated subsidiaries paid their parent companies dividends of $5.6 billion and $3.7 billion in 2019 and 2018, respectively. see note 10 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further detail concerning our regulated subsidiary dividends.
our nonregulated businesses also generate significant cash flows from operations that are available for general corporate use. cash flows generated by these entities, combined with dividends from our regulated entities and financing through the issuance of long-term debt as well as issuance of commercial paper or the ability to draw under our committed credit facilities, further strengthen our operating and financial flexibility. we use these cash flows to expand our businesses through acquisitions, reinvest in our businesses through capital expenditures, repay debt and return capital to our shareholders through dividends and repurchases of our common stock.
summary of our major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31,                   change
(in millions)                                                                       2019                  2018                  2017            2019 vs. 2018
sources of cash:
cash provided by operating activities                                       $18,463               $15,713               $13,596                 $2,750
issuances of long-term debt and commercial paper, net of repayments           3,994                 4,134                     -                   (140      )
proceeds from common share issuances                                          1,037                   838                   688                    199
customer funds administered                                                      13                     -                 3,172                     13
other                                                                           219                     -                     -                    219
total sources of cash                                                        23,726                20,685                17,456
uses of cash:
cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash assumed                              (8,343    )           (5,997    )           (2,131    )            (2,346      )
cash dividends paid                                                          (3,932    )           (3,320    )           (2,773    )              (612      )
common share repurchases                                                     (5,500    )           (4,500    )           (1,500    )            (1,000      )
repayments of long-term debt and commercial paper, net of issuances               -                     -                (2,615    )                 -
purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software                    (2,071    )           (2,063    )           (2,023    )                (8      )
purchases of investments, net of sales and maturities                        (2,504    )           (4,099    )           (4,319    )             1,595
other                                                                        (1,237    )           (1,743    )             (539    )               506
total uses of cash                                                          (23,587    )          (21,722    )          (15,900    )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                    (20    )              (78    )               (5    )                58
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           $119               $(1,115    )           $1,551                 $1,234
2019 cash flows compared to 2018 cash flows increased cash flows provided by operating activities were primarily driven by higher net earnings as well as changes in working capital accounts. other significant changes in sources or uses of cash year-over-year included an increase in cash paid for acquisitions, increased share repurchases and decreased net purchases of investments.
financial condition as of december 31, 2019, our cash, cash equivalent, available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities balances of $49.1 billion included $11.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents (of which $584 million was available for general corporate use), $36.1 billion of debt securities and $2.0 billion of investments in equity securities. given the significant portion of our portfolio held in cash equivalents, we do not anticipate fluctuations in the aggregate fair value of our financial assets to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital position. other sources of liquidity, primarily from operating cash flows and our commercial paper program, which is supported by our bank credit facilities, reduce the need to sell investments during adverse market conditions. see note 4 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further detail concerning our fair value measurements.
our available-for-sale debt portfolio had a weighted-average duration of 3.4 years and a weighted-average credit rating of "double a" as of december 31, 2019. when multiple credit ratings are available for an individual security, the average of the available ratings is used to determine the weighted-average credit rating.
capital resources and uses of liquidity in addition to cash flows from operations and cash and cash equivalent balances available for general corporate use, our capital resources and uses of liquidity are as follows:
commercial paper and bank credit facilities. our revolving bank credit facilities provide liquidity support for our commercial paper borrowing program, which facilitates the private placement of senior unsecured debt through independent broker-dealers, and are available for general corporate purposes. for more information on our commercial paper and bank credit facilities, see note 8 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
our revolving bank credit facilities contain various covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt to debt-plus-shareholders' equity ratio of not more than 60%, subject to increase in certain circumstances set forth in the applicable credit agreement. as of december 31, 2019, our debt to debt-plus-shareholders' equity ratio, as defined and calculated under the credit facilities, was 39%.
long-term debt. periodically, we access capital markets to issue long-term debt for general corporate purposes, such as, to meet our working capital requirements, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. for more information on our debt, see note 8 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data."
credit ratings. our credit ratings as of december 31, 2019 were as follows:
moody's                  s&amp;p global             fitch                   a.m. best ratings        outlook   ratings          outlook   ratings       outlook   ratings         outlook senior unsecured debt   a3             stable    a+               stable    a-            stable    a-              positive commercial paper        p-2            n/a       a-1              n/a       f1            n/a       amb-1           n/a the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants and other contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and economic and market conditions. a significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital.
share repurchase program. as of december 31, 2019, we had board authorization to purchase up to 72 million shares of our common stock. for more information on our share repurchase program, see note 10 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
dividends. in june 2019, the company's board of directors increased the company's quarterly cash dividend to shareholders to an annual rate of $4.32 compared to $3.60 per share. for more information on our dividend, see note 10 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
contractual obligations and commitments the following table summarizes future obligations due by period as of december 31, 2019, under our various contractual obligations and commitments:
(in millions)                                          2020             2021 to 2022             2023 to 2024            thereafter           total debt (a)                                         $5,532                $9,118                   $6,122                $44,302           $65,074
operating leases                                    804                 1,327                      901                  1,671             4,703
purchase and other obligations (b)                1,617                 2,483                      768                    248             5,116
other liabilities (c)                               914                   344                      285                  7,767             9,310
redeemable noncontrolling interests (d)             852                   542                        -                    332             1,726
total contractual obligations                    $9,719               $13,814                   $8,076                $54,320           $85,929
(a)   includes interest coupon payments and maturities at par or put values. the table also assumes amounts are outstanding through their contractual term. see note 8 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for more detail.
(b)   includes fixed or minimum commitments under existing purchase obligations for goods and services, including agreements that are cancelable with the payment of an early termination penalty and remaining capital commitments for venture capital funds and other funding commitments. excludes agreements that are cancelable without penalty and excludes liabilities to the extent recorded in our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2019.
(c)   includes obligations associated with contingent consideration and payments related to business acquisitions, certain employee benefit programs, amounts accrued for guaranty fund assessments, unrecognized tax benefits, and various long-term liabilities. due to uncertainty regarding payment timing, obligations for employee benefit programs, charitable contributions, future settlements, unrecognized tax benefits and other liabilities have been classified as "thereafter."
(d)   includes commitments for redeemable shares of our subsidiaries. when the timing of the redemption is indeterminable, the commitment has been classified as "thereafter."
we do not have other significant contractual obligations or commitments that require cash resources. however, we continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs and technology applications and may include acquisitions.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019, we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements, which have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
recently issued accounting standards see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 "financial statements and supplementary data" for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements that affect us.
critical accounting estimates critical accounting estimates are those estimates that require management to make challenging, subjective or complex judgments, often because they must estimate the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. critical accounting estimates involve judgments and uncertainties that are sufficiently sensitive and may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions.
medical costs payable medical costs and medical costs payable include estimates of our obligations for medical care services that have been rendered on behalf of insured consumers, but for which claims have either not yet been received or processed. depending on the health care professional and type of service, the typical billing lag for services can be up to 90 days from the date of service. approximately 90% of claims related to medical care services are known and settled within 90 days from the date of service and substantially all within twelve months. as of december 31, 2019, our days outstanding in medical payables was 51 days, calculated as total medical payables divided by total medical costs times the number of days in the period.
in each reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical costs payable estimates associated with previously reported periods. if the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is less than the previous estimate, we will decrease reported medical costs in the current period (favorable development). if the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is more than the previous estimate, we will increase reported medical costs in the current
32
period (unfavorable development). medical costs in 2019, 2018 and 2017 included favorable medical cost development related to prior years of $580 million, $320 million and $690 million, respectively.
in developing our medical costs payable estimates, we apply different estimation methods depending on the month for which incurred claims are being estimated. for example, for the most recent two months, we estimate claim costs incurred by applying observed medical cost trend factors to the average per member per month (pmpm) medical costs incurred in prior months for which more complete claim data is available, supplemented by a review of near-term completion factors.
completion factors. a completion factor is an actuarial estimate, based upon historical experience and analysis of current trends, of the percentage of incurred claims during a given period that have been adjudicated by us at the date of estimation. completion factors are the most significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for periods prior to the most recent two months. completion factors include judgments in relation to claim submissions such as the time from date of service to claim receipt, claim levels and processing cycles, as well as other factors. if actual claims submission rates from providers (which can be influenced by a number of factors, including provider mix and electronic versus manual submissions) or our claim processing patterns are different than estimated, our reserve estimates may be significantly impacted.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for those periods as of december 31, 2019:
completion factors(decrease) increase in factors            increase (decrease)in medical costs payable
(in millions)
(0.75)%                                  $584
(0.50)                                   388
(0.25)                                   194
0.25                                  (193                )
0.50                                  (384                )
0.75                                  (575                )
medical cost per member per month trend factors. medical cost pmpm trend factors are significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent two months. medical cost trend factors are developed through a comprehensive analysis of claims incurred in prior months, provider contracting and expected unit costs, benefit design and a review of a broad set of health care utilization indicators, including but not limited to, pharmacy utilization trends, inpatient hospital authorization data and influenza incidence data from the national centers for disease control. we also consider macroeconomic variables such as gdp growth, employment and disposable income. a large number of factors can cause the medical cost trend to vary from our estimates, including: our ability and practices to manage medical and pharmaceutical costs, changes in level and mix of services utilized, mix of benefits offered, including the impact of co-pays and deductibles, changes in medical practices, catastrophes and epidemics.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent two months as of december 31, 2019:
medical cost pmpm quarterly trendincrease (decrease) in factors            increase (decrease)in medical costs payable
(in millions)
3%                                  $754
2                                   502
1                                   251
(1)                                  (251                )
(2)                                  (502                )
(3)                                  (754                )
the completion factors and medical costs pmpm trend factors analyses above include outcomes that are considered reasonably likely based on our historical experience estimating liabilities for incurred but not reported benefit claims.
management believes the amount of medical costs payable is reasonable and adequate to cover our liability for unpaid claims as of december 31, 2019; however, actual claim payments may differ from established estimates as discussed above. assuming a hypothetical 1% difference between our december 31, 2019 estimates of medical costs payable and actual medical costs payable, excluding aarp medicare supplement insurance and any potential offsetting impact from premium rebates, 2019 net earnings would have increased or decreased by approximately $160 million.
for more detail related to our medical cost estimates, see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
goodwill we evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. when testing goodwill for impairment, we may first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. during a qualitative analysis, we consider the impact of changes, if any, to the following factors: macroeconomic, industry and market factors, cost factors, changes in overall financial performance, and any other relevant events and uncertainties impacting a reporting unit. if our qualitative assessment indicates that goodwill impairment is more likely than not, we perform additional quantitative analyses. we may also elect to skip the qualitative testing and proceed directly to the quantitative testing. for reporting units where a quantitative analysis is performed, we perform a multi-step test measuring the fair values of the reporting units and comparing them to their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. if the fair value is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, then the implied value of goodwill would be calculated and compared to the carrying amount of goodwill to determine whether goodwill is impaired.
we estimate the fair values of our reporting units using discounted cash flows, which include assumptions about a wide variety of internal and external factors. significant assumptions used in the impairment analysis include financial projections of free cash flow (including significant assumptions about operations, capital requirements and income taxes), long-term growth rates for determining terminal value beyond the discretely forecasted periods and discount rates. for each reporting unit, comparative market multiples are used to corroborate the results of our discounted cash flow test.
forecasts and long-term growth rates used for our reporting units are consistent with, and use inputs from, our internal long-term business plan and strategies. key assumptions used in these forecasts include:
•   revenue trends. key revenue drivers for each reporting unit are determined and assessed. significant factors include: customer and/or membership growth, medical trends and the impact and expectations of regulatory environments. additional macro-economic assumptions relating to unemployment, gdp growth, interest rates and inflation are also evaluated and incorporated, as appropriate.
•   medical cost trends. for further discussion of medical cost trends, see the "medical cost trend" section of executive overview-business trends and the "medical costs payable" critical accounting estimate above. similar factors, including historical and expected medical cost trend levels, are considered in estimating our long-term medical trends at the reporting unit level.
•   operating productivity. we forecast expected operating cost levels based on historical levels and expectations of future operating cost levels.
•   capital levels. the operating and long-term capital requirements for each business are considered.
discount rates are determined for each reporting unit and include consideration of the implied risk inherent in their forecasts. our most significant estimate in the discount rate determinations involves our adjustments to the peer company weighted average costs of capital that reflect reporting unit-specific factors. we have not made any adjustments to decrease a discount rate below the calculated peer company weighted average cost of capital for any reporting unit. company-specific adjustments to discount rates are subjective and thus are difficult to measure with certainty. the passage of time and the availability of additional information regarding areas of uncertainty with respect to the reporting units' operations could cause these assumptions to change in the future. as of october 1, 2019, we completed our annual impairment tests for goodwill with all of our reporting units having fair values substantially in excess of their carrying values.
legal matters a description of our legal proceedings is presented in note 12 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
concentrations of credit risk investments in financial instruments such as marketable securities and accounts receivable may subject us to concentrations of credit risk. our investments in marketable securities are managed under an investment policy authorized by our board of directors. this policy limits the amounts that may be invested in any one issuer and generally limits our investments to u.s. government and agency securities, state and municipal securities and corporate debt obligations that are investment grade.
concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of employer groups and other customers that constitute our client base. as of december 31, 2019, there were no significant concentrations of credit risk.
