item 1a. risk factors the following discussion of "risk factors" identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition or future performance. this information should be read in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and result of operations" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. the following discussion of risks is not all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. these factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements.
operational risks cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business.
cyber attacks, including through the use of malware, computer viruses, dedicated denial of services attacks, credential harvesting, social engineering and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to or disrupting the operation of our networks and systems and those of our suppliers, vendors and other service providers, could have an adverse effect on our business. cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees or valuable technical and marketing information, as well as disruptions to our or our customers' operations. cyber attacks against companies, including verizon, have increased in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. they may occur alone or in conjunction with physical attacks, especially where disruption of service is an objective of the attacker. the development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating to address their increasing prevalence and sophistication. while, to date, we have not been subject to cyber attacks that, individually or in the aggregate, have been material to verizon's operations or financial condition, the preventive actions we take to reduce the risks associated with cyber attacks, including protection of our systems and networks, may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a major cyber attack in the future.
the inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors and other service providers as a result of cyber attacks, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses to verizon and/or a loss of market share to other communications providers. the costs associated with a major cyber attack on verizon could include expensive incentives offered to existing customers and business partners to retain their business, increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption and litigation. further, certain of verizon's businesses, such as those offering security solutions and infrastructure and cloud services to business customers, could be negatively affected if our ability to protect our own networks and systems is called into question as a result of a cyber attack. our presence in the iot industry, which includes offerings of telematics products and services, could also increase our exposure to potential costs and expenses and reputational harm in the event of cyber attacks impacting these products or services. in addition, a compromise of security or a theft or other compromise of valuable information, such as financial data and sensitive or private personal information, could result in lawsuits and government claims, investigations or proceedings. any of these occurrences could damage our reputation, adversely impact customer and investor confidence and result in a material adverse effect on verizon's results of operation or financial condition.
natural disasters, terrorist acts or acts of war could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations.
our business operations are subject to interruption by power outages, terrorist attacks, other hostile acts and natural disasters, including an increasing prevalence of wildfires and intensified storm activities. such events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure upon which our business operations rely, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers, as well as significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate to sustain our operations through all such events. we are implementing, and will continue to implement, measures to protect our infrastructure and operations from the impacts of these events in the future, but these measures and our overall disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. these events could also damage the infrastructure of the suppliers that provide us with the equipment and services that we need to operate our business and provide products to our customers. these occurrences could result in lost revenues from business interruption, damage to our reputation and reduced profits.
we depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business.
we depend on various key suppliers and vendors to provide us, directly or through other suppliers, with equipment and services, such as fiber, switch and network equipment, smartphones and other wireless devices that we need in order to operate our business and provide products to our customers. for example, our smartphone and other device suppliers often rely on one vendor for the manufacture and supply of critical components, such as chipsets, used in their devices, and there are a limited number of companies capable of supplying the network infrastructure equipment on which we depend. these suppliers or vendors could fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis, or fail to meet our performance expectations, for a number of reasons, including, for example, disruption to the global supply chain as a result of the coronavirus. if such failures occur, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers, or we may be unable to continue to maintain or upgrade our networks. because of the cost and time lag that can be associated with transitioning from one supplier to another, our business could be substantially disrupted if we were required to, or chose to, replace the products or services of one or more major suppliers with products or services from another source, especially if the replacement became necessary on short notice. any such disruption could increase our costs, decrease our operating efficiencies and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the suppliers and vendors on which we rely may also be subject to litigation with respect to technology on which we depend, including litigation involving claims of patent infringement. such claims are frequently made in the communications industry. we are unable to predict whether our business will be affected by any such litigation. we expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology.
a significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of the renegotiation of our labor contracts.
as of december 31, 2019, approximately 23% of our workforce was represented by labor unions. while we have labor contracts in place with these unions, with subsequent negotiations we could incur additional costs and/or experience work stoppages, which could adversely affect our business operations. in addition, while a small percentage of the workforce of our wireless and other businesses outside of wireline is represented by unions, we cannot predict what level of success unions may have in further organizing this workforce or the potentially negative impact it would have on our operations.
economic and strategic risks we face significant competition that may reduce our profits.
we face significant competition in our industries. the rapid development of new technologies, services and products have eliminated many of the traditional distinctions among wireless, cable, internet and local and long distance communication services and brought new competitors to our markets, including other telephone companies, cable companies, wireless service providers, satellite providers and application and device providers. while these changes have enabled us to offer new types of products and services, they have also allowed other providers to broaden the scope of their own competitive offerings. if we are unable to compete effectively, we could experience lower than expected revenues and earnings. a projected sustained decline in any of our reporting units' revenues and earnings could have a significant impact on its fair value and has caused us in the past, and may cause us in the future, to record goodwill impairment charges. the amount of any impairment charge could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations for the period in which the charge is taken. in addition, wireless service providers are significantly altering the financial relationships with their customers through commercial offers that vary service and device pricing, promotions, incentives and levels of service provided - in some cases specifically targeting our customers. our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, the reach and quality of our sales and distribution channels and our capital resources. it will also depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industries, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends and economic conditions. if we are not able to respond successfully to these competitive challenges, we could experience reduced profits.
if we are not able to take advantage of developments in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy and experience reduced profits.
our industries are rapidly changing as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs and allow new entrants into the markets we serve. in order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. if we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. we may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new services in the market.
the deployment of our 5g network is subject to a variety of risks, including those related to equipment availability, unexpected costs, and regulatory permitting requirements that could cause deployment delays or network performance issues. these issues could result in significant costs or reduce the anticipated benefits of the enhancements to our networks. if our services fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace, or if costs associated with the implementation and introduction of these services materially increase, our ability to retain and attract customers could be adversely affected.
in addition to introducing new offerings and technologies, such as 5g technology, we must phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies and services. if we are unable to do so on a cost-effective basis, we could experience reduced profits. in addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints on our ability to phase out current services.
adverse conditions in the u.s. and international economies could impact our results of operations.
unfavorable economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the u.s. or elsewhere, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services. in difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products, electing to use fewer higher margin services, dropping down in price plans or obtaining lower-cost products and services offered by other companies. similarly, under these conditions, the business customers that we serve may delay purchasing decisions, delay full implementation of service offerings or reduce their use of services. in addition, adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased number of our consumer and business customers that are unable to pay for services. if these events were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
regulatory and legal risks changes in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations.
our domestic operations are subject to regulation by the fcc and other federal, state and local agencies, and our international operations are regulated by various foreign governments and international bodies. these regulatory regimes frequently restrict or impose conditions on our ability to operate in designated areas and provide specified products or services. we are frequently required to maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our operations in accordance with prescribed standards. we are often involved in regulatory and other governmental proceedings or inquiries related to the application of these requirements. it is impossible to predict with any certainty the outcome of pending federal and state regulatory proceedings relating to our operations, or the reviews by federal or state courts of regulatory rulings. without relief, existing laws and regulations may inhibit our ability to expand our business and introduce new products and services. similarly, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining the licenses needed to carry out our business plan or in maintaining our existing licenses. for example, the fcc grants wireless licenses for terms generally lasting 10 years, subject to renewal. the loss of, or a material limitation on, certain of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
new laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework at the federal, state and local, or international level, such as those described below, or new laws or regulations enacted to address the potential impacts of climate change, could restrict the ways in which we manage our wireline and wireless networks and operate our media business, impose additional costs, impair revenue opportunities and potentially impede our ability to provide services in a manner that would be attractive to us and our customers.
•   privacy and data protection - we are subject to federal, state and international laws related to privacy and data protection. europe's general data protection regulation, which went into effect in may 2018, includes significant penalties for non-compliance. in addition, a new privacy law took effect in california at the beginning of 2020, an additional privacy law is scheduled to take effect in maine in 2020, and other states are considering additional regulations. these regulations could have a significant impact on our businesses.
•   regulation of broadband internet access services - in its 2015 title ii order, the fcc nullified its longstanding "light touch" approach to regulating broadband internet access services and "reclassified" these services as telecommunications services subject to utilities-style common carriage regulation. the fcc repealed the 2015 title ii order in december 2017, and returned to its traditional light-touch approach for these services. the 2017 order has been affirmed in part by the d.c. circuit, but further appeals and challenges are possible; the outcome and timing of these or any other challenge remains uncertain. several states have also adopted or are considering adopting laws or executive orders that would impose net neutrality and other requirements on some of our services (in some cases different from the fcc's 2015 rules). the enforceability and effect of these state rules is uncertain.
•   "open access" - we hold certain wireless licenses that require us to comply with so-called "open access" fcc regulations, which generally require licensees of particular spectrum to allow customers to use devices and applications of their choice. moreover, certain services could be subject to conflicting regulation by the fcc and/or various state and local authorities, which could significantly increase the cost of implementing and introducing new services.
the further regulation of broadband, wireless and our other activities and any related court decisions could restrict our ability to compete in the marketplace and limit the return we can expect to achieve on past and future investments in our networks.
we are subject to a significant amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements.
we are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, including, from time to time, shareholder derivative suits, patent infringement lawsuits, antitrust class actions, wage and hour class actions, personal injury claims, property claims, and lawsuits relating to our advertising, sales, billing and collection practices. in addition, our wireless business also faces personal injury and wrongful death lawsuits relating to alleged health effects of wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters. we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. in addition, we may be required to pay significant awards or settlements.
financial risks verizon has significant debt, which could increase further if verizon incurs additional debt in the future and does not retire existing debt.
as of december 31, 2019, verizon had approximately $99.1 billion of outstanding unsecured indebtedness, $9.4 billion of unused borrowing capacity under its existing revolving credit facility and $12.4 billion of outstanding secured indebtedness. verizon's debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including:
•   requiring verizon to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable on its debt, which would reduce the funds verizon has available for other purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures, dividend payments and acquisitions;
•   making it more difficult or expensive for verizon to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, debt refinancing, acquisitions or other purposes;
•   reducing verizon's flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in its industries and market conditions;
•   making verizon more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in its business; and
•   exposing verizon to increased interest rate risk to the extent that its debt obligations are at variable interest rates.
adverse changes in the credit markets and other factors could increase our borrowing costs and the availability of financing.
we require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business. we fund our capital needs in part through borrowings in the public and private credit markets. adverse changes in the credit markets, including increases in interest rates, could increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations or refinance existing indebtedness. in addition, our ability to obtain funding under asset-backed debt transactions is subject to our ability to continue to originate a sufficient amount of assets eligible to be securitized. our borrowing costs also can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on our performance as measured by customary credit metrics. a decrease in these ratings would likely increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. a severe disruption in the global financial markets could impact some of the financial institutions with which we do business, and such instability could also affect our access to financing.
increases in costs for pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.
with approximately 135,000 employees and approximately 191,000 retirees as of december 31, 2019 eligible to participate in verizon's benefit plans, the costs of pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits have a significant impact on our profitability. our costs of maintaining these plans, and the future funding requirements for these plans, are affected by several factors, including the legislative and regulatory uncertainty regarding the potential modification of the patient protection and affordable care act, increases in healthcare costs, decreases in investment returns on funds held by our pension and other benefit plan trusts and changes in the discount rate and mortality assumptions used to calculate pension and other postretirement expenses. if we are unable to limit future increases in the costs of our benefit plans, those costs could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations information required by this item is included in the 2019 verizon annual report to shareholders under the heading "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," which is incorporated herein by reference.
