item 1a.  risk factors in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the sec, you should carefully consider the risks described below, which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. these risks are not the only risks that we face. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial.
- 8 -
reductions in third-party reimbursement levels, from private or governmental agency plans, and potential changes in industry pricing benchmarks for prescription drugs could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
the substantial majority of the prescriptions we fill are reimbursed by third-party payers, including private and governmental agency payers. the continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pbm companies, governmental agencies, and other third-party payers to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well as litigation and other legal proceedings relating to how drugs are priced, may adversely impact our results of operations. in the united states, plan changes with rate adjustments often occur in january and our reimbursement arrangements may provide for rate adjustments at prescribed intervals during their term. in addition, in an environment where some pbm clients utilize narrow or restricted pharmacy provider networks, some of these entities may offer pricing terms that we may not be willing to accept or otherwise restrict our participation in their networks of pharmacy providers.
changes in political, economic and regulatory influences also may significantly affect healthcare financing and prescription drug reimbursement practices. in the united states, for example, there have been multiple attempts through executive action, legislative action and legal challenges to modify or repeal the aca, along with additional initiatives focused on increasing transparency and reducing costs in the u.s. healthcare system. we cannot predict whether current or future efforts to modify or repeal these laws will be successful, nor can we predict the impact that such a modification or repeal and any subsequent legislation would have on our business and reimbursement levels. there have also been a number of other proposals and enactments by the federal government and various states to reduce medicare part d and medicaid reimbursement levels in response to budget deficits, and we expect additional proposals in the future. in the event that a third-party payer's budgetary or financial condition deteriorates, they may not be able to pay timely, or may delay payment of, amounts owed to us. there can be no assurance that recent or future changes in prescription drug reimbursement policies and practices will not materially and adversely affect our results of operations. in many countries where we have operations, the government provides or subsidizes healthcare to consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility and reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. efforts to control healthcare costs, including prescription drug costs, are continuous and reductions in third-party reimbursement levels could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, many payers in the united states are increasingly considering new metrics as the basis for reimbursement rates. it is possible that the pharmaceutical industry or regulators may evaluate and/or develop an alternative pricing reference to replace average wholesale price, which is the pricing reference used for many of our contracts. in addition, many state medicaid fee-for-service programs have established pharmacy network payments on the basis of actual acquisition cost, which could have an impact on reimbursement practices in other commercial and governmental arrangements. future changes to the pricing benchmarks used to establish pharmaceutical pricing, including changes in the basis for calculating reimbursement by third-party payers, could adversely affect us.
a shift in pharmacy mix toward lower margin plans, products, and programs could adversely affect our results of operations.
our retail pharmacy usa division seeks to grow prescription volume while operating in a marketplace with continuous reimbursement pressure. a shift in the mix of pharmacy prescription volume towards programs offering lower reimbursement rates could adversely affect our results of operations. for example, our retail pharmacy usa division has experienced a shift in pharmacy mix towards 90-day at retail in recent years, and specialty pharmacy represents a significant and growing proportion of prescription drug spending in the united states and a correspondingly larger proportion of our revenues. our 90-day at retail offering for patients with chronic prescription needs typically is at a lower margin than comparable 30-day prescriptions, and specialty pharmacy sales are generally also lower margin. our retail pharmacy usa division also has experienced a shift in pharmacy mix towards medicare part d prescriptions in recent years, and that trend may continue. preferred medicare part d networks have increased in number in recent years; however, we do not participate in all such networks. we have accepted lower reimbursement rates in order to secure preferred relationships with medicare part d plans serving senior patients with significant pharmacy needs. we also have worked to develop and expand our relationships with commercial third-party payers to enable new and/or improved market access via participation in the pharmacy provider networks they offer. if we are not able to generate additional prescription volume and other business from patients participating in these programs that is sufficient to offset the impact of lower reimbursement, or if the degree or terms of our participation in such preferred networks declines from current levels in future years, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we derive a significant portion of our sales in the united states from prescription drug sales reimbursed by a limited number of pharmacy benefit management companies.
- 9 -
we derive a significant portion of our sales in the united states from prescription drug sales reimbursed through prescription drug plans administered by a limited number of pbm companies. pbm companies typically administer multiple prescription drug plans that expire at various times and provide for varying reimbursement rates, and often limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, known as a formulary, which might not include all of the approved drugs for a particular indication. contracts with certain pbm companies that we have historically done substantial business with are due for renewal in fiscal 2020. there can be no assurance that we will continue to participate in any particular pbm company's pharmacy provider network in any particular future time period or on terms reasonably acceptable to us. if our participation in the pharmacy provider network for a prescription drug plan administered by one or more of the large pbm companies is restricted or terminated, we expect that our sales would be adversely affected, at least in the short-term. if we are unable to replace any such lost sales, either through an increase in other sales or through a resumption of participation in those plans, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. if we exit a pharmacy provider network and later resume participation, there can be no assurance that we will achieve any particular level of business on any particular pace, or that all clients of the pbm company will choose to include us again in the pharmacy network for their plans, initially or at all. in addition, in such circumstances we may incur increased marketing and other costs in connection with initiatives to regain former patients and attract new patients covered by such plans.
we could be adversely affected by a decrease in the introduction of new brand name and generic prescription drugs as well as increases in the cost to procure prescription drugs.
the profitability of our pharmacy businesses depends upon the utilization of prescription drugs. utilization trends are affected by, among other factors, the introduction of new and successful prescription drugs as well as lower-priced generic alternatives to existing brand name drugs. inflation in the price of drugs also can adversely affect utilization, particularly given the increased prevalence of high-deductible health insurance plans and related plan design changes. new brand name drugs can result in increased drug utilization and associated sales, while the introduction of lower priced generic alternatives typically results in relatively lower sales, but relatively higher gross profit margins. accordingly, a decrease in the number or magnitude of significant new brand name drugs or generics successfully introduced, delays in their introduction, or a decrease in the utilization of previously introduced prescription drugs, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, if we experience an increase in the amounts we pay to procure pharmaceutical drugs, including generic drugs, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. our gross profit margins would be adversely affected to the extent we are not able to offset such cost increases. any failure to fully offset any such increased prices and costs or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. additionally, any future changes in drug prices could be significantly different than our expectations.
consolidation and strategic alliances in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business operations, competitive positioning, financial condition and results of operations.
many organizations in the healthcare industry, including pbm companies, have consolidated in recent years to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater bargaining power, which has resulted in greater pricing pressures. if this consolidation trend continues, it could give the resulting enterprises even greater bargaining power, which may lead to further pressure on the prices for our products and services. if these pressures result in reductions in our prices, our businesses would become less profitable unless we are able to achieve corresponding reductions in costs or develop profitable new revenue streams.
new and proposed acquisitions, partnerships and strategic alliances in the healthcare industry also can alter market dynamics and impact our businesses and competitive positioning. for example, in november 2018, cvs health corporation, an integrated pharmacy health care company that operates one of the largest retail drugstore chains and pbm companies in the united states, acquired aetna, inc., one of the largest diversified health care benefits companies. changes in the participants in global sourcing enterprises relating to drug procurement, whether as a result of mergers, acquisitions or other transactions, can also have a similar effect on market dynamics and our business. in addition, further consolidation among generic drug manufacturers could lead to generic drug inflation in the future. we expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and other pressures will continue to cause the healthcare industry to evolve, potentially resulting in further business consolidations and alliances and increased vertical integration among the industry participants we engage with, and which could, if we are not able to successfully anticipate and respond to evolving industry conditions in a timely and effective manner, materially and adversely impact our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth strategy is partially dependent upon our ability to identify and successfully complete acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic partnerships and alliances.
- 10 -
a significant element of our growth strategy is to identify, pursue and successfully complete and integrate acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic partnerships and alliances that either expand or complement our existing operations. we have grown significantly through acquisitions in recent years and expect to continue to acquire, partner with or invest in businesses that build on or are deemed complementary to our existing businesses or further our strategic objectives. due in part to consolidation in the industries in which we compete, there is significant competition for attractive targets and opportunities when available. there can be no assurance that attractive acquisition or other strategic relationship opportunities will be available, that we will be successful in identifying, negotiating and consummating favorable transaction opportunities, or that any such transactions we complete will be successful and justify our investment of financial and other resources.
acquisitions and other strategic transactions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in successfully integrating the operations and personnel, navigating the necessary regulatory approval requirements, distraction of management from overseeing, and disruption of, our existing operations, difficulties in entering markets or lines of business in which we have no or limited direct prior experience, the possible loss of key employees and customers, and difficulties in achieving the synergies we anticipated. any failure to select suitable opportunities at fair prices, conduct appropriate due diligence and successfully integrate the acquired company, including particularly when acquired businesses operate in new geographic markets or areas of business, could materially and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. these transactions may also cause us to significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition or investment, issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders' percentage ownership, or incur asset write-offs and restructuring costs and other related expenses that could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments also involve numerous other risks, including potential exposure to assumed litigation and unknown environmental and other liabilities, as well as undetected internal control, regulatory or other issues, or additional costs not anticipated at the time the transaction was completed. no assurance can be given that our acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic partnerships and alliances will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business operations, financial condition or results of operations. if we are unable to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments in a timely and effective manner, our business operations and growth strategies could be negatively affected.
our strategic relationships include outsourcing and similar relationships. we outsource certain business and administrative functions and rely on third parties to perform certain services on our behalf. we rely on these third parties to meet our quality and performance requirements and to timely perform as expected. we periodically negotiate provisions and renewals of these relationships, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us or such third parties. if our continuing relationship with certain third-party providers is interrupted, or if such third-party providers experience disruptions or do not perform as anticipated, or we experience problems with any transition, we may experience operational difficulties, reputational harm, and increased costs that could materially and adversely affect our business operations and results of operations.
we are exposed to risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings.
we operate in a highly regulated and litigious environment. we are involved in legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration and other claims, and investigations, inspections, audits, claims, inquiries and similar actions by pharmacy, healthcare, tax and other governmental authorities, including those contained in note 10, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. for example, in january 2019, walgreen co., on behalf of itself, its subsidiaries and certain identified affiliates, resolved matters regarding certain dispensing practices by entering into, among other things, a corporate integrity agreement with the office of inspector general of the united states department of health and human services. the corporate integrity agreement has a five-year term and provides that walgreen co. shall, among other things, continue the compliance program it created to address compliance with federal health care program requirements, provide annual certifications of compliance and provide training and education for certain covered employees. failure to meet the corporate integrity agreement obligations could have material adverse consequences for us, including reputational harm and monetary penalties for each instance of non-compliance. in addition, in the event of a breach or deliberate violation of the corporate integrity agreement, we could be excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs, or subjected to other significant penalties, which could seriously harm our results of operations, liquidity and financial results.
legal proceedings, in general, and securities, derivative action and class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. some of these suits may purport or may be determined to be class actions and/or involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. for example, we are a defendant in numerous litigation proceedings relating to opioids. from time to time, the company is also involved in legal proceedings as a plaintiff involving antitrust, tax, contract, intellectual property and other matters. see note 10, commitments and contingencies, for more information.
- 11 -
the company's financial results may also be adversely affected by the litigation and other legal proceedings of companies in which it has an equity method investment. any unfavorable outcome or settlement related to these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial results.
like other companies in the retail pharmacy and pharmaceutical wholesale industries, the company is subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the united states and other countries in which it operates. there continues to be a heightened level of review and/or audit by regulatory authorities of, and increased litigation regarding, the company's and the rest of the health care and related industry's business, compliance and reporting practices. as a result, the company regularly is the subject of government actions of the types described above. in addition, under the qui tam or "whistleblower" provisions of the federal and various state false claims acts, persons may bring lawsuits alleging that a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute or similar laws has resulted in the submission of "false" claims to federal and/or state healthcare programs, including medicare and medicaid. after a private party has filed a qui tam action, the government must investigate the private party's claim and determine whether to intervene in and take control over the litigation. these actions may remain under seal while the government makes this determination.
we cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies, and the costs incurred in litigation can be substantial, regardless of the outcome. substantial unanticipated verdicts, fines and rulings do sometimes occur. as a result, we could from time to time incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the amounts are accrued and/or our cash flows in the period in which the amounts are paid. in addition, as a result of governmental investigations or proceedings, the company may be subject to damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including the possible suspension or loss of licensure and/or suspension or exclusion from participation in government programs. the outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations. additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources.
our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change and business transformation and achieve cost savings and operating efficiency initiatives.
our board of directors approved the plans to implement the transformational cost management program and the store optimization program each as described in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii, item 7 below as part of an initiative to reduce costs and increase operating efficiencies. there can be no assurance that we will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits of these programs. our financial goals assume a level of productivity improvement, including those reflected in the transformational cost management program, the store optimization program and other business optimization initiatives. if we are unable to deliver these expected productivity improvements, while continuing to invest in business growth, or if the volume and nature of change overwhelms available resources, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely impacted. our ability to successfully manage and execute these initiatives and realize expected savings and benefits in the amounts and at the times anticipated is important to our business success. any failure to do so, which could result from our inability to successfully execute organizational change and business transformation plans, changes in global or regional economic conditions, competition, changes in the industries in which we compete, unanticipated costs or charges, loss of key personnel and other factors described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
the industries in which we operate are highly competitive and constantly evolving. new entrants to the market, existing competitor actions or other changes in market dynamics could adversely impact us.
the level of competition in the retail pharmacy and pharmaceutical wholesale industries is high. changes in market dynamics or actions of competitors or manufacturers, including industry consolidation and the emergence of new competitors and strategic alliances, could materially and adversely impact us. disruptive innovation, or the perception of potentially disruptive innovation, by existing or new competitors could alter the competitive landscape in the future and require us to accurately identify and assess such changes and if required make timely and effective changes to our strategies and business model to compete effectively. for example, in september 2018, online retailer amazon.com, inc. acquired pillpack, an online pharmacy with licenses throughout the united states. some industry analysts have speculated that the pillpack acquisition could provide a platform for amazon to significantly expand into the market for prescription drugs. our retail pharmacy businesses face intense competition from local, regional, national and global companies, including other drugstore and pharmacy chains, independent drugstores and pharmacies, mail-order pharmacies and various other retailers such as grocery stores, convenience stores, mass merchants, online and omni-channel pharmacies and retailers, warehouse clubs, dollar stores and other discount merchandisers, some of which are aggressively expanding in markets we serve. businesses in our pharmaceutical wholesale division face intense competition from direct competitors, including national and regional cooperative wholesalers, and
- 12 -
alternative supply sources such as importers and manufacturers who supply directly to pharmacies. competition may also come from other sources in the future. as competition increases in the markets in which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, including pressure on the convenience premium of our retail pricing model, which could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive. for example, if we are not able to anticipate and successfully respond to changes in market conditions in our pharmaceutical wholesale division, including changes driven by competitors, suppliers or manufacturers and increased competition from national and regional cooperative wholesalers, it could result in a loss of customers or renewal of contracts or arrangements on less favorable terms.
we also could be adversely affected if we fail to identify or effectively respond to changes in market dynamics. as technology, consumer behavior, omni-channel and differential retail models, and market conditions continue to evolve in the united states, it is important that we maintain the relevance of our brand and product and service offerings to customers and patients. in recent years, we announced that we are testing a number of concepts and initiatives designed to position our stores in the united states as convenient neighborhood health destinations for healthcare and retail products and services. the concepts being tested include new approaches to pricing and promotions, product selection, in-store and digital experience, and strategic partnerships that bring new products and services to our customers. we plan to use these pilots to listen to customers, learn and adjust based on feedback, with decisions on the nature and extent of further roll-outs made over time as we gain experience. if our customers are not receptive to these changes, if we are unable to expand successful programs in a timely manner, or we otherwise do not effectively respond to changes in market dynamics, our businesses and financial performance could be materially and adversely affected.
additionally, specialty pharmacy represents a significant and growing proportion of prescription drug spending in the united states, a significant portion of which is dispensed outside of traditional retail pharmacies. because our specialty pharmacy business focuses on complex and high-cost medications, many of which are made available by manufacturers to a limited number of pharmacies (so-called limited distribution drugs), that serve a relatively limited universe of patients, the future growth of this business depends to a significant extent upon expanding our ability to access key drugs and successfully penetrate key treatment categories. accordingly, it is important that we and our affiliates compete effectively in this evolving market, or our business operations, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. to better serve this evolving market, in march 2017, we and prime therapeutics llc, a pbm, closed a transaction to form a combined central specialty pharmacy and mail services company, alliancerx walgreens prime, using an innovative model that seeks to align pharmacy, pbm and health plans to coordinate patient care, improve health outcomes and deliver cost of care opportunities. if this joint venture is not able to compete effectively in this evolving market and successfully adapt to changing market conditions, our business operations, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
our substantial international business operations subject us to a number of operating, economic, political, regulatory and other international business risks.
our substantial international business operations are important to our growth and prospects, including particularly those of our retail pharmacy international and pharmaceutical wholesale divisions, and are subject to a number of risks, including:
•   compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including retail and wholesale pharmacy, licensing, tax, foreign trade, intellectual property, privacy and data protection, immigration, currency, political and other business restrictions and requirements and local laws and regulations, whose interpretation and enforcement vary significantly among jurisdictions and can change significantly over time;
•   additional u.s. and other regulation of non-domestic operations, including regulation under the foreign corrupt practices act, the uk bribery act and other anti-corruption laws;
•   potential difficulties in managing foreign operations, mitigating credit risks in foreign markets, enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;
•   price controls imposed by foreign countries, tariffs, duties or other restrictions on foreign currencies or trade sanctions and other trade barriers imposed by foreign countries that restrict or prohibit business transactions in certain markets, or fluctuations in currency rates;
•   impact of recessions and economic slowdowns in economies outside the united states, including foreign currency devaluation, higher interest rates, inflation, and increased government regulation or ownership of traditional private businesses;
- 13 -
•   the instability of foreign economies, governments and currencies and unexpected regulatory, economic or political changes in foreign markets; and
•   developing and emerging markets may be especially vulnerable to periods of instability and unexpected changes, and consumers in those markets may have relatively limited resources to spend on products and services.
these factors can also adversely affect our payers, vendors and customers in international markets, which in turn can negatively impact our businesses. we cannot assure you that one or more of these factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business operations, results of operation and financial condition.
many of these factors are subject to change based on changes in political, economic and regulatory influences. for example:
•   our retail pharmacy international and pharmaceutical wholesale divisions have substantial operations in the united kingdom and other member countries of the european union. in june 2016, voters in the united kingdom approved an advisory referendum to withdraw from the european union, which proposed exit (and the political, economic and other uncertainties it has raised), commonly referred to as "brexit," has exacerbated and may further exacerbate many of the risks and uncertainties described above. an original exit date was set for march 29, 2019, but following the uk parliament's rejection of a negotiated outcome, the leaders of the member countries of the european union have agreed to multiple extensions of the deadline for brexit. given the complexity and uncertainty surrounding the potential withdrawal and negotiations, including with respect to terms of trade and customs, there can be no assurance regarding the terms, timing or consummation of any such arrangements, and whether there will be an orderly withdrawal from the european union or a so-called "hard brexit" with no continuing uk participation in the eu's single market or the eu customs union. the proposed withdrawal could, among other potential outcomes, adversely affect the tax, tax treaty, currency, operational, legal and regulatory regimes to which our businesses in the region are subject. the withdrawal could also, among other potential outcomes, disrupt the free movement of goods, services and people between the united kingdom and the european union and significantly disrupt trade between the united kingdom and the european union and other parties. further, uncertainty around and developments regarding these and related issues has contributed to deteriorating market conditions and could further adversely impact consumer and investor confidence and the economy of the united kingdom and the economies of other countries in which we operate and cause significant volatility in currency exchange rates. in the event of a "hard brexit," the related risks and uncertainties could be further exacerbated; and
•   many of the products we sell are manufactured in whole or in part outside of the united states. in some cases, these products are imported by others and sold to us. in the united states, the presidential administration has discussed, and in some cases implemented, changes with respect to certain tax and trade policies, tariffs and other government regulations affecting trade between the united states and other countries. for example, concerns regarding trade relations between the united states and china have escalated during fiscal 2019 and discussions have continued through the date of this report, as both countries imposed significant tariffs on the importation of certain product categories. as a significant portion of our retail products are sourced from china, the imposition on the united states of these and any additional new tariffs on certain goods imported from china have adversely affected costs and could impact the profitability of retail product sales in our retail pharmacy usa division. while it is not possible to predict whether or when any additional changes will occur or what form they may take, significant changes in tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations between the united states and other countries could result in significant increases in our costs, restrict our access to certain suppliers and adversely impact economic activity. in addition, other countries may change their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in united states' trade policy and regulations.
there can be no assurance that any or all of these developments will not have a material adverse effect on our business operations, results of operations and financial condition.
we are exposed to risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
we operate in 25 countries across the globe, and our significant operations outside of the united states expose us to currency exchange rate fluctuations and related risks, including transaction currency exposures relating to the import and export of goods in currencies other than businesses' functional currencies as well as currency translation exposures relating to profits and net assets denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. we present our financial statements in u.s. dollars and have a significant proportion of net assets and income in non-u.s. dollar currencies, primarily the british pound sterling and the euro, as well as a range of other foreign currencies. our results of operations and capital ratios can therefore be sensitive to movements in foreign exchange rates. due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the
- 14 -
volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon our future results of operations. in addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the u.s. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. a depreciation of non-u.s. dollar currencies relative to the u.s. dollar could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations.
we may from time to time, in some instances, enter into foreign currency contracts or other derivative instruments intended to hedge a portion of our foreign currency fluctuation risks, which subjects us to additional risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations to us, that could materially and adversely affect us. additionally, we may (and currently do) use foreign currency debt to hedge some of our foreign currency fluctuation risks. the periodic use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. we cannot assure you that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, including particularly the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, will not materially affect our consolidated financial results.
we may experience a significant disruption in our information technology and computer systems.
we rely extensively on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, customer loyalty programs, finance and other processes. our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card or personally identifiable information breaches, vandalism, natural disasters, catastrophic events, human error and potential cyber threats, including malicious codes, worms, phishing attacks, denial of service attacks, ransomware and other sophisticated cyber attacks, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. if any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or disruptions and delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could materially and adversely affect our businesses and results of operations.
in addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure, some of which are significant. upgrades involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, outsourcing critical information technology to third parties, making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud, or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. implementing new systems carries significant potential risks, including failure to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data or information, changes in security processes, cost overruns, implementation delays, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. we rely on strategic partners and other service providers to help us with certain significant information technology projects and services. information technology projects or services frequently are long-term in nature and may take longer to complete and cost more than we expect and may not deliver the benefits we project once they are complete. there can be no assurance that we and our strategic partners and service providers will be able to deliver the required functionality of our information technology projects or services within the required timeframe and budget. furthermore, pursuing multiple initiatives simultaneously could make implementation significantly more challenging. we are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems and outsourcing critical information technology functions and there can be no assurance that we will not experience significant issues with our existing systems prior to implementation, that our technology initiatives will be successfully deployed as planned or that they will be timely implemented without significant disruption to our operations. we also could be adversely affected by any significant disruption in the systems of third parties we interact with, including key payers and vendors. any system implementation and transition difficulty may result in operational challenges, reputational harm, and increased costs that could materially and adversely affect our business operations and results of operations.
if we or the businesses we interact with do not maintain the privacy and security of sensitive customer and business information, it could damage our reputation and we could suffer a loss of revenue, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation and regulatory scrutiny.
the protection of customer, employee, and company data is critical to our businesses. cybersecurity and other information technology security risks, such as a significant breach of customer, employee, or company data, could create significant workflow disruption, attract a substantial amount of media attention, damage our customer relationships, reputation and brand, and result in lost sales, fines or lawsuits. throughout our operations, we receive, retain and transmit certain personal information that our customers and others provide to purchase products or services, fill prescriptions, enroll in promotional programs, participate in our customer loyalty programs, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. in addition, aspects of our operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. like other global companies, we and businesses we interact with have experienced threats to data and systems, including by perpetrators of random or targeted malicious cyber-attacks, computer viruses, worms, bot attacks or other
- 15 -
destructive or disruptive software and attempts to misappropriate customer information, including credit card information, and cause system failures and disruptions. any compromise of our data security systems or of those of businesses with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions, customer attrition, remediation expenses, and claims from customers, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. in addition, a security breach could require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of information systems and disrupt our businesses.
we depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third-parties for many aspects of our business operations, including payers, strategic partners and cloud service providers. these third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. like us, these third-parties are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and cyber-attacks and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt or close down their networks or systems. any expansion of information technology outsourcing, including through arrangements with our strategic partners, may increase vulnerabilities and weaknesses relating to cybersecurity and data management. security processes, protocols and standards that we have implemented and contractual provisions requiring security measures that we may have sought to impose on such third-parties may not be sufficient or effective at preventing such events, which could result in unauthorized access to, or disruptions or denials of access to, or misuse of, information or systems that are important to our business, including proprietary information, sensitive or confidential data, and other information about our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information.
the regulatory environment surrounding data security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements across businesses and geographic areas. we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data security and privacy regulations in the united states and in other jurisdictions in which we operate that regulate the collection, use and transfer of personal data, including the transfer of personal data between or among countries. in the united states, for example, hipaa imposes extensive privacy and security requirements governing the transmission, use and disclosure of health information by covered entities in the health care industry, including health care providers such as pharmacies. in addition, the california consumer privacy act, which goes into effect on january 1, 2020, imposes stringent requirements on the use and treatment of "personal information" of california residents, which term is broadly defined to include, among other things, information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked to a consumer or household. other u.s. states have enacted, or are proposing similar laws related to the protection of personal data. in addition, the u.s. federal government is considering federal privacy legislation. outside the united states, many of our business units operate in countries with stringent data protection regulations, and these laws continue to change. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation, which became effective in may 2018, greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of european union data protection laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches, and provides for greater penalties for noncompliance. other countries have enacted or are considering enacting data localization laws that require certain data to stay within their borders. complying with changing regulatory requirements requires us to incur substantial costs and may require changes to our business practices in certain jurisdictions, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business operations and operating results. we may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. if we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations or experience a data security breach, our reputation could be damaged and we could be subject to additional litigation and regulatory risks, particularly to the extent the breach relates to sensitive data. our security measures may be undermined due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate business and personal information. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation and credibility, and potentially have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant change in, or noncompliance with, governmental regulations and other legal requirements could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and profitability.
we operate in complex, highly regulated environments around the world and could be materially and adversely affected by changes to applicable legal requirements including the related interpretations and enforcement practices, new legal requirements and/or any failure to comply with applicable regulations. businesses in our pharmaceutical wholesale division
- 16 -
are subject to a range of regulations relating to such things as product margins, product traceability and the conditions under which products must be stored. our retail pharmacy and health and wellness services businesses are subject to numerous country, state and local regulations including licensing, billing practices, utilization and other requirements for pharmacies and reimbursement arrangements. the regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: country and state registration and regulation of pharmacies and drug discount card programs; dispensing and sale of controlled substances and products containing pseudoephedrine; applicable governmental payer regulations including medicare and medicaid; data privacy and security laws and regulations including hipaa; the aca or any successor thereto; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, each of which continues to evolve, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; regulations regarding food and drug safety including those of the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda") and drug enforcement administration ("dea"), trade regulations including those of the u.s. federal trade commission, and consumer protection and safety regulations including those of the consumer product safety commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the availability, sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell as well as our loyalty and drug discount card programs; anti-kickback laws; false claims laws; laws against the corporate practice of medicine; and foreign, national and state laws governing health care fraud and abuse and the practice of the profession of pharmacy. for example, in the united states, the dea, fda and various other regulatory authorities regulate the distribution and dispensing of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. we are required to hold valid dea and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the federal and various state controlled substance acts and related regulations governing the sale, dispensing, disposal, holding and distribution of controlled substances. the dea, fda and state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations. we are also governed by foreign, national and state laws of general applicability, including laws regulating matters of working conditions, health and safety and equal employment opportunity and other labor and employment matters as well as employee benefit, competition and antitrust matters. in addition, we could have significant exposure if we are found to have infringed another party's intellectual property rights.
changes in laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices may alter the landscape in which we do business and may significantly affect our cost of doing business. the impact of new laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices generally cannot be predicted, and changes in applicable laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs and require significant capital expenditures. untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our businesses, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government programs, including the medicare and medicaid programs in the united states and the national health service in the united kingdom; loss of licenses; and significant fines or monetary penalties. any failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements in the united states or in any of the countries in which we operate could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation and brand, and have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we could be adversely affected by violations of anti-bribery, anti-corruption and/or international trade laws.
we are subject to laws concerning our business operations and marketing activities in foreign countries where we conduct business. for example, we are subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), u.s. export control, anti-money laundering and economic and trade sanction laws, and similar anti-corruption and international trade laws in certain foreign countries, such as the uk bribery act, any violation of which could create substantial liability for us and also harm our reputation. the fcpa generally prohibits u.s. companies and their officers, directors, employees, and intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. the fcpa also requires that u.s. public companies maintain books and records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. if we are found to have violated the fcpa, u.s. export control, economic and trade sanctions, or anti-money laundering laws or any other anti-bribery, anti-corruption or international trade laws or to have otherwise conducted business activities inappropriately or unethically, including through acts of bribery, corruption, conflicts of interest, fraud, manipulation of records or dealings with inappropriate business counterparties or partners, we may face penalties, sanctions including civil and criminal fines, disgorgement of profits, and suspension or debarment of our ability to contract with governmental agencies or receive export licenses. in addition, new initiatives may be proposed from time to time that impact the trading conditions in certain countries or regions, and may include retaliatory duties or trade sanctions which, if enacted, could adversely impact our trading relationships with vendors or other parties in such locations and have a material adverse effect on our operations. from time to time, we may face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign governmental agencies relating to our international business activities, compliance with which could be costly and time-consuming, and could divert our management and key personnel from our
- 17 -
business operations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could damage our reputation and subject us to fines or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
disruption in our global supply chain could negatively impact our businesses.
the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future disruption in our supply chain or inability to find qualified vendors and access products that meet requisite quality and safety standards in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our businesses. the loss or disruption of such supply arrangements for any reason, including for issues such as labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, inability to procure sufficient raw materials, quality control issues, ethical sourcing issues, a supplier's financial distress, natural disasters, civil unrest or acts of war or terrorism, trade sanctions or other external factors over which we have no control, could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have a material adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we use a single wholesaler of branded and generic pharmaceutical drugs as our primary source of such products for our retail pharmacy usa division.
in march 2013, walgreens, alliance boots and amerisourcebergen announced various agreements and arrangements, including a ten-year pharmaceutical distribution agreement between walgreens and amerisourcebergen pursuant to which we source branded and generic pharmaceutical products from amerisourcebergen in the united states and an agreement which provides amerisourcebergen the ability to access generic pharmaceutical products through our global sourcing enterprise. in may 2016, certain of these agreements were extended for three years to now expire in 2026. in addition, in march 2013, walgreens, alliance boots and amerisourcebergen entered into agreements and arrangements pursuant to which we have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase a minority equity position in amerisourcebergen and gain associated representation on amerisourcebergen's board of directors in certain circumstances. as of the date of this report, amerisourcebergen distributes for our retail pharmacy usa division substantially all branded and generic pharmaceutical products. consequently, our business in the united states may be adversely affected by any operational, financial or regulatory difficulties that amerisourcebergen experiences. for example, if amerisourcebergen's operations are seriously disrupted for any reason, whether due to a natural disaster, labor disruption, regulatory action, computer or operational systems or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business in the united states and our results of operations.
our distribution agreement with amerisourcebergen is subject to early termination in certain circumstances and, upon the expiration or termination of the agreement, there can be no assurance that we or amerisourcebergen will be willing to renew the agreement or enter into a new agreement, on terms favorable to us or at all. if such expiration or termination occurred, we believe that alternative sources of supply for most generic and brand-name pharmaceuticals are readily available and that we could obtain and qualify alternative sources, which may include self-distribution in some cases, for substantially all of the prescription drugs we sell on an acceptable basis, such that the impact of any such expiration or termination would be temporary. however, there can be no assurance we would be able to engage alternative supply sources or implement self-distribution processes on a timely basis or on terms favorable to us, or effectively manage these transitions, any of which could adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
the anticipated strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with amerisourcebergen may not be realized.
as of august 31, 2019, we beneficially owned approximately 27% of the outstanding amerisourcebergen common stock and had designated one member of amerisourcebergen's board of directors. in addition, we have the right, but not the obligation, under the transactions contemplated by the framework agreement dated as of march 18, 2013 by and among the company, alliance boots and amerisourcebergen (the "framework agreement") to acquire up to an additional 8,398,752 amerisourcebergen shares in the open market and thereafter designate another member of amerisourcebergen's board of directors, subject in each case to applicable legal and contractual requirements. there can be no assurance that we will complete any specific level of such potential equity investments in amerisourcebergen, or that our existing investment, or any future investment if completed, will ultimately be profitable.
the company accounts for its investment in amerisourcebergen using the equity method of accounting, subject to a two-month reporting lag, with the net earnings attributable to the investment classified within the operating income of the company's pharmaceutical wholesale segment. the financial performance of amerisourcebergen, including any charges which may arise relating to its ongoing opioid litigation, will impact the company's results of operations. additionally, a substantial and sustained decline in the price of amerisourcebergen's common stock could trigger an impairment evaluation of
- 18 -
our investment. these considerations may materially and adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
further, our ability to transact in amerisourcebergen securities is subject to certain restrictions set forth in our agreements with amerisourcebergen and arising under applicable laws and regulations, which in some circumstances could adversely our ability to transact in amerisourcebergen securities in amounts and at the times desired. we could also encounter unforeseen costs, circumstances or issues existing or arising with respect to the transactions and collaboration resulting from these agreements. many of these potential circumstances are outside of our control and any of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenue, decreased synergies and the diversion of management time and attention. if we are unable to achieve our objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the expected benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of assets from rite aid, which could adversely impact our results of operations.
we entered into an agreement to acquire certain rite aid stores and distribution centers with the expectation that the transaction will result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. the achievement of the anticipated benefits of the transaction is subject to a number of uncertainties, including completion of the pending acquisition of distribution centers and related inventory expected to be completed during fiscal 2020, whether the acquired assets can be integrated into our business in an efficient and effective manner, the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding potential synergies and the integration process, unforeseen expenses or delays, and competitive factors in the marketplace. we can provide no assurance that the anticipated benefits of the transaction, including cost savings and synergies, will be fully realized in the time frame anticipated or at all; the costs or difficulties related to the integration of the acquired assets into our business and operations will not be greater than expected; unanticipated costs, charges and expenses will not result from the transaction; litigation relating to the transaction will not be filed; and the transaction will not cause disruption to the parties' business and operations and relationships with employees and suppliers, payers, customers and other third parties. if one or more of these risks are realized, it could have a material adverse impact on our operating results.
from time to time, we make investments in companies over which we do not have sole control. some of these companies may operate in sectors that differ from our current operations and have different risks.
from time to time, we make debt or equity investments in companies that we may not control or over which we may not have sole control. for example, while we have a significant equity investment in amerisourcebergen and have a designee serving on the board of directors of amerisourcebergen as of the date of this report, we do not have the ability to control day-to-day operations of that company. some of the businesses in which we have made noncontrolling investments operate in markets or industries that are different from our primary lines of business and/or operate in different geographic markets than we do. for example we have an equity investment in sinopharm holding guoda drugstores co., ltd., a leading retail pharmacy chain in china. investments in these businesses, among other risks, subject us to the operating and financial risks of the businesses we invest in and to the risk that we do not have sole control over the operations of these businesses. we rely on the internal controls and financial reporting controls of these entities and their failure to maintain effectiveness or comply with applicable standards may materially and adversely affect us. investments in entities over which we do not have sole control, including joint ventures and strategic partnerships and alliances, present additional risks such as having differing objectives from our partners or the entities in which we are invested, becoming involved in disputes, or competing with those persons.
changes in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer buying practices.
our performance has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by changes in global, national, regional or local economic conditions and consumer confidence. these conditions can also adversely affect our key vendors and customers. external factors that affect consumer confidence and over which we exercise no influence include unemployment rates, inflation, levels of personal disposable income, levels of taxes and interest and global, national, regional or local economic conditions, as well as acts of war or terrorism. changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence could adversely affect consumer preferences, purchasing power and spending patterns, which could lead to a decrease in overall consumer spending as well as in prescription drug and health services utilization and which could be exacerbated by the increasing prevalence of high-deductible health insurance plans and related plan design changes. our business operations have been adversely affected by challenging market conditions in our retail pharmacy international division, particularly our boots business in the united kingdom, on account of the economic environment, including the uncertainty associated with brexit.
- 19 -
in addition, reduced or flat consumer spending may drive us and our competitors to offer additional products at promotional prices. all of these factors could materially and adversely impact our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
economic conditions in europe and certain emerging market countries, together with austerity measures being taken by certain governments, could adversely affect us.
we have significant assets and operations within europe and certain emerging market countries in our retail pharmacy international and pharmaceutical wholesale divisions. an economic slowdown within any such markets could adversely affect our businesses in affected regions by reducing the prices our customers may be able or willing to pay for our products and services or by reducing the demand for our products and services, either of which could result in a material adverse impact on our results of operations. in recent years, in response to the economic environment, a number of governments, including the government in the united kingdom, have announced or implemented austerity measures to reduce healthcare spending for the government-sponsored healthcare systems and constrain overall government expenditures. these measures, which include efforts aimed at reforming healthcare coverage and reducing healthcare costs, continue to exert pressure on the pricing of and reimbursement timelines for pharmaceutical drugs. any new austerity measures may be similar to or vary in scope and nature from existing austerity measures and could have a material adverse effect on our international business operations and results of operations.
if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omni-channel experience for our customers, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
the portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers occurring online and through mobile applications has continued to increase and the pace of this increase could accelerate in the future. our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with customers across numerous channels, including in-store, online, mobile and social media, among others. omni-channel and differentiated retail models are rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments by our competitors. our customers are increasingly using computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other devices to comparison shop, determine product availability and complete purchases, as well as to provide immediate public reactions regarding various facets of our operations. we must compete by offering a consistent and convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of the ultimate sales channel and by investing in, providing and maintaining digital tools for our customers that have the right features and are reliable and easy to use. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant customer-facing technology in a timely manner that keeps pace with technological developments and dynamic customer expectations, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, if our online activities or our other customer-facing technology systems do not function as designed, we may experience a loss of customer confidence, data security breaches, lost sales, or be exposed to fraudulent purchases, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, reputation and results of operations.
if the merchandise and services that we offer fail to meet customer needs, our sales may be adversely affected.
we could be adversely affected by changes in consumer spending levels and shopping habits and preferences, including attitudes towards our retail and product brands. the success of our retail pharmacy businesses depends on our ability to offer a superior shopping experience, engaging customer service and a quality assortment of available merchandise that differentiates us from other retailers, including enhanced health and beauty product offerings. we must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. our products and services must satisfy the needs and desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future. for example, our proof of concept initiatives that seek to position our stores in the united states as convenient neighborhood health destinations for healthcare and retail products and services reflect the perceived desires and needs of our target market. however, it is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand. if we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our customers' purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer. in addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns and evolving demographic mixes in the markets we serve could negatively affect our relationship with our customers and the demand for our products and services, which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations.
our private brand offerings expose us to various additional risks.
in addition to brand name products, we offer our customers private brand products that in many instances, are not available from other retailers. we seek to continue to grow our private brand offerings as part of our growth strategy, including through
- 20 -
the offering of no7, the introduction of complete home and other brands owned or licensed on an exclusive basis, as well as through selective acquisitions. maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of our private brand offerings for our customers, as well as the timely development and introduction of new products, is important in differentiating us from other retailers and developing and maintaining customer loyalty. the expansion of our private brand offerings also subjects us to additional risks, such as potential product liability risks and mandatory or voluntary product recalls; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; our ability to successfully administer and comply with applicable contractual obligations and regulatory requirements; and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. an increase in sales of our private brands may also adversely affect sales of our vendors' products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our relationship with certain of our vendors. any failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business operations, results of operations and financial condition.
we face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. further, managing succession for, and retention of, key executives is critical to our success, and failure to do so could have an adverse impact on our future performance.
our ability to attract, engage and retain qualified and experienced employees, including in executive and other key strategic positions, is essential to meet current and future goals and objectives and there is no guarantee we will be able to attract and retain such employees by offering market competitive compensation, opportunities, empowerment and resources. there can be no assurance that competition among potential employers will not result in increased salaries or other benefits. an inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees, or an unexpected loss of leadership or loss of key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
in addition, failure to adequately plan for succession of senior management and other key management roles or the failure of key employees to successfully transition into new roles could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. while we have succession plans in place and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee the services of these executives will continue to be available to us.
we are subject to payment-related and other financial services risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, gift cards and mobile payment technologies such as apple paytm, and we may offer new payment options over time. acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements and related interpretations may change over time, which could make compliance more difficult or costly. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which could increase over time and raise our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. if these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could disrupt our business. the payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by persons who seek to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit any weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. if we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements, or if data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data relating to our payment systems, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments could be impaired. in addition, our reputation could suffer and our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which could result in higher costs and/or reduced sales and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
additionally, we offer money (wire) transfer services and sell prepaid debit, credit and gift cards at certain business units. these products and services require us to comply with global anti-money laundering laws and regulations. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines, sanctions, penalties and damage to our reputation.
changes in healthcare regulatory environments may adversely affect our businesses.
political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry to significant changes that could adversely affect our results of operations. in recent years, the healthcare industry has undergone significant changes in an effort to reduce costs and government spending. these changes include an increased reliance on managed care; cuts in certain medicare and medicaid funding in the united states and the funding of governmental payers in foreign jurisdictions; consolidation of competitors, suppliers and other market participants; and the development of large, sophisticated purchasing groups. we expect the healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. some of these potential changes, such as a reduction in
- 21 -
governmental funding for certain healthcare services or adverse changes in legislation or regulations governing prescription drug pricing, healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause customers to reduce the amount of our products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services. we expect continued governmental and private payer pressure to reduce pharmaceutical pricing. changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies could also significantly reduce our profitability.
in the united states, electoral results and changes in political leadership have generated uncertainty with respect to, and could result in, significant changes in legislation, regulation and government policy that could significantly impact our businesses and the health care and retail industries. there have been multiple attempts to repeal, modify or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the aca, which was enacted in 2010 to provide health insurance coverage to millions of previously uninsured americans through a combination of insurance market reforms, an expansion of medicaid, subsidies and health insurance mandates. we cannot predict whether current or future efforts to modify these laws and/or adopt new healthcare legislation will be successful, nor can we predict the impact that such a development would have on our business and operating results. future legislation or rulemaking or other regulatory actions or developments under the aca or otherwise could adversely impact the number of americans with health insurance and, consequently, prescription drug coverage, increase regulation of pharmacy services, result in changes to pharmacy reimbursement rates, and otherwise change the way we do business. we cannot predict the timing or impact of any future legislative, rulemaking or other regulatory actions, but any such actions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
we could be adversely affected by product liability, product recall, personal injury or other health and safety issues.
we could be adversely impacted by the supply of defective or expired products, including the infiltration of counterfeit products into the supply chain, errors in re-labeling of products, product tampering, product recall and contamination or product mishandling issues. through our pharmacies and specialist packaging sites, including through services provided by third-party health care providers, we are also exposed to risks relating to the services we offer. errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals, including related counseling, and in the provision of other healthcare services could lead to serious injury or death. product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide. for example, from time to time, the fda issues statements alerting patients that products in our supply chain may contain impurities or harmful substances, and claims relating to the sale or distribution of such products may be asserted against us or arise from these statements. our healthcare clinics also increase our exposure to professional liability claims related to medical care. should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims and judgments. we also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future. we could suffer significant reputational damage and financial liability if we, or any affiliated entities or third-party healthcare providers that we do business with, experience any of the foregoing health and safety issues or incidents, which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we have significant outstanding debt; our debt and associated payment obligations could significantly increase in the future if we incur additional debt and do not retire existing debt.
we have outstanding debt and other financial obligations and significant unused borrowing capacity. as of august 31, 2019, we had approximately $17 billion of outstanding indebtedness, including short-term debt. our debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including:
•   requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable on our debt, which would reduce the funds we have available for other purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends;
•   making it more difficult or expensive for us to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, debt refinancing, acquisitions or other purposes;
•   reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our industry and market conditions and making us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business operations; and
•   exposing us to interest rate risk given that a portion of our debt obligations is at variable interest rates.
we may incur or assume significantly more debt in the future, including in connection with acquisitions, strategic investments or joint ventures. if we add new debt and do not retire existing debt, the risks described above could increase.
- 22 -
we also could be adversely impacted by any failure to renew or replace, on terms acceptable to us or at all, existing funding arrangements when they expire, and any failure to satisfy applicable covenants.
additionally, a portion of our indebtedness bears interest at fluctuating interest rates, some of which is tied to the london interbank offered rate for deposits of u.s. dollars ("libor"). libor tends to fluctuate based on general interest rates, rates set by the federal reserve and other central banks, the supply of and demand for credit in the london interbank market and general economic conditions. in july 2017, the united kingdom financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. the expected phase out of libor could cause market volatility or disruption and may adversely affect our access to the capital markets and cost of funding.
our long-term debt obligations include covenants that may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries, to incur certain secured indebtedness or engage in certain types of transactions. in addition, our existing credit agreements require us to maintain as of the last day of each fiscal quarter a ratio of consolidated debt to total capitalization not to exceed a certain level. our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. if we breach any of these restrictions or covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable. this could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition.
we could be adversely affected by downgrades to our credit ratings or disruptions in our ability to access well-functioning capital markets.
historically, we have relied on the public debt capital markets to fund portions of our capital investments and access to the commercial paper market and bank credit facilities as part of our working capital management strategy. our continued access to these markets, and the terms of such access, depend on multiple factors including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and our credit ratings. the major credit rating agencies have assigned us and our corporate debt investment grade credit ratings. these ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength and financial policies. we benefit from investment grade ratings as they serve to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate our access to a variety of lenders and other creditors, including landlords for our leased stores, on terms that we consider advantageous to our businesses. however, there can be no assurance that any particular rating assigned to us will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency, if in that rating agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating so warrant. for more information on our ratings, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - credit ratings." incurrence of additional debt by us and our operating performance could adversely affect our credit ratings. we depend on banks and other financial institutions to provide credit to our business and perform under our agreements with them. defaults by one or more of these counterparties on their obligations to us could materially and adversely affect us. any disruptions or turmoil in the capital markets or any downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets and increase the cost of and counterparty risks associated with existing facilities, which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations.
we may be unable to keep existing store locations or open new locations in desirable places on favorable terms, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. local land use and zoning regulations, environmental regulations and other regulatory requirements may impact our ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of constructing, renovating and operating our stores. in addition, real estate, zoning, construction and other delays may adversely affect store openings and renovations and increase our costs. further, changing local demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores. the termination or expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores. for example, in fiscal 2019, we announced the closure of approximately 200 locations in the united states and approximately 200 stores in the united kingdom, respectively, under our transformational cost management program. if we determine to close or relocate a store subject to a lease, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for the balance of the lease term. if we are unable to maintain our existing store locations or open new locations in desirable places and on favorable terms, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
as a holding company, walgreens boots alliance is dependent on funding from its operating subsidiaries to pay dividends and other obligations.
- 23 -
walgreens boots alliance is a holding company with no business operations of its own. its assets primarily consist of direct and indirect ownership interests in, and its business is conducted through, subsidiaries which are separate legal entities. as a result, it is dependent on funding from its subsidiaries, including walgreens and alliance boots, to meet its obligations. additionally, walgreens boots alliance's subsidiaries may be restricted in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions to walgreens boots alliance, which may limit the payment of cash dividends or other distributions to the holders of walgreens boots alliance common stock. credit facilities and other debt obligations of walgreens boots alliance, as well as statutory provisions, may further limit the ability of walgreens boots alliance and its subsidiaries to pay dividends. payments to walgreens boots alliance by its subsidiaries are also contingent upon its subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. future walgreens boots alliance dividends will be determined based on earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by its board of directors.
our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly.
our operating results have historically varied on a quarterly basis, including increased variability in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. factors that may affect our quarterly operating results, some of which are beyond the control of management, include, but are not limited to the timing of the introduction of new generic and brand name prescription drugs; inflation, including with respect to generic drug procurement costs; seasonality, including the timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season; changes or rates of change in payer reimbursement rates and terms; fluctuations in inventory, energy, transportation, labor, healthcare and other costs; significant acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and other strategic initiatives; asset impairment charges, including the performance of and impairment charges related to our equity method investments; the relative magnitude of our lifo provision in any particular quarter; foreign currency fluctuations; market conditions, including any impact relating to brexit; prolonged severe weather in key markets; and many of the other risk factors discussed herein. accordingly, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful and investors should not place undue reliance on the results of any particular quarter as an indication of our future performance.
our businesses are seasonal in nature, and adverse events during the holiday and cough, cold and flu seasons could adversely impact our operating results.
our businesses are seasonal in nature, with the second fiscal quarter (december, january and february) typically generating a higher proportion of retail sales and earnings than other fiscal quarters. we purchase significant amounts of seasonal inventory in anticipation of the holiday season. adverse events, such as deteriorating economic conditions, higher unemployment, higher gas prices, public transportation disruptions, or unanticipated adverse weather, could result in lower-than-planned sales during key selling seasons. for example, frequent or unusually heavy snowfall, ice storms, rainstorms, windstorms or other extreme weather conditions over a prolonged period could make it difficult for our customers to travel to our stores and increase our snow removal and other costs. this could lead to lower sales or to unanticipated markdowns, negatively impacting our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, both prescription and non-prescription drug sales are affected by the timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season, which can vary considerably from year to year.
we could be adversely impacted by changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters.
generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our businesses, including, but not limited to, revenue recognition, asset impairment, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, inventories, equity method investments, vendor rebates and other vendor consideration, lease obligations, self-insurance liabilities, pension and postretirement benefits, tax matters, unclaimed property laws and litigation and other contingent liabilities are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. for example, changes in accounting standards and the application of existing accounting standards particularly related to the measurement of fair value as compared to carrying value for the company's reporting units, including goodwill, intangible assets and investments in equity interests, may have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets include significant adverse changes in the business climate and declines in the financial condition of a reporting unit. factors that could lead to impairment of investments in equity interests of the companies in which we invested include a prolonged period of decline in their operating performance or adverse changes in the economic, regulatory and legal environments of the countries in which they operate.
- 24 -
new accounting guidance also may require changes to our processes, accounting systems and internal controls that could increase our operating costs and/or significantly change our financial statements. for example, in february 2016, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2016-02, leases (topic 842), which supersedes topic 840, leases. this asu, which became effective for us beginning on september 1, 2019 (fiscal 2020), seeks to increase the transparency and comparability of organizations by recognizing operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. the adoption approach for these accounting standards affect the comparability of our consolidated financial statements. implementing new accounting guidance may require us to make significant changes to and investments in our accounting systems and processes, which could result in significant adverse changes to our financial statements. see, "new accounting pronouncements," within note 1, summary of major accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements.
we have a substantial amount of goodwill and other intangible assets which could, in the future, become impaired and result in material non-cash charges to our results of operations.
as of august 31, 2019, we had $27.4 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheets. we evaluate this goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that could more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. as part of this impairment analysis, we determine fair value for each reporting unit using both the income and market approaches. we determine fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets using the relief from royalty method and excess earnings method of the income approach. definite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. estimated fair values could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in capital structure, cost of debt and equity, capital expenditure levels, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. for example, during the three months ended august 31, 2019, we completed quantitative impairment analysis for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of a june 1, 2019 valuation date. based on this analysis, the fair value of the boots reporting unit, within the retail pharmacy international segment, is in excess of its carrying value by approximately 9%. as at august 31, 2019, the carrying value of the goodwill of the boots reporting unit is $2.6 billion. the fair values of certain indefinite-lived intangibles within the boots reporting unit exceeded their carrying amounts ranging from approximately 3% to approximately 29%, except for the pharmacy licenses. as at august 31, 2019, the carrying value of these indefinite-lived intangibles within boots reporting unit is $6.9 billion. as a result of an annual evaluation, during the three months ended august 31, 2019, the company recorded an impairment of $73 million on its pharmacy licenses in the boots reporting unit. because of the significance of our goodwill and intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could result in material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we could be subject to adverse changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions.
we are a large corporation with operations in the united states and numerous other jurisdictions around the world. as such, we are subject to tax laws and regulations of the u.s. federal, state and local governments as well as various foreign jurisdictions. we compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate. as the tax rates vary among jurisdictions, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision.
from time to time, changes in tax laws or regulations may be proposed or enacted that could adversely affect our overall tax liability. for example, the u.s. tax legislation enacted on december 22, 2017 represented a significant overhaul of the u.s. federal tax code that impacted our u.s. federal income tax position. there can be no assurance that changes in tax laws or regulations, both within the united states and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, will not materially and adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. similarly, changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties or the economy generally may also impact our financial condition and results of operations.
tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to varying interpretations, and we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative impact on our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the determination of our income tax provision and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. the ultimate tax determination may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our results of operations in the period or periods for which such determination is made. any significant failure to comply with applicable tax laws and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions could give rise to substantial penalties and liabilities. any changes in enacted tax laws (such as the recent u.s. tax legislation), rules or regulatory
- 25 -
or judicial interpretations; or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could materially and adversely impact our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations.
our insurance strategies may expose us to unexpected costs.
we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liability for workers' compensation; automobile and general liability; property, director and officers' liability; and employee healthcare benefits. provisions for losses related to self-insured risks generally are based upon actuarially determined estimates. any actuarial projection of losses is subject to a high degree of variability. substantial, unanticipated losses or liabilities, including those due to natural disasters or otherwise, as well as changes in legal claims, trends and interpretations, variability in inflation rates, changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to changes in applicable laws, insolvency of insurance carriers, and changes in discount rates could all materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we could be adversely impacted by changes in assumptions used in calculating pension assets and liabilities.
we operate certain defined benefit pension plans in the united kingdom, which were closed to new entrants in 2010, as well as smaller plans in other jurisdictions. the valuation of the pension plans' assets and liabilities depends in part on assumptions, which are primarily based on the financial markets as well as longevity and employee retention rates. this valuation is particularly sensitive to material changes in the value of equity, bond and other investments held by the pension plans, changes in the corporate bond yields which are used in the measurement of the liabilities, changes in market expectations for long-term price inflation, and new evidence on projected longevity rates. funding requirements and the impact on the statement of earnings relating to these pension plans are also influenced by these factors. adverse changes in the assumptions used to calculate the value of pension assets and liabilities, including lower than expected pension fund investment returns and/or increased life expectancy of plan participants, or regulatory change could require us to increase the funding of its defined benefit pension plans or incur higher expenses, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial position.
certain stockholders may have significant voting influence over matters requiring stockholder approval.
as of september 30, 2019, affiliates of stefano pessina, our executive vice chairman and chief executive officer (the "sp investors"), had sole or shared voting power, directly or indirectly, over an aggregate of approximately 16.2% of our outstanding common stock. the sp investors have agreed to, for so long as they have the right to designate a nominee for election to the board, to vote all of their shares of common stock in accordance with the board's recommendation on matters submitted to a vote of the company's stockholders (including with respect to the election of directors). the sp investors' significant interest in our common stock potentially could determine the outcome of matters submitted to a vote by our stockholders. the influence of the sp investors could result in the company taking actions that other stockholders do not support or failing to take actions that other stockholders support. as a result, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected.
conflicts of interest, or the appearance of conflicts of interest, may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also owners or directors of companies we may have dealings with.
conflicts of interest, or the appearance of conflicts of interest, could arise between our interests and the interests of the other entities and business activities in which our directors or officers are involved. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise if a dispute were to arise between the company and other parties to the company shareholders agreement (as defined herein), including the sp investors. mr. pessina, our executive vice chairman and chief executive officer, indirectly controls alliance santé participations s.a. ("asp"), a privately-held company which is a party to the company shareholders agreement, and he and his partner ornella barra, our co-chief operating officer, serve as directors of asp. there are other arrangements between affiliates of mr. pessina and the company, with required disclosures included in the company's annual proxy statement, including with respect to alliance healthcare italia spa, which is an entity indirectly owned and controlled by mr. pessina and in which the company has an indirect 9% interest, which operates boots branded stores in italy. conflicts of interest, or the appearance of conflicts of interest, or similar issues could arise in connection with these or other transactions in the future. while our contractual arrangements place restrictions on the parties' conduct in certain situations, and related party transactions are subject to independent review and approval in accordance with our related party transaction approval procedures and applicable law, the potential for a conflict of interest exists and such persons may have conflicts of interest, or the appearance of conflicts of interest, with respect to matters involving or affecting both companies.
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, delaware law and/or our agreements with certain stockholders may impede the ability of our stockholders to make changes to our board or impede a takeover.
- 26 -
certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of the delaware general corporation law (the "dgcl"), could make it difficult for stockholders to change the composition of the board or discourage, delay, or prevent a merger, consolidation, or acquisitions that stockholders may otherwise consider favorable. these provisions include the authorization of the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock that could be issued by the board, limitations on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings, and advance notice requirements for nomination for election to the board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. we are also subject to the provisions of section 203 of the dgcl, which prohibits us, except under specified circumstances, from engaging in any mergers, significant sales of stock or assets, or business combinations with any stockholder or group of stockholders who own 15% or more of our common stock.
under the company shareholders agreement, the sp investors are entitled to designate one nominee to the board (currently stefano pessina) for so long as the sp investors continue to meet certain beneficial ownership thresholds and subject to certain other conditions. pursuant to the company shareholders agreement, the sp investors have agreed that, for so long as they have the right to designate a nominee to the board, they will vote all of their shares of common stock in accordance with the board's recommendation on matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders (including with respect to the election of directors).
while these provisions do not make us immune from takeovers or changes in the composition of the board, and are intended to protect our stockholders from, among other things, coercive or otherwise unfair tactics, these provisions could have the effect of making it difficult for stockholders to change the composition of the board or discouraging, delaying, or preventing a merger, consolidation, or acquisitions that stockholders may otherwise consider favorable.
we cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be fully implemented or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value.
in june 2018, our board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $10 billion of our common stock. the repurchase program does not have an expiration date and we are not obligated to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares, on any particular timetable or at all. there can be no assurance that we will repurchase stock at favorable prices. the repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time and, even if fully implemented, may not enhance long-term stockholder value.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile.
the market price of shares of our common stock may be volatile. broad general economic, political, market and industry factors may adversely affect the market price of the shares, regardless of our actual operating performance. in addition to the other risk factors identified in this item 1a, factors that could cause fluctuations in the price of the shares include:
•   actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results and the results of competitors;
•   changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts that might cover us;
•   conditions or trends in the industry, including regulatory changes or changes in the securities marketplace;
•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures;
•   announcements of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us;
•   additions or departures of key personnel;
•   issuances or sales of our common stock (or the exercise of related registration rights), including sales of shares by our directors and officers or key investors, including the sp investors and certain other former alliance boots stockholders, subject to restrictions in the case of shares held by persons deemed to be our affiliates and to certain obligations pursuant to a shareholders agreement (as amended, the "company shareholders agreement") with certain of the sp investors; and
•   various other market factors or perceived market factors, including rumors or speculation, whether or not correct, involving or affecting us or our industries, vendors, customers, strategic partners or competitors.
there are a number of additional business risks that could materially and adversely affect our businesses and financial results.
- 27 -
many other factors could materially and adversely affect our businesses and financial results, including:
•   our ability to establish effective advertising, marketing and promotional programs;
•   inflation, new or increased taxes, adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in market conditions or otherwise;
•   natural disasters, civil unrest, severe weather conditions, terrorist activities, global political and economic developments, war, health epidemics or pandemics or the prospect of these events;
•   liabilities or expense relating to the protection of the environment, related health and safety matters, environmental remediation or compliance with environmental laws and regulations, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances;
•   the long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmacy industry in particular, along with changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy and the regulatory and other costs associated with energy production and delivery;
•   adverse publicity and potential losses, liabilities and reputational harm stemming from any public incident (whether occurring online, in social media, in our stores or other company facilities, or elsewhere) involving our company, our personnel or our brands, including any such public incident involving our customers, products, services, stores or other property, or those of any of our vendors or other parties with which we do business; and
•   negative publicity, even if unwarranted, related to safety or quality, human and workplace rights, or other issues damaging our brand image and corporate reputation, or that of any of our vendors or strategic allies.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of the company's financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere herein and the description of the company's business and reportable segments in item 1 above. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements. factors that might cause a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed under cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements below and in risk factors in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k. references herein to the "company," "we," "us," or "our" refer to walgreens boots alliance, inc. and its subsidiaries, and in each case do not include unconsolidated partially-owned entities, except as otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires.
certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements and associated notes may not add due to rounding. all percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts for fiscal 2019.
introduction and segments walgreens boots alliance, inc. ("walgreens boots alliance") and its subsidiaries are a global leader in retail and wholesale pharmacy. its operations are conducted through three reportable segments:
•   retail pharmacy usa;
•   retail pharmacy international; and
•   pharmaceutical wholesale see note 16, segment reporting and note 17, sales further information.
factors affecting our results and comparability the company has been, and we expect it to continue to be, affected by a number of factors that may cause actual results to differ from our current expectations. these factors include: financial performance of our equity method investees, including amerisourcebergen; the influence of certain holidays; seasonality; foreign currency rates; changes in vendor, payer and customer relationships and terms and associated reimbursement pressure; strategic transactions and acquisitions, including the acquisition of stores and other assets from rite aid; joint ventures and other strategic collaborations; changes in laws, including the u.s. tax law changes; changes in trade, tariffs, including trade relations between the united states and china, and international relations, including the uk's proposed withdrawal from the european union and its impact on our operations and prospects and those of our customers and counterparties; the timing and magnitude of cost reduction initiatives, including under our transformational cost management program (as defined below); fluctuations in variable costs; and general economic conditions in the markets in which the company operates. these and other factors can affect the company's operations and net earnings for any period and may cause such results not to be comparable to the same period in previous years. the results presented in this report are not necessarily indicative of future operating results.
transformational cost management program on december 20, 2018, the company announced a transformational cost management program that is expected to deliver in excess of $1.5 billion of annual cost savings by fiscal 2022 (the "transformational cost management program"). as of the date of this report, the company now expects to deliver in excess of $1.8 billion of annual cost savings by fiscal 2022. the transformational cost management program, which is multi-faceted and includes divisional optimization initiatives, global smart spending, global smart organization and the transformation of the company's information technology (it) capabilities, is designed to help the company achieve increased cost efficiencies. to date, the company has taken initial actions across all aspects of the transformational cost management program. the actions under the transformational cost management program focus on all reportable segments and the company's global functions. divisional optimization within each of the company's segments includes activities such as optimization of stores which includes plans to close approximately 200 stores in the united kingdom and approximately 200 locations in the united states.
the company currently estimates that the transformational cost management program will result in cumulative pre-tax charges to its gaap financial results of approximately $1.9 billion to $2.4 billion, of which $1.6 billion to $2.0 billion are expected to be recorded as exit and disposal activities. the company estimates that approximately 80% of the cumulative pre-tax charges relating to the transformational cost management program will result in future cash expenditures, primarily related to lease and other real estate payments, employee severance and technology costs related to the company's it transformation.
the company currently estimates that it will recognize aggregate pre-tax charges to its gaap financial results related to transformational cost management program as follows:
- 35 -
transformational cost program activities                        range of charges lease obligations and other real estate costs                $200 to 300 million asset impairments1                                           $400 to 500 million employee severance and business transition costs             $600 to 700 million information technology transformation and other exit costs   $400 to 500 million total cumulative pre-tax exit and disposal charges           $1.6 to 2.0 billion other it transformation costs                                $300 to 400 million total estimated pre-tax charges                              $1.9 to 2.4 billion
1 primarily related to asset write-offs from store closures, information technology and other asset write-offs.
in addition to the impacts discussed above, as a result of the actions related to store closures taken under the transformational cost management program, the company expects to record $508 million of transition adjustments to decrease retained earnings due to the adoption of the new lease accounting standard (topic 842) that became effective on september 1, 2019. see note 1, summary of major accounting policies, for additional information.
since the approval of the transformational cost management program, the company has recognized aggregate cumulative pre-tax charges to its financial results in accordance with gaap of $477 million, of which $432 million are recorded as exit and disposal activities. see note 3, exit and disposal activities, for additional information.
costs under the transformational cost management program, which were primarily recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses and included in the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019 were as follows (in millions):
twelve months ended august 31, 2019                               retail pharmacy usa          retail pharmacy international            pharmaceutical wholesale             walgreens boots alliance, inc.
lease obligations and other real estate costs                             $5                                 $19                                   $1                                      $25
asset impairments1                                                        95                                  67                                   98                                      260
employee severance and business transition costs                          42                                  34                                   49                                      125
information technology transformation and other exit costs                 5                                  10                                    7                                       22
total pre-tax exit and disposal charges                                 $147                                $130                                 $154                                     $432
other it transformation costs                                             42                                   3                                    1                                       45
total pre-tax charges                                                   $189                                $133                                 $155                                     $477
1 primarily includes write down of leasehold improvements, certain software and inventory.
transformational cost management program charges are recognized as the costs are incurred over time in accordance with gaap. the company treats charges related to the transformational cost management program as special items impacting comparability of results in its earnings disclosures.
the amounts and timing of all estimates are subject to change until finalized. the actual amounts and timing may vary materially based on various factors. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" below.
acquisition of certain rite aid assets on september 19, 2017, the company announced it had secured regulatory clearance for an amended and restated asset purchase agreement to purchase 1,932 stores, three distribution centers and related inventory from rite aid for $4.375 billion in cash and other consideration. the company has completed the acquisition of all 1,932 rite aid stores and the first distribution center and related inventory, while the transition of the remaining two distribution centers and related inventory remains subject to closing conditions set forth in the amended and restated asset purchase agreement.
the company expects to complete integration of the acquired stores and related assets by the end of fiscal 2020, at an estimated total cost of approximately $850 million, which is reported as acquisition-related costs. the company has recognized cumulative pre-tax charges for the fiscal year 2019 and 2018 of $295 million and $221 million, respectively, related to integration of the acquired stores and related assets. in addition, the company expects to spend approximately $500 million on store conversions and related activities. the company expects annual synergies from the transaction of more than $325 million,
- 36 -
which are expected to be fully realized within four years of the initial closing of this transaction and derived primarily from procurement, cost savings and other operational matters.
the amounts and timing of all estimates are subject to change until finalized. the actual amounts and timing may vary materially based on various factors. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" below.
store optimization program on october 24, 2017, the company's board of directors approved a plan to implement a program (the "store optimization program") to optimize store locations through the planned closure of approximately 600 stores and related assets within the company's retail pharmacy usa segment upon completion of the acquisition of certain stores and related assets from rite aid. as of the date of this report, the company expects to close approximately 750 stores, of which the majority have been closed as part of this program. the actions under the store optimization program commenced in march 2018 and are expected to be complete by the end of fiscal 2020. the store optimization program is expected to result in cost savings of approximately $350 million per year to be fully delivered by the end of fiscal 2020.
the company currently estimates that it will recognize cumulative pre-tax charges to its gaap financial results of approximately $350 million, including costs associated with lease obligations and other real estate costs and employee severance and other exit costs. the company expects to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $160 million for lease obligations and other real estate costs and approximately $190 million for employee severance and other exit costs. the company estimates that substantially all of these cumulative pre-tax charges will result in cash expenditures.
since approval of the store optimization program, the company has recognized cumulative pre-tax charges to its gaap financial results of $296 million, including $100 million for fiscal 2018 and $196 million for fiscal 2019, which were primarily recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses. cumulative pre-tax charges included $138 million related to lease obligations and other real estate costs and $158 million in employee severance and other exit costs.
store optimization program charges are recognized as the costs are incurred over time in accordance with gaap. the company treats charges related to the store optimization program as special items impacting comparability of results in its earnings disclosures.
the amounts and timing of all estimates are subject to change until finalized. the actual amounts and timing may vary materially based on various factors. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" below.
u.s. tax law changes in connection with the u.s. tax law changes enacted in december 2017 and in accordance with sec staff accounting bulletin 118, the company completed its analysis of the income tax effects of the u.s. tax law changes during the three months ended february 28, 2019. the incremental net tax benefit recorded upon completion of the analysis of the income tax effects of the u.s. tax law changes was not material to our consolidated financial statements.
while the company completed its analysis of the income tax effects of the u.s. tax law changes, the final impact of the u.s. tax law changes may differ from this analysis, due to, among other things, technical clarifications from the u.s. department of the treasury and the internal revenue service ("irs"), interpretations of the u.s. tax law changes and actions the company may take. the company will continue to evaluate the impact of any future authoritative guidance with respect to the u.s. tax law changes.
during 2019, the u.s. treasury department issued regulations to apply retroactively covering certain components of the 2017 u.s. tax law changes. certain guidance included in these regulations is inconsistent with the company's interpretation that led to the recognition of $247 million of tax benefits in prior periods. despite this new guidance, the company remains confident in its interpretation of the u.s. tax law changes and intends to defend this position through litigation, if necessary. however, if the company is ultimately unsuccessful in defending its position, it may be required to reverse all or a portion of the benefits previously recorded.
as the company repatriates the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries for use in the united states, the earnings from our foreign subsidiaries will generally not be subject to u.s. federal tax. the company continuously evaluates the amount of foreign earnings that are not necessary to be permanently reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries.
investment in amerisourcebergen
- 37 -
as of august 31, 2019, the company owned 56,854,867 shares of amerisourcebergen common stock (representing approximately 27% of its outstanding common stock) and may, subject to certain conditions, acquire up to an additional 8,398,752 amerisourcebergen shares in the open market.
the company accounts for its investment in amerisourcebergen using the equity method of accounting, subject to a two-month reporting lag, with the net earnings attributable to the investment classified within the operating income of the company's pharmaceutical wholesale segment. the financial performance of amerisourcebergen, including any charges which may arise relating to its ongoing opioid litigation, will impact the company's results of operations. additionally, a substantial and sustained decline in the price of amerisourcebergen's common stock could trigger an impairment evaluation of our investment. these considerations may materially and adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
for more information, see "business - relationship with amerisourcebergen" and note 5, equity method investments to the consolidated financial statements.
the impact of brexit in june 2016, voters in the united kingdom approved an advisory referendum to withdraw from the european union, which proposed exit (and the political, economic and other uncertainties it has raised) is commonly referred to as "brexit". since the brexit vote in june 2016, there has been significant volatility in the global stock markets and currency exchange rates, as well as challenging market conditions in the united kingdom. in march 2017, the united kingdom formally started the process to leave the european union. an original exit date was set for march 29, 2019 but following the uk parliament's rejection of a negotiated outcome, the leaders of the member countries of the european union have agreed to multiple extensions of the deadline for brexit and there can be no assurance regarding the terms, timing or consummation of any such arrangements. although we continue to actively monitor the ongoing potential impacts of brexit and will seek to minimize its impact on our business, if the uk's membership in the european union terminates without an agreement, these conditions could continue and there could be increased costs from tariffs on trade between the united kingdom and european union and disruptions to the free movement of goods, services and people between the united kingdom and the european union and other parties. further, uncertainty around and developments regarding these and related issues has contributed to deteriorating market conditions and could further adversely impact consumer and investor confidence and the economy of the united kingdom and the economies of other countries in which we operate and cause significant volatility in currency exchange rates. given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade, regulatory and legal implications the withdrawal of the united kingdom from the european union will have on our business, particularly european operations; however, brexit and its related effects could have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial position or operating results. for more information relating to this topic, see "risk factors-our substantial international business operations subject us to a number of operating, economic, political, regulatory and other international business risks."
executive summary the following table presents certain key financial statistics for the company for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017:
(in millions, except per share amounts)
2019                      2018                      2017
sales                                                                                             $136,866                  $131,537                  $118,214
gross profit                                                                                        30,076                    30,792                    29,162
selling, general and administrative expenses1                                                       25,242                    24,694                    23,813
equity earnings in amerisourcebergen                                                                   164                       191                       135
operating income1                                                                                    4,998                     6,289                     5,484
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)2                                                        6,942                     7,679                     7,467
earnings before interest and income tax provision                                                    5,231                     6,591                     5,546
net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc.                                          3,982                     5,024                     4,078
adjusted net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. (non-gaap measure)2             5,529                     5,985                     5,503
net earnings per common share - diluted                                                               4.31                      5.05                      3.78
adjusted net earnings per common share - diluted (non-gaap measure)2                                  5.99                      6.02                      5.10
- 38 -
percentage increases (decreases)
2019              2018              2017
sales                                                                                              4.1              11.3               0.7
gross profit                                                                                     (2.3)               5.6             (2.4)
selling, general and administrative expenses1                                                      2.2               3.7             (0.1)
operating income1                                                                               (20.5)              14.7             (9.7)
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)2                                                    (9.6)               2.8               2.6
earnings before interest and income tax provision                                               (20.6)              18.8             (3.4)
net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc.                                     (20.7)              23.2             (2.3)
adjusted net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. (non-gaap measure)2         (7.6)               8.8               9.9
net earnings per common share - diluted                                                         (14.6)              33.6             (1.0)
adjusted net earnings per common share - diluted (non-gaap measure)2                             (0.5)              18.0              11.1
percent to sales
2019        2018        2017
gross margin                                        22.0        23.4        24.7
selling, general and administrative expenses1       18.4        18.8        20.1
1   the company adopted asu 2017-07, compensation - retirement benefits (topic 715) as of september 1, 2018 (fiscal 2019) on a retrospective basis. the impact on our previously reported net periodic costs as a result of the retrospective adoption of this standard results in a reclassification from selling, general and administrative expenses to other income of $125 million and $73 million, for the fiscal years ended august 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. see note 1, summary of major accounting policies, for additional information.
2   see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap and related disclosures.
walgreens boots alliance results of operations the following information summarizes our results of operations for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. for discussion related to the results of operations by segment for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our fiscal 2018 form 10-k, which was filed with the united states securities and exchange commission on october 11, 2018.
fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
fiscal 2019 net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance decreased 20.7 percent to $4.0 billion, while diluted net earnings per share decreased 14.6 percent to $4.31 compared with the prior year. the decrease primarily reflects operating performance, including costs related to the company's transformational cost management program, partially offset by certain legal and regulatory accruals in the prior year. diluted net earnings per share was positively affected by a lower number of shares outstanding compared with the prior year. net earnings and diluted earnings per share were negatively by 0.8 percentage points and 0.9 percentage points, respectively, as a result of currency translation.
other income for fiscal 2019 was $233 million compared to $302 million for fiscal 2018. other income for fiscal 2019 primarily reflects gains resulting from the termination of the option granted to rite aid to become a member of the company's group purchasing organization. results for fiscal 2018 primarily reflect the gain on sale of the company's equity interest in premise health holding corp, partially offset by the impairment of the company's equity method investment in guangzhou pharmaceuticals corporation in the prior year period.
interest was a net expense of $704 million and $616 million in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 and 2018 was 13.0% and 16.7%, respectively. the net decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the reduced u.s. statutory tax rate as a result of the u.s tax law changes.
adjusted diluted net earnings per share (non-gaap measure) fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
- 39 -
adjusted net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance in fiscal 2019 decreased 7.6 percent to $5.5 billion compared with the prior year. adjusted diluted net earnings per share in fiscal 2019 decreased 0.5 percent to $5.99 compared with the prior year. adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted earnings per share were negatively impacted by 0.9 percentage points and 1.0 percentage points, respectively, as a result of currency translation.
excluding the impact of currency translation, the decrease in adjusted net earnings for fiscal 2019 primarily reflects a decrease in operating performance, partly offset by a decrease in the adjusted effective tax rate. adjusted diluted net earnings per share was positively affected by a lower number of shares outstanding compared with the prior year. see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap and related disclosures.
results of operations by segment the following information summarizes our results of operations by segment for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. for discussion related to the results of operations by segment for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our fiscal 2018 form 10-k, which was filed with the united states securities and exchange commission on october 11, 2018.
retail pharmacy usa this division comprises the retail pharmacy business operating in the united states.
(in millions, except location amounts)
2019                    2018                    2017
sales                                                    $104,532                 $98,392                 $87,302
gross profit                                               23,511                  23,758                  22,450
selling, general and administrative expenses1              19,424                  18,971                  18,356
operating income1                                           4,088                   4,787                   4,094
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1,2             5,255                   5,814                   5,606
number of prescriptions3                                    843.7                   823.1                   764.4
30-day equivalent prescriptions3,4                        1,150.1                 1,094.4                   989.7
number of locations at period end                           9,285                   9,569                   8,109
percentage increases (decreases)
2019              2018              2017
sales                                                     6.2              12.7               4.2
gross profit                                            (1.0)               5.8               0.6
selling, general and administrative expenses1             2.4               3.4               2.5
operating income1                                      (14.6)              16.9             (7.3)
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1,2         (9.6)               3.7               4.4
comparable store sales5                                   2.0               1.5               2.8
pharmacy sales                                            8.6              17.2               7.3
comparable pharmacy sales5                                4.0               3.4               4.7
retail sales                                                -               2.4             (2.4)
comparable retail sales5                                (2.4)             (2.4)             (1.0)
comparable number of prescriptions4,5                   (0.1)               0.8               4.0
comparable 30-day equivalent prescriptions3,4,5           3.0               3.5               7.1
percent to sales
2019        2018        2017
gross margin                                        22.5        24.1        25.7
selling, general and administrative expenses1       18.6        19.3        21.0
- 40 -
1   the company adopted asu 2017-07 topic 715 as of september 1, 2018 (fiscal 2019) on a retrospective basis. the impact for retail pharmacy usa on our previously reported net periodic costs as a result of the retrospective adoption of this standard results in a reclassification from selling, general and administrative expenses to other income (expense) of $109 million and $101 million, for the fiscal years ended august 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. see note 1, summary of major accounting policies, for additional information.
2   see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap and related disclosures.
3   includes immunizations.
4   includes the adjustment to convert prescriptions greater than 84 days to the equivalent of three 30-day prescriptions. this adjustment reflects that these prescriptions include approximately three times the amount of product days supplied compared to a normal prescription.
5   comparable stores are defined as those that have been open for at least twelve consecutive months without closure for seven or more consecutive days and without a major remodel or being subject to a natural disaster in the past twelve months. relocated stores are not included as comparable stores for the first twelve months after the relocation. acquired stores are not included as comparable stores for the first twelve months after acquisition or conversion, when applicable, whichever is later. the method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. as a result, our method of calculating comparable sales may not be the same as other retailers' methods.
sales fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
the retail pharmacy usa division's sales for fiscal 2019 increased by 6.2% to $104.5 billion. sales in comparable stores increased by 2.0% in fiscal 2019. the company operated 9,285 locations (9,277 retail stores) as of august 31, 2019, compared to 9,569 locations (9,560 retail stores) a year earlier.
pharmacy sales increased by 8.6% in fiscal 2019 and represented 73.8% of the division's sales. the increase in fiscal 2019 is due to higher brand inflation and growth in central specialty and reflects the impact of the acquired rite aid stores. in fiscal 2018, pharmacy sales increased 17.2% and represented 72.2% of the division's sales. comparable pharmacy sales increased 4.0% in fiscal 2019 compared to an increase of 3.4% in fiscal 2018. the effect of generic drugs, which have a lower retail price, replacing brand name drugs reduced prescription sales by 1.2% in fiscal 2019 compared to a reduction of 1.4% in fiscal 2018. the effect of generics on division sales was a reduction of 0.8% in fiscal 2019 compared to a reduction of 0.9% for fiscal 2018. third-party sales, where reimbursement is received from managed care organizations, governmental agencies, employers or private insurers, were 97.1% of prescription sales for fiscal 2019 compared to 98.3% for fiscal 2018. the total number of prescriptions (including immunizations) filled in fiscal 2019 was 843.7 million compared to 823.1 million in fiscal 2018. prescriptions (including immunizations) adjusted to 30-day equivalents were 1,150.1 million in fiscal 2019 compared to 1,094.4 million in fiscal 2018.
retail sales were flat in fiscal 2019 and were 26.2% of the division's sales. in comparison, fiscal 2018 retail sales increased 2.4% and comprised 27.8% of the division's sales. comparable retail sales decreased 2.4% in each of fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018. the decrease in comparable retail sales in fiscal 2019 was primarily due to the continued de-emphasis of tobacco.
operating income fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
retail pharmacy usa division's operating income for fiscal 2019 decreased 14.6% to $4.1 billion. the decrease was primarily due to lower gross margin partially offset by a reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales.
gross margin was 22.5% in fiscal 2019 compared to 24.1% in fiscal 2018. gross margin was negatively impacted in the current fiscal year by pharmacy margins, which were negatively impacted by reimbursement pressure. the decrease in pharmacy margins was partially offset by the favorable impact of procurement efficiencies.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were 18.6% in fiscal 2019 compared to 19.3% in fiscal 2018. as a percentage of sales, expenses in the current fiscal year were lower primarily due to a higher mix of specialty sales and lower expenses related to certain legal and regulatory accruals in the prior year.
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure) fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
retail pharmacy usa division's adjusted operating income for fiscal 2019 decreased 9.6% to $5.3 billion. the decrease was primarily due to lower gross margins partially offset by a reduction in selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales. see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap and related disclosures.
- 41 -
retail pharmacy international this division comprises retail pharmacy businesses operating in countries outside of the united states and in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the british pound sterling, euro, chilean peso and mexican peso. therefore, the division's results are impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates. see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, for further information on currency risk.
(in millions, except location amounts)
2019                    2018                    2017
sales                                                   $11,462                 $12,281                 $11,813
gross profit                                              4,522                   4,958                   4,753
selling, general and administrative expenses1             4,084                   4,134                   3,982
operating income1                                           438                     824                     771
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1,2             747                     929                     939
number of locations at period end                         4,605                   4,767                   4,722
percentage increases (decreases)
2019                     2018              2017
sales                                                     (6.7)               4.0            (10.9)
gross profit                                              (8.8)               4.3            (12.5)
selling, general and administrative expenses1             (1.2)               3.8             (8.4)
operating income1                                        (46.8)               6.9            (29.1)
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1,2          (19.6)             (1.1)            (22.6)
comparable store sales3                                   (6.4)               4.7            (10.6)
comparable store sales in constant currency3,4            (1.7)             (1.4)             (0.2)
pharmacy sales                                            (6.4)               4.3            (10.5)
comparable pharmacy sales3                                (5.7)               4.7            (10.7)
comparable pharmacy sales in constant currency3,4         (0.9)             (1.2)             (1.0)
retail sales                                              (6.8)               3.8            (11.1)
comparable retail sales3                                  (6.8)               4.7            (10.6)
comparable retail sales in constant currency3,4           (2.2)             (1.5)               0.2
percent to sales
2019        2018        2017
gross margin                                        39.5        40.4        40.2
selling, general and administrative expenses1       35.6        33.7        33.7
1   the company adopted asu 2017-07, compensation - retirement benefits (topic 715) as of september 1, 2018 (fiscal 2019) on a retrospective basis. the impact for retail pharmacy international on our previously reported net periodic costs as a result of the retrospective adoption of this standard results in a reclassification from selling, general and administrative expenses to other income (expense) of $18 million and $(30) million, for the fiscal years ended august 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. see note 1, summary of major accounting policies, for additional information.
2   see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap and related disclosures.
3   comparable stores are defined as those that have been open for at least twelve consecutive months without closure for seven or more consecutive days and without a major remodel or being subject to a natural disaster in the past twelve months. relocated stores are not included as comparable stores for the first twelve months after the relocation. acquired stores are not included as comparable stores for the first twelve months after acquisition or conversion, when applicable, whichever is later. the method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. as a result, our method of calculating comparable sales may not be the same as other retailers' methods.
- 42 -
4   the company presents certain information related to current period operating results in "constant currency," which is a non-gaap financial measure. these amounts are calculated by translating current period results at the foreign currency exchange rates used in the comparable period in the prior year. the company presents such constant currency financial information because it has significant operations outside of the united states reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and this presentation provides a framework to assess how its business performed excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. see "--non-gaap measures" below.
sales fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
retail pharmacy international division's sales for fiscal 2019 decreased 6.7% to $11.5 billion. sales in comparable stores decreased 6.4%. the negative impact of currency translation on sales and comparable sales was 4.6 percentage points, and 4.7 percentage points, respectively, and comparable store sales in constant currency decreased 1.7%.
pharmacy sales decreased 6.4% in fiscal 2019 and represented 35.6% of the division's sales. comparable pharmacy sales decreased 5.7%. the negative impact of currency translation on pharmacy sales and comparable pharmacy sales was 4.8 percentage points and 4.8 percentage points, respectively. comparable pharmacy sales in constant currency decreased 0.9 percentage points mainly due to lower national health service funding levels and lower volume in boots uk.
retail sales decreased 6.8% for fiscal 2019 and represented 64.4% of the division's sales. comparable retail sales decreased 6.8%. the negative impact of currency translation on each of retail sales and comparable retail sales was 4.5 percentage points and 4.6 percentage points respectively. comparable retail sales in constant currency decreased 2.2% reflecting lower boots uk retail sales in a challenging market place.
operating income fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
retail pharmacy international division's operating income for fiscal 2019 decreased 46.8% to $438 million. operating income was negatively impacted by 2.8 percentage points ($23 million) of currency translation. excluding the impact of currency translation, the decrease in operating income was primarily due to lower sales and gross margin. the remaining decrease is due to higher selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales, which includes $89 million of transformational cost management program expenses and $73 million of impairment for indefinite-lived pharmacy licenses.
gross profit decreased 8.8% in fiscal 2019. gross profit was negatively impacted by 4.4 percentage points ($219 million) of currency translation, the remaining decrease was mainly due lower sales and gross margin.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.2% from fiscal 2018. expenses were positively impacted by 4.7 percentage points ($196 million) as a result of currency translation. as a percentage of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 35.6% in fiscal 2019, compared to 33.7% in the prior fiscal year.
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure) fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
retail pharmacy international division's adjusted operating income for fiscal 2019 decreased 19.6% to $747 million. adjusted operating income was negatively impacted by 3.4 percentage points ($31 million) of currency translation. excluding the impact of currency translation, the decrease in adjusted operating income was primarily due to lower gross margin and higher selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales and lower sales. see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap and related disclosures.
pharmaceutical wholesale this division includes pharmaceutical wholesale businesses operating in currencies other than the u.s. dollar including the british pound sterling, euro and turkish lira. therefore, the division's results are impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates. see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, for further information on currency risk.
(in millions)
2019                2018                2017
sales                                                   $23,053             $23,006             $21,188
gross profit                                              2,041               2,081               1,965
selling, general and administrative expenses1             1,734               1,594               1,481
equity earnings from amerisourcebergen                      164                 191                 135
operating income1                                           471                 678                 619
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1,2             939                 936                 922
- 43 -
percentage increases (decreases)
2019              2018              2017
sales                                                     0.2               8.6             (6.1)
gross profit                                            (1.9)               5.9             (7.8)
selling, general and administrative expenses1             8.8               7.6             (6.7)
equity earnings from amerisourcebergen                 (14.2)              41.5             264.9
operating income1                                      (30.4)               9.5               6.7
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1,2           0.4               1.5              30.0
comparable sales3                                         0.2               8.6             (3.9)
comparable sales in constant currency3,4                  8.0               4.2               4.7
percent to sales
2019        2018        2017
gross margin                                         8.9         9.0         9.3
selling, general and administrative expenses1        7.5         6.9         7.0
1   the company adopted asu 2017-07, compensation - retirement benefits (topic 715) as of september 1, 2018 (fiscal 2019) on a retrospective basis. the impact for pharmaceutical wholesale on our previously reported net periodic costs as a result of the retrospective adoption of this standard results in a reclassification from selling, general and administrative expenses to other income (expense) of $(2) million and $2 million, for the fiscal years ended august 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. see note 1, summary of major accounting policies, for additional information.
2   see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap and related disclosures.
3   comparable sales are defined as sales excluding acquisitions and dispositions.
4   the company presents certain information related to current period operating results in "constant currency," which is a non-gaap financial measure. these amounts are calculated by translating current period results at the foreign currency exchange rates used in the comparable period in the prior year. the company presents such constant currency financial information because it has significant operations outside of the united states reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and this presentation provides a framework to assess how its business performed excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. see "--non-gaap measures" below.
sales fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
pharmaceutical wholesale division's sales for the fiscal 2019 increased 0.2% to $23.1 billion. comparable sales, which exclude acquisitions and dispositions, increased 0.2%.
sales and comparable sales were negatively impacted by 7.8 percentage points as a result of currency translation. comparable sales in constant currency increased 8.0%, reflecting a customer contract change in the uk and growth in emerging markets.
operating income fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
pharmaceutical wholesale division's operating income for fiscal 2019, which included $164 million from the company's share of equity earnings in amerisourcebergen, decreased 30.4% to $471 million. operating income was negatively impacted by 6.1 percentage points ($41 million) as a result of currency translation. the remaining decrease was due to costs related to the transformational cost management program in fiscal 2019.
gross profit decreased 1.9% from the prior fiscal year. gross profit was negatively impacted by 7.2 percentage points ($149 million) as a result of currency translation. excluding the impact of currency translation, the increase in gross profit was primarily due to sales growth, partially offset by lower gross margin.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 8.8% from the prior fiscal year. selling, general and administrative expenses were positively impacted by 6.8 percentage points ($108 million) as a result of currency translation. excluding the impact of currency translation, the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to costs related to the transformational cost management program. as a percentage of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.5% in fiscal 2019, compared to 6.9% in fiscal 2018.
- 44 -
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure) fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
pharmaceutical wholesale division's adjusted operating income for fiscal 2019, which included $397 million from the company's share of adjusted equity earnings in amerisourcebergen, increased 0.4% to $939 million. adjusted operating income was negatively impacted by 5.5 percentage points ($51 million) as a result of currency translation.
excluding the contribution from the company's share of adjusted equity earnings in amerisourcebergen and the negative impact of currency translation, adjusted operating income increased 4.3% ($25 million) over the prior fiscal year, primarily due to higher sales and lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales, partially offset by lower gross margin. see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap and related disclosures.
non-gaap measures the following information provides reconciliations of the supplemental non-gaap financial measures, as defined under the rules of the securities and exchange commission, presented herein to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. the company has provided the non-gaap financial measures, which are not calculated or presented in accordance with gaap, as supplemental information and in addition to the financial measures that are calculated and presented in accordance with gaap.
these supplemental non-gaap financial measures are presented because the company's management has evaluated its financial results both including and excluding the adjusted items or the effects of foreign currency translation, as applicable, and believes that the supplemental non-gaap financial measures presented provide additional perspective and insights when analyzing the core operating performance of the company from period to period and trends in its historical operating results. these supplemental non-gaap financial measures should not be considered superior to, as a substitute for or as an alternative to, and should be considered in conjunction with, the gaap financial measures presented.
the company also presents certain information related to current period operating results in "constant currency," which is a non-gaap financial measure. these amounts are calculated by translating current period results at the foreign currency exchange rates used in the comparable period in the prior year. the company presents such constant currency financial information because it has significant operations outside of the united states reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and such presentation provides a framework to assess how its business performed excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
(in millions)
twelve months ended august 31, 2019
retail pharmacy usa       retail pharmacy international           pharmaceutical wholesale             eliminations                   walgreens boots alliance, inc.
operating income (gaap)1                                              $4,088                $438                                    $471                                 $1                                        $4,998
acquisition-related amortization and impairment2                         315                                  173                                    78                  -                                            567
transformational cost management                                         189                                  133                                   155                  -                                            477
acquisition-related costs                                                300                                    3                                     1                  -                                            303
adjustments to equity earnings in amerisourcebergen                        -                -                                                       233                  -                                            233
store optimization                                                       196                -                                       -                                    -                                            196
lifo provision                                                           136                -                                       -                                    -                                            136
certain legal and regulatory accruals and settlements3                    31                -                                       -                                    -                                             31
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1                         $5,255                $747                                    $939                                 $1                                        $6,942
- 45 -
(in millions)
twelve months ended august 31, 2018
retail pharmacy usa       retail pharmacy international           pharmaceutical wholesale             eliminations                   walgreens boots alliance, inc.
operating income (gaap)1                                              $4,787                $824                                    $678                                 $-                                        $6,289
acquisition-related amortization                                         260            105                                     83                                       -                                            448
acquisition-related costs                                                231                -                                       -                                    -                                            231
adjustments to equity earnings in amerisourcebergen                        -                -                                   175                                      -                                            175
store optimization                                                       100                -                                       -                                    -                                            100
lifo provision                                                            84                -                                       -                                    -                                             84
certain legal and regulatory accruals and settlements3                   284                -                                       -                                    -                                            284
asset recovery                                                           (15        )       -                                       -                                    -                                            (15            )
hurricane-related costs                                                   83                -                                       -                                    -                                             83
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1                         $5,814                $929                                    $936                                 $-                                        $7,679
(in millions)
twelve months ended august 31, 2017
retail pharmacy usa       retail pharmacy international           pharmaceutical wholesale             eliminations                   walgreens boots alliance, inc.
operating income (gaap)1                                           $4,094                $771                                    $619                                 $-                                        $5,484
acquisition-related amortization                                      152            101                                                          79                  -                                            332
acquisition-related costs                                             474                -                                       -                                    -                                            474
adjustments to equity earnings in amerisourcebergen                     -                -                                                       187                  -                                            187
lifo provision                                                        166                -                                       -                                    -                                            166
asset recovery                                                        (11        )       -                                       -                                    -                                            (11            )
cost transformation                                                   731            67                                                           37                  -                                            835
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)1                      $5,606                $939                                    $922                                 $-                                        $7,467
1   the company adopted new accounting guidance in accounting standards update 2017-07 as of september 1, 2018 (fiscal 2019) on a retrospective basis for the consolidated statements of earnings presentation. this change resulted in reclassification of all the other net cost components (excluding service cost component) of net pension cost and net postretirement benefit cost from selling, general and administrative expenses to other income (expense) with no impact on the company's net earnings.
2   includes impairment of $73 million for indefinite-lived pharmacy licenses intangible asset recorded during the three months ended august 31, 2019, in the boots reporting unit within the retail pharmacy international segment.
3   beginning in the quarter ended august 31, 2018, management reviewed and refined its practice to include all charges related to the matters included in certain legal and regulatory accruals and settlements. this non-gaap measure is presented on a consistent basis for fiscal year 2019.
- 46 -
(in millions)
2019                2018                2017
net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. (gaap)                               $3,982              $5,024              $4,078
adjustments to operating income:
acquisition-related amortization and impairment1                                                    567                 448                 332
transformational cost management                                                                    477                   -                   -
acquisition-related costs                                                                           303                 231                 474
adjustments to equity earnings in amerisourcebergen                                                 233                 175                 187
store optimization                                                                                  196                 100                   -
lifo provision                                                                                      136                  84                 166
certain legal and regulatory accruals and settlements2                                               31                 284                   -
asset recovery                                                                                        -                 (15   )               -
hurricane-related costs                                                                               -                  83                 (11   )
cost transformation                                                                                   -                   -                 835
total adjustments to operating income                                                             1,944               1,390               1,983
adjustments to other income (expense):
net investment hedging loss (gain)                                                                   18                 (21   )              48
gain on sale of equity method investment                                                              -                (322   )               -
impairment of equity method investment                                                                -                 178                   -
termination of option granted to rite aid                                                          (173   )               -                   -
total adjustments to other income (expense)                                                        (155   )            (165   )              48
adjustments to interest expense, net:
prefunded acquisition financing costs                                                                 -                  29                 203
total adjustments to interest expense, net                                                            -                  29                 203
adjustments to income tax provision:
equity method non-cash tax                                                                           18                  25                  23
u.s. tax law changes3                                                                                (8   )            (125   )               -
tax impact of adjustments4                                                                         (291   )            (193   )            (755   )
uk tax rate change3                                                                                   -                   -                 (77   )
total adjustments to income tax provision                                                          (281   )            (293   )            (809   )
adjustments to post tax equity earnings from other equity method investments:
adjustments to equity earnings in other equity method investments5                                   40                   -                   -
total adjustments to post tax equity earnings from other equity method investments                   40                   -                   -
adjusted net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. (non-gaap measure)          $5,529              $5,985              $5,503
- 47 -
2019              2018                2017
diluted net earnings per common share (gaap)                                         $4.31             $5.05               $3.78
adjustments to operating income                                                       2.10              1.40                1.84
adjustments to other income (expense)                                                (0.17   )         (0.17   )            0.04
adjustments to interest expense, net                                                     -              0.03                0.19
adjustments to income tax provision                                                  (0.30   )         (0.29   )           (0.75   )
adjustments to post tax equity earnings from other equity method investments          0.04                 -                   -
adjusted diluted net earnings per common share (non-gaap measure)                    $5.99             $6.02               $5.10
weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted                                  923.5             995.0             1,078.5
1   includes impairment of $73 million for indefinite-lived pharmacy licenses intangible asset recorded during the three months ended august 31, 2019, in the boots reporting unit within the retail pharmacy international segment.
2   beginning in the quarter ended august 31, 2018, management reviewed and refined its practice to include all charges related to the matters included in certain legal and regulatory accruals and settlements. this non-gaap measure is presented on a consistent basis for fiscal year 2019.
3   discrete tax-only items.
4   represents the adjustment to the gaap basis tax provision commensurate with non-gaap adjustments.
5   beginning in the quarter ended may 31, 2019, management reviewed and refined its practice to reflect the proportionate share of certain equity method investees' non-cash items or unusual or infrequent items consistent with the company's non-gaap measures in order to provide investors with a comparable view of performance across periods. these adjustments include acquisition-related amortization and acquisition-related costs and were immaterial for the prior periods presented. although the company may have shareholder rights and board representation commensurate with its ownership interests in these equity method investees, adjustments relating to equity method investments are not intended to imply that the company has direct control over their operations and resulting revenue and expenses. moreover, these non-gaap financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all revenue and expenses of these equity method investees.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents were $1.0 billion (including $0.4 billion in non-u.s. jurisdictions) as of august 31, 2019, compared to $0.8 billion (including $0.2 billion in non-u.s. jurisdictions) at august 31, 2018. short-term investment objectives are primarily to minimize risk and maintain liquidity. to attain these objectives, investment limits are placed on the amount, type and issuer of securities. investments are principally in u.s. treasury money market funds and aaa-rated money market funds.
the company's long-term capital policy is to maintain a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, reinvest in its core strategies, invest in strategic opportunities that reinforce its core strategies and meet return requirements and return surplus cash flow to stockholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the long term. in july 2019, the company's board of directors reviewed and refined the company's dividend policy to set forth the company's current intention to increase its dividend each year.
cash provided by operations and the incurrence of debt are the principal sources of funds for expansion, investments, acquisitions, remodeling programs, dividends to stockholders and stock repurchases. net cash provided by operating activities was $5.6 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to $8.3 billion in fiscal 2018 and $7.3 billion in fiscal 2017. the $2.7 billion decrease in cash provided by operating activities includes cash outflows relating to the integration of rite aid stores, timing of certain legal and regulatory settlements and higher income taxes paid. changes in income taxes paid are mainly due to the impact of u.s. tax law changes. changes in accrued expenses and other liabilities, trade accounts payable and trade accounts receivables include cash outflows relating to the integration of rite aid stores. changes in accrued expenses and other liabilities also include the impact of certain legal and regulatory settlements.
net cash used for investing activities was $2.3 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to $5.5 billion in fiscal 2018 and $0.8 billion in fiscal 2017. business, investment and asset acquisitions in fiscal 2019 were $0.7 billion compared to $4.8 billion in fiscal 2018. business, investment and asset acquisitions in fiscal 2018 include the acquisition of rite aid assets and the investment in guoda. additions to property, plant and equipment in fiscal 2019 were $1.7 billion compared to $1.4 billion in each of fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. capital expenditures by reporting segment were as follows (in millions):
- 48 -
2019                2018                2017
retail pharmacy usa                    $1,323              $1,022                $860
retail pharmacy international             275                 241                 384
pharmaceutical wholesale                  104                 104                 107
total                                  $1,702              $1,367              $1,351
significant capital expenditures primarily relate to investments in our stores, integration of rite aid and information technology projects.
net cash used for financing activities in fiscal 2019 was $3.0 billion compared to $5.3 billion in fiscal 2018 and $12.9 billion in fiscal 2017. the company repurchased shares as part of the stock repurchase programs described below and to support the needs of the employee stock plans totaling $4.2 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to $5.2 billion in each of fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. proceeds related to employee stock plans were $174 million in each of fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 compared to $217 million in fiscal 2017. cash dividends paid were $1.6 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to $1.7 billion in each of fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. in fiscal 2019 there were $12.4 billion in proceeds compared to $5.9 billion in proceeds in fiscal 2018 primarily from revolving facilities described below and commercial paper debt. there were no proceeds from debt in fiscal 2017. in fiscal 2019 there were $10.5 billion payments of debt made primarily for revolving facilities and commercial paper debt compared to $4.9 billion in fiscal 2018 and $6.2 billion in fiscal 2017.
the company believes that cash flow from operations, availability under existing credit facilities and arrangements, current cash and investment balances and the ability to obtain other financing, if necessary, will provide adequate cash funds for the foreseeable working capital needs, capital expenditures at existing facilities, pending acquisitions, dividend payments and debt service obligations for at least the next 12 months. the company's cash requirements are subject to change as business conditions warrant and opportunities arise. the timing and size of any new business ventures or acquisitions that the company may complete may also impact its cash requirements.
see item 7a, qualitative and quantitative disclosures about market risk, below for a discussion of certain financing and market risks.
stock repurchase programs in april 2017, walgreens boots alliance authorized a stock repurchase program (the "april 2017 stock repurchase program"), which authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of walgreens boots alliance common stock prior to the program's expiration on december 31, 2017. in may 2017, the company completed the april 2017 stock repurchase program, purchasing 11.8 million shares. in june 2017, walgreens boots alliance authorized a stock repurchase program, which authorized the repurchase of up to $5.0 billion of walgreens boots alliance common stock prior to the program's expiration on august 31, 2018, which authorization was increased by an additional $1.0 billion in october 2017 (as expanded, the "june 2017 stock repurchase program"). in october 2017, the company completed the june 2017 stock repurchase program, purchasing 77.4 million shares. in june 2018, walgreens boots alliance authorized a stock repurchase program (the "june 2018 stock repurchase program"), which authorized the repurchase of up to $10.0 billion of walgreens boots alliance common stock of which the company had repurchased $6.5 billion as of august 31, 2019. the june 2018 stock repurchase program has no specified expiration date.
the company purchased 57 million and 72 million shares under stock repurchase programs in fiscal 2019 and 2018 at a cost of $3.8 billion and $4.9 billion, respectively. the company determines the timing and amount of repurchases, including repurchases to offset anticipated dilution from equity incentive plans, based on its assessment of various factors, including prevailing market conditions, alternate uses of capital, liquidity and the economic environment. the company has repurchased, and may from time to time in the future repurchase, shares on the open market through rule 10b5-1 plans, which enable the company to repurchase shares at times when it otherwise might be precluded from doing so under federal securities laws.
commercial paper the company periodically borrows under its commercial paper program and may continue to borrow under it in future periods. the company had $2,400 million commercial paper outstanding as of august 31, 2019 and $430 million as of august 31, 2018. the company had average daily commercial paper outstanding of $2.7 billion and $1.4 billion at a weighted average interest rate of 3.07% and 2.11% for the fiscal years ended august 31, 2019 and 2018 respectively. the company had no activity under its commercial paper program during fiscal year 2017.
financing actions
- 49 -
on june 1, 2016, walgreens boots alliance issued in an underwritten public offering $1.2 billion of 1.750% notes due 2018 (the "2018 notes"), $1.5 billion of 2.600% notes due 2021 (the "2021 notes"), $0.8 billion of 3.100% notes due 2023 (the "2023 notes"), $1.9 billion of 3.450% notes due 2026 (the "2026 notes") and $0.6 billion of 4.650% notes due 2046 (the "2046 notes"). because the merger with rite aid was not consummated on or prior to june 1, 2017, the 2018 notes, the 2021 notes and the 2023 notes were redeemed on june 5, 2017 under the special mandatory redemption terms of the indenture governing such notes. the 2026 notes and 2046 notes remain outstanding in accordance with their respective terms.
on february 1, 2017, walgreens boots alliance entered into a $1.0 billion revolving credit facility (as amended, the "february 2017 revolving credit agreement") with the lenders from time to time party thereto and, on august 1, 2017, walgreens boots alliance entered into an amendment agreement thereto. on january 31, 2019, the february 2017 revolving credit agreement matured and the company paid all amounts due in connection therewith.
on august 24, 2017, walgreens boots alliance entered into a $1.0 billion revolving credit agreement with the lenders from time to time party thereto (the "august 2017 revolving credit agreement") and a $1.0 billion term loan credit agreement with sumitomo mitsui banking corporation (the "2017 term loan credit agreement"). on november 30, 2018, in connection with the entrance into the november 2018 credit agreement (described below), walgreens boots alliance terminated the 2017 term loan credit agreement in accordance with its terms and as of such date paid all amounts due in connection therewith. on january 31, 2019, the august 2017 revolving credit agreement matured and the company paid all amounts due in connection therewith.
on august 29, 2018, walgreens boots alliance entered into a revolving credit agreement (the "august 2018 revolving credit agreement") with the lenders and letter of credit issuers from time to time party thereto. the august 2018 revolving credit agreement is an unsecured revolving credit facility with an aggregate commitment in the amount of $3.5 billion, with a letter of credit subfacility commitment amount of $500 million. the facility termination date is the earlier of (a) august 29, 2023, subject to extension thereof pursuant to the august 2018 revolving credit agreement and (b) the date of termination in whole of the aggregate amount of the revolving commitments pursuant to the august 2018 revolving credit agreement. borrowings under the august 2018 revolving credit agreement will bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at walgreens boots alliance's option, the alternate base rate or the eurocurrency rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin calculated based on walgreens boots alliance's credit ratings. as of august 31, 2019, there were no borrowings under the august 2018 revolving credit agreement.
on november 30, 2018, walgreens boots alliance entered into a credit agreement (as amended the "november 2018 credit agreement") with the lenders from time to time party thereto and, on march 25, 2019, the company entered into an amendment to such credit agreement reflecting certain changes to the borrowing notice provisions thereto. the november 2018 credit agreement includes a $500 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility and a $500 million senior unsecured term loan facility. the facility termination date is, with respect to the revolving credit facility, the earlier of (a) may 30, 2020 and (b) the date of termination in whole of the aggregate amount of the revolving commitments pursuant to the november 2018 credit agreement and, with respect to the term loan facility, the earlier of (a) may 30, 2020 and (b) the date of acceleration of all term loans pursuant to the november 2018 credit agreement. borrowings under the november 2018 credit agreement will bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at walgreens boots alliance's option, the alternate base rate or the eurocurrency rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin calculated based on walgreens boots alliance's credit ratings. as of august 31, 2019, there were $0.5 billion of borrowings under the november 2018 credit agreement.
on december 5, 2018, walgreens boots alliance entered into a $1.0 billion term loan credit agreement (as amended, the "december 2018 credit agreement") with the lenders from time to time party thereto and, on august 9, 2019, the company entered into an amendment to such credit agreement to permit the company to borrow, repay and reborrow amounts borrowed thereunder prior to the maturity date. the december 2018 credit agreement is a senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a facility termination date of the earlier of (a) january 29, 2021, subject to extension thereof pursuant to the december 2018 credit agreement and (b) the date of termination in whole of the aggregate amount of the commitments pursuant to the december 2018 credit agreement. borrowings under the december 2018 credit agreement will bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at walgreens boots alliance's option, the alternate base rate or the eurocurrency rate, plus an applicable margin of 0.75% in the case of eurocurrency rate loans. as of august 31, 2019, there were $0.8 billion of borrowings outstanding under the december 2018 credit agreement.
on december 21, 2018, the company entered into a $1.0 billion revolving credit agreement (the "december 2018 revolving credit agreement") with the lenders from time to time party thereto. the december 2018 revolving credit agreement is a senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a facility termination date of the earlier of (a) 18 months following january 28, 2019, the date of the effectiveness of the commitments pursuant to the december 2018 revolving credit agreement, subject to extension thereof pursuant to the december 2018 revolving credit agreement and (b) the date of termination in whole of the
- 50 -
aggregate amount of the commitments pursuant to the december 2018 revolving credit agreement. borrowings under the december 2018 revolving credit agreement will bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at walgreens boots alliance's option, the alternate base rate or the eurocurrency rate, plus an applicable margin of 0.75% in the case of eurocurrency rate loans. as of august 31, 2019, there were $0.3 billion borrowings outstanding under the december 2018 revolving credit agreement.
on january 18, 2019, the company entered into a $2.0 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement (the "january 2019 364-day revolving credit agreement") with the lenders from time to time party thereto. the january 2019 364-day revolving credit agreement is a senior unsecured 364-day revolving credit facility, with a facility termination date of the earlier of (a) 364 days following january 31, 2019, the date of the effectiveness of the commitments pursuant to the january 364- day revolving credit agreement, subject to extension thereof pursuant to the january 2019 364-day revolving credit agreement and (b) the date of termination in whole of the aggregate amount of the commitments pursuant to the january 2019 364-day revolving credit agreement. borrowings under the january 2019 364-day revolving credit agreement will bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at walgreens boots alliance's option, the alternate base rate or the eurocurrency rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin calculated based on the company's credit ratings. as of august 31, 2019, there were no borrowings outstanding under the january 364-day revolving credit agreement.
on august 30, 2019, the company entered into three $500 million revolving credit agreements (together, the "august 2019 revolving credit agreements" and each individually, an "august 2019 revolving credit agreement") with the lenders from time to time party thereto. each of the august 2019 revolving credit agreements are senior unsecured revolving credit facilities, with facility termination dates of the earlier of (a) 18 months following august 30, 2019, subject to extension thereof pursuant to the applicable august 2019 revolving credit agreement and (b) the date of termination in whole of the aggregate amount of the commitments pursuant to the applicable august 2019 revolving credit agreement. borrowings under each of the august 2019 revolving credit agreements will bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at walgreens boots alliance's option, the alternate base rate or the eurocurrency rate, plus an applicable margin of 0.95% in the case of eurocurrency rate loans. as of august 31, 2019, there were no borrowings outstanding under the august 2019 revolving credit agreements.
from time to time, the company may also enter into other credit facilities or financing arrangements.
debt covenants each of the company's credit facilities described above contain a covenant to maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of consolidated debt to total capitalization not to exceed 0.60:1.00, subject to increase in certain circumstances set forth in the applicable credit agreement. the credit facilities contain various other customary covenants. as of august 31, 2019, the company was in compliance with all such applicable covenants.
credit ratings as of october 25, 2019, the credit ratings of walgreens boots alliance were:
rating agency           long-term debt rating   commercialpaper rating   outlook fitch                   bbb                     f2                       negative moody's                 baa2                    p-2                      stable standard &amp; poor's   bbb                     a-2                      stable in assessing the company's credit strength, each rating agency considers various factors including the company's business model, capital structure, financial policies and financial performance. there can be no assurance that any particular rating will be assigned or maintained. the company's credit ratings impact its borrowing costs, access to capital markets and operating lease costs. the rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold the company's debt securities or commercial paper. each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency and should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
amerisourcebergen relationship as of august 31, 2019, the company owned 56,854,867 amerisourcebergen common shares representing approximately 27% of the outstanding amerisourcebergen common stock and had designated one member of amerisourcebergen's board of directors. as of august 31, 2019, the company can acquire up to an additional 8,398,752 amerisourcebergen shares in the open market and thereafter designate another member of amerisourcebergen's board of directors, subject in each case to applicable legal and contractual requirements. the amount of permitted open market purchases is subject to increase or
- 51 -
decrease in certain circumstances. subject to applicable legal and contractual requirements, share purchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions or pursuant to instruments and plans complying with rule 10b5-1. see note 5, equity method investments, to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
commitments and contingencies the information set forth in note 10, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k is incorporated herein by reference.
critical accounting policies the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america and include amounts based on management's prudent judgments and estimates. actual results may differ from these estimates. management believes that any reasonable deviation from those judgments and estimates would not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. to the extent that the estimates used differ from actual results, however, adjustments to the consolidated statements of earnings and corresponding consolidated balance sheets accounts would be necessary. these adjustments would be made in future periods. some of the more significant estimates include business combinations, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment, cost of sales and inventory, equity method investments, pension and postretirement benefits and income taxes. the company uses the following methods to determine its estimates:
business combinations - the company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests, be recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. the determination of fair values of assets and liabilities acquired requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available.
for intangible assets, the company generally uses the income approach to determine fair value. the income approach requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions primarily include, but are not limited to: discount rates, terminal growth rates, royalty rates, forecasts of revenue, operating income, depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures. the discount rates applied to the projections reflect the risk factors associated with those projections.
although the company believes its estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making such estimates. changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on the determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired.
judgment is also required in determining the intangible asset's useful life.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment - goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that could more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or intangible asset below its carrying value. as part of the company's impairment analysis, fair value of a reporting unit is determined using both the income and market approaches. the income approach requires management to estimate a number of factors for each reporting unit, including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and discount rates. the market approach estimates fair value using comparable marketplace fair value data from within a comparable industry grouping.
the determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires the company to make significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions primarily include, but are not limited to: the selection of appropriate peer group companies, control premiums appropriate for acquisitions in the industries in which we compete, discount rates, terminal growth rates, forecasts of revenue, operating income, depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures. although we believe our estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making such estimates. changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value of the reporting units, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both.
the company also compares the sum of estimated fair values of reporting units to the company's fair value as implied by the market value of its equity securities. this comparison provides an indication that, in total, assumptions and estimates are reasonable. future declines in the overall market value of the company's equity securities may provide an indication that the fair value of one or more reporting units has declined below its carrying value.
- 52 -
the fair values of the company's reporting units exceeded their carrying amounts ranging from approximately 9% to approximately 269% as of june 1, 2019 valuation date. the fair value of the boots reporting unit, in the retail pharmacy international division, is in excess of its carrying value by approximately 9%. as at august 31, 2019, the carrying value of the goodwill of the boots reporting unit is $2.6 billion.
the company continues to closely monitor industry and market trends and the impact it may have on the boots reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangibles as the challenging market conditions in the uk continued to impact the operating performance of the boots reporting unit during the three months ended august 31, 2019.
indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested by comparing the estimated fair value of the asset to its carrying value. if the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized and the asset is written down to its estimated fair value. indefinite-lived intangible assets fair values are estimated using the relief from royalty method and excess earnings method of the income approach. these estimates can be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, general economic conditions, availability of market information as well as our profitability. the fair values of indefinite-lived intangibles within the boots reporting unit exceeded their carrying value amounts ranging from approximately 3% to approximately 29%, except for the pharmacy licenses. as at august 31, 2019, the carrying value of these indefinite-lived intangibles within the boots reporting unit is $6.9 billion. during the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019, the company recorded an impairment of $73 million on its pharmacy licenses in the boots reporting unit, which was included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of earnings.
see note 6, goodwill and other intangible assets, to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
cost of sales and inventory - cost of sales includes the purchase price of goods and cost of services rendered, store and warehouse inventory loss, inventory obsolescence and supplier rebates. in addition to product costs, cost of sales includes warehousing costs for retail operations, purchasing costs, freight costs, cash discounts and vendor allowances.
cost of sales for our retail pharmacy usa segment is derived based upon point-of-sale scanning information with an estimate for shrinkage and is adjusted based on periodic inventory counts. inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market determined by the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method for the retail pharmacy usa segment and primarily on a first-in first-out ("fifo") basis for inventory in the retail pharmacy international and pharmaceutical wholesale segments.
equity method investments - the company uses the equity method of accounting for equity investments in companies if the investment provides the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over operating and financial policies of the investee. the company's proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies is included in consolidated net earnings. judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investment includes considering key factors such as the company's ownership interest, legal form of the investee (e.g. limited liability partnership), representation on the board of directors, participation in policy-making decisions and material intra-entity transactions the company evaluates equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment might not be recoverable. factors considered by the company when reviewing an equity method investment for impairment include the length of time (duration) and the extent (severity) to which the fair value of the equity method investment has been less than cost, the investee's financial condition and near-term prospects and the intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for anticipated recovery. an impairment that is other-than-temporary is recognized in the period identified.
pension and postretirement benefits - the company has various defined benefit pension plans that cover some of its non-u.s. employees. the company also has a postretirement healthcare plan that covers qualifying u.s. employees. eligibility and the level of benefits for these plans vary depending on participants' status, date of hire and or length of service. pension and postretirement plan expenses and valuations are dependent on assumptions used by third-party actuaries in calculating those amounts. these assumptions include discount rates, healthcare cost trends, long-term return on plan assets, retirement rates, mortality rates and other factors.
in determining long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, the company considers both the historical performance of the investment portfolio as well as the long-term market return expectations based on the investment mix of the portfolio. a change in any of these assumptions would have an effect on its pension expense. a 25 basis point increase in the discount rate would result in a decline of $368.1 million to the company's pension benefit obligation. a 25 basis point decrease on the expected return on plan assets assumption would increase the company's pension expense by $19.1 million.
- 53 -
the company funds its pension plans in accordance with applicable regulations. the postretirement healthcare plan is not funded.
income taxes -the company is subject to routine income tax audits that occur periodically in the normal course of business. u.s. federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities raise questions regarding the company's tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the tax benefits associated with the various tax filing positions, the company records a tax benefit for uncertain tax positions using the highest cumulative tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. adjustments are made to the liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the period in which the company determines the issue is effectively settled with the tax authorities, the statute of limitations expires for the return containing the tax position or when more information becomes available. the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued penalties and interest, is primarily included in other non-current liabilities and current income taxes on the company's consolidated balance sheets and in income tax provision in its consolidated statements of earnings.
in determining its provision for income taxes, the company uses income, permanent differences between book and tax income and enacted statutory income tax rates. the provision for income taxes rate also reflects its assessment of the ultimate outcome of tax audits in addition to any foreign-based income deemed to be taxable in the united states. discrete events such as audit settlements or changes in tax laws are recognized in the period in which they occur.
- 54 -
contractual obligations and commitments the following table lists the company's contractual obligations and commitments at august 31, 2019 (in millions):
payments due by period total            less than 1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years             over 5 years operating leases1                                              $32,268                  $3,484                  $6,447                $5,714                 $16,623
purchase obligations:                                            3,231                   2,359                     224                   100                     548
open inventory purchase orders                                   1,708                   1,707                       1                     -                       -
real estate development                                            179                     179                       -                     -                       -
other obligations                                                1,344                     474                     223                   100                     548
short-term debt and long-term debt*                             16,916                   5,752                   1,741                 1,200                   8,223
interest payment on short-term debt and long-term debt           4,704                     430                     761                   635                   2,878
retirement benefit obligations                                     695                      42                      81                    83                     489
closed location obligations1                                     1,613                     211                     359                   286                     757
capital lease obligations*1                                      1,093                      59                     118                   115                     801
finance lease obligations                                          311                      21                      41                    40                     209
other liabilities reflected on the balance sheet*2               1,216                     122                     529                   185                     380
total                                                          $62,047                 $12,480                 $10,302                $8,358                 $30,908
*   recorded on balance sheet.
1   amounts do not include certain operating expenses under these leases such as common area maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes, where appropriate. these expenses were $569 million for the fiscal year ended august 31, 2019.
2   includes $502 million ($88 million in less than 1 year, $385 million in 1-3 years and $29 million in 3-5 years) of unrecognized tax benefits recorded under accounting standards codification topic 740, income taxes. includes $352 million ($67 million in 1-3 years, $96 million in 3-5 years and $189 million in over 5 years) of noncurrent income taxes payable as a result of the u.s tax law changes enacted in december 2017.
the information in the foregoing table is presented as of august 31, 2019 and accordingly does not reflect obligations under agreements the company entered into after that date.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have any unconsolidated special purpose entities and, except as described herein, the company does not have significant exposure to any off-balance sheet arrangements. the term "off-balance sheet arrangement" generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with the company is a party, under which the company has: (i) any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest; or (ii) a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets.
at august 31, 2019, the company had $51 million of guarantees outstanding and no amounts issued under letters of credit.
recent accounting pronouncements see "new accounting pronouncements" within note 1, summary of major accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements this report and other documents that we file or furnish with the sec contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management's assumptions. in addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or written statements, on the company's website or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls, conference calls and other communications. some of such forward-looking statements may be based on certain data and forecasts relating to our business and industry that we have obtained from internal surveys, market research, publicly available information and industry publications. industry publications, surveys and market research generally state that the information they provide has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding estimates of and goals for future
- 55 -
financial and operating performance as well as forward-looking statements concerning the expected execution and effect of our business strategies, our cost-savings and growth initiatives, pilot programs, strategic partnerships and initiatives, and restructuring activities and the amounts and timing of their expected impact and delivery of estimated cost savings, our amended and restated asset purchase agreement with rite aid and the transactions contemplated thereby and their possible timing and effects, our commercial agreement with amerisourcebergen, the arrangements and transactions contemplated by our framework agreement with amerisourcebergen and their possible effects, estimates of the impact of developments on our earnings, earnings per share and other financial and operating metrics, cough, cold and flu season, prescription volume, pharmacy sales trends, prescription margins and reimbursement rates, changes in generic prescription drug prices, retail margins, number and location of new store openings, network participation, vendor, payer and customer relationships and terms, possible new contracts or contract extensions, the proposed withdrawal of the united kingdom from the european union and its possible effects, competition, economic and business conditions, outcomes of litigation and regulatory matters, the level of capital expenditures, industry trends, demographic trends, growth strategies, financial results, cost reduction initiatives, impairment or other charges, acquisition and joint venture synergies, competitive strengths and changes in legislation or regulations. all statements in the future tense and all statements accompanied by words such as "expect," "likely," "outlook," "forecast," "preliminary," "pilot," "would," "could," "should," "can," "will," "project," "intend," "plan," "goal," "guidance," "target," "aim," "continue," "sustain," "synergy," "transform," "accelerate," "model," "long-term," "on track," "on schedule," "headwind," "tailwind," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "anticipate," "upcoming," "to come," "may," "possible," "assume," and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, known or unknown, that could cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated or anticipated, including, but not limited to, those relating to the impact of private and public third-party payers' efforts to reduce prescription drug reimbursements, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the timing and magnitude of the impact of branded to generic drug conversions and changes in generic drug prices, our ability to realize synergies and achieve financial, tax and operating results in the amounts and at the times anticipated, the inherent risks, challenges and uncertainties associated with forecasting financial results of large, complex organizations in rapidly evolving industries, particularly over longer time periods, supply arrangements including our commercial agreement with amerisourcebergen, the arrangements and transactions contemplated by our framework agreement with amerisourcebergen and their possible effects, the risks associated with our equity method investment in amerisourcebergen, circumstances that could give rise to the termination, cross-termination or modification of any of our contractual obligations, the amount of costs, and charges incurred with strategic transactions, whether the costs and charges associated with restructuring initiatives, including the transformational cost management program and store optimization program, will exceed estimates, our ability to realize expected savings and benefits from cost-savings initiatives, including the transformational cost management program and store optimization program, restructuring activities and acquisitions and joint ventures in the amounts and at the times anticipated, the timing and amount of any impairment or other charges, the timing and severity of cough, cold and flu season, risks related to pilot programs and new business initiatives and ventures generally, including the risks that anticipated benefits may not be realized, changes in management's plans and assumptions, the risks associated with governance and control matters, the ability to retain key personnel, changes in economic and business conditions generally or in particular markets in which we participate, changes in financial markets, credit ratings and interest rates, the risks relating to the terms, timing and magnitude of any share repurchase activity, the risks associated with international business operations, including the risks associated with the proposed withdrawal of the united kingdom from the european union and international trade policies, tariffs, including tariff negotiations between the united states and china, and relations, the risks associated with cybersecurity or privacy breaches related to customer information, changes in vendor, customer and payer relationships and terms, including changes in network participation and reimbursement terms and the associated impacts on volume and operating results, risks related to competition including changes in market dynamics, participants, product and service offerings, retail formats and competitive positioning, risks associated with new business areas and activities, risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic investments, including those relating to the asset acquisition from rite aid, the risks associated with the integration of complex businesses, the impact of regulatory restrictions and outcomes of legal and regulatory matters and risks associated with changes in laws, including those related to the december 2017 u.s. tax law changes, regulations or interpretations thereof. these and other risks, assumptions and uncertainties are described in item 1a, risk factors, above and in other documents that we file or furnish with the sec. should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. except to the extent required by law, we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any duty or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after the date of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.
- 56 -
