item 1a. risk factors this section highlights significant factors, events and uncertainties that could create risk with an investment in our securities. the events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, ability to pay dividends and stock price. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face: our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. we group these risk factors into three categories:
•   risks arising from our business;
•   risks arising from our capital structure; and
•   risks arising from our status as a reit.
risks arising from our business our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations we are exposed to the risk that some of our acquisitions may not prove to be successful. we could encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. if we agree to provide construction funding to an operator/tenant and the project is not completed, we may need to take steps to ensure completion of the project. such expenditures may negatively affect our results of operations. investments in and acquisitions of seniors housing and health care properties entail risks associated with real estate investments generally, including risks that the investment will not achieve expected returns, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that the tenant, operator or manager will fail to meet performance expectations. furthermore, there can be no assurance that our anticipated acquisitions and investments, the completion of which is subject to various conditions, will be consummated in accordance with anticipated timing, on anticipated terms, or at all. we may be unable to obtain or assume financing for acquisitions on favorable terms or at all. health care properties are often highly customizable and the development or redevelopment of such properties may require costly tenant-specific improvements. we also may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. acquired properties may be located in new markets, either within or outside the united states, where we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area, costs associated with opening a new regional office and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. as a result, we cannot assure you that we will achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquisitions, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities.
acquired properties may expose us to unknown liability we may acquire properties or invest in joint ventures that own properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, against the prior owners or other third parties with respect to unknown liabilities. as a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. unknown liabilities with respect to acquired properties might include: liabilities for clean up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties, liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties.
competition for acquisitions may result in increased prices for properties we may face competition for acquisition opportunities from other well-capitalized investors, including publicly traded and privately held reits, private real estate funds, domestic and foreign financial institutions, life insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, pension trusts, partnerships and individual investors. this competition may adversely affect us by subjecting us to the following risks: we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other well-capitalized real estate investors and, even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase price.
our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our lack of exclusive control over these investments, our partners' insolvency or failure to meet their obligations, and disputes between us and our partners we have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, partnerships or joint ventures with other persons or entities. joint venture investments involve risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent, refuse to make capital contributions when due or otherwise fail to meet its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments; that our partner might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent with our interests or goals; that we could become engaged in a dispute with our partner, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve such dispute and could have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability of the joint venture; that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests; and that our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes, which could create conflicts of interest and risks to our reit status. in some instances, we and/or our partner may have the right to trigger a buy-sell, put right or forced sale arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, acquire our partner's interest or sell the underlying asset at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. our ability to acquire our partner's interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. in such event, we may be forced to sell our interest in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. on the other hand, our ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted and the market for our interest may be limited and/or valued lower than fair market value. joint ventures may require us to share decision-making authority with our partners, which could limit our ability to control the properties in the joint ventures. even when we have a controlling interest, certain major decisions may require partner approval, such as the sale, acquisition or financing of a property.
we are exposed to operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that could adversely affect our revenue and operations we are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. these risks include fluctuations in occupancy, medicare and medicaid reimbursement, if applicable, and private pay rates; economic conditions; competition; federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards; the availability and increases in cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage; state regulation and rights of residents related to entrance fees; and the availability and increases in the cost of labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise). any one or a combination of these factors may adversely affect our revenue and operations.
we assume operational and legal risks with respect to our properties managed in ridea structures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition we have entered into various joint ventures that were structured under the provisions of the reit investment diversification and empowerment act of 2007 ("ridea"), which permits reits to own or partially own "qualified health care properties" in a structure through which we can participate directly in the cash flow of the properties' operations (as compared to receiving only contractual rent payments) in compliance with reit requirements. a "qualified health care property" includes real property and any personal property that is, or is necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care facility, qualified continuing care facility, or other licensed facility which extends medical or nursing or ancillary services to patients.
under a ridea structure, we are required to rely on our operator to manage and operate the property, including complying with laws and providing resident care. however, as the owner of the property under a ridea structure, we are responsible for operational and legal risks and liabilities of the property, including, but not limited to, those relating to employment matters of our operators, compliance with health care fraud and abuse and other laws, governmental reimbursement matters, compliance with federal, state, local and industry-related licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards, and litigation involving our properties or residents/patients, even though we have limited ability to control or influence our operators' management of these risks. further, our taxable reit subsidiary ("trs") is generally required to hold the applicable health care license and enroll in the applicable government health care programs (e.g., medicare and medicaid), which subjects us to potential liability under various health care regulatory laws. penalties for failure to comply with applicable laws may include loss or suspension of licenses and certificates of need, certification or accreditation, exclusion from government health care programs (e.g., medicare and medicaid), administrative sanctions and civil monetary penalties. although we have some general oversight approval rights and the right to review operational and financial reporting information, our operators are ultimately in control of the day-to-day business of the property, including clinical decision-making, we rely on them to operate the properties in compliance with a manner that complies with applicable law.
decreases in our operators' revenues or increases in our operators' expenses could affect our operators' ability to make payments to us we have very limited control over the success or failure of our operators' businesses and, at any time, an operator may experience a downturn in its business that weakens its financial condition. our operators' revenues are primarily driven by occupancy, private pay rates, and medicare and medicaid reimbursement, if applicable. expenses for these facilities are primarily driven by the costs of labor, food, utilities, taxes, insurance and rent or debt service. revenues from government reimbursement have, and may continue to, come under pressure due to reimbursement cuts and state budget shortfalls. operating costs continue to increase for our operators. to the extent that any decrease in revenues and/or any increase in operating expenses result in a property not generating enough cash to make payments to us, the credit of our operator and the value of other collateral would have to be relied upon. to the extent the value of such property is reduced, we may need to record an impairment for such asset. furthermore, if we determine to dispose of an underperforming property, such sale may result in a loss. any such impairment or loss on sale would negatively affect our financial results. these risks are magnified where we lease multiple properties to a single operator under a master lease, as an operator failure or default under a master lease would expose us to these risks across multiple properties. although our lease agreements give us the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us, we may determine not to do so if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches.
increased competition and oversupply may affect our operators' ability to meet their obligations to us the operators of our properties compete on a local and regional basis with operators of properties and other health care providers that provide comparable services for residents and patients, including on the basis of the scope and quality of care and services provided, reputation and financial condition, physical appearance of the properties, price, and location. our operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses. in addition, we expect that there will continue to be a more than adequate inventory of seniors housing facilities. we cannot be certain that the operators of all of our facilities will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. if our operators cannot compete effectively or if there is an oversupply of facilities, their financial performance and ability to meet their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
a severe cold and flu season, epidemics or any other widespread illnesses could adversely affect the occupancy of our seniors housing operating and triple-net properties our revenues and our operators' revenues are dependent on occupancy. it is impossible to predict the severity of the cold and flu season or the occurrence of epidemics or any other widespread illnesses. the occupancy of our seniors housing operating and triple-net properties could significantly decrease in the event of a severe cold and flu season, an epidemic or any other widespread illness. such a decrease could affect the operating income of our seniors housing operating properties and the ability of our triple-net operators to make payments to us. in addition, a flu pandemic could significantly increase the cost burdens faced by our operators, including if they are required to implement quarantines for residents, and adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
the insolvency or bankruptcy of our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition we are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors may not be able to meet the rent, principal and interest or other payments due us, which may result in a tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor bankruptcy or insolvency, or that a tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor might become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings for other reasons. although our operating lease agreements provide us with the right to evict a tenant, demand immediate payment of rent and exercise other remedies, and our loans provide us with the right to terminate any funding obligation, demand immediate repayment of principal and unpaid interest, foreclose on the collateral and exercise other remedies, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. a tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor in bankruptcy or subject to insolvency proceedings may be able to limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rent in the case of a lease or to receive unpaid principal and interest in the case of a loan, and to exercise other rights and remedies. in addition, if a lease is rejected in a tenant bankruptcy, our claim against the tenant may be limited by applicable provisions of the bankruptcy law. we may be required to fund certain expenses (e.g., real estate taxes and maintenance) to preserve the value of an investment property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property and/or transition a property to a new tenant. in some instances, we have terminated our lease with a tenant and relet the property to another tenant. in some of those situations, we have provided working capital loans to and limited indemnification of the new obligor. if we cannot transition a leased property to a new tenant, we may take possession of that property, which may expose us to certain successor liabilities. publicity about the operator's financial condition and insolvency proceedings may also negatively impact their and our reputations, decreasing customer demand and revenues. should such events occur, our revenue and operating cash flow may be adversely affected.
we may not be able to timely reinvest our sale proceeds on terms acceptable to us from time to time, we will have cash available from the proceeds of sales of our securities, principal payments on our loans receivable or the sale of properties, including non-elective dispositions, under the terms of master leases or similar financial support arrangements. in order to maintain current revenues and continue generating attractive returns, we expect to reinvest these proceeds in a timely manner. we compete for real estate investments with a broad variety of potential investors, including other health care reits, real estate partnerships, health care providers, health care lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. this competition for attractive investments may negatively affect our ability to make timely investments on terms acceptable to us.
the properties managed by sunrise senior living, llc ("sunrise") account for a significant portion of our revenues and net operating income and any adverse developments in its business or financial condition could adversely affect us as of december 31, 2019, sunrise managed 165 of our seniors housing operating properties. these properties account for a significant portion of our revenues and net operating income. although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, we rely on sunrise's personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our seniors housing operating properties efficiently and effectively. we also rely on sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate them in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. any adverse developments in sunrise's business or financial condition could impair its ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. for example, we depend on sunrise's ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our seniors housing operating properties. a shortage of nurses or other trained personnel or general inflationary pressures may force sunrise to enhance its pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for such personnel, but it may not be able to offset these added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents. any increase in labor costs and other property operating expenses, any failure by sunrise to attract and retain qualified personnel, or significant changes in sunrise's senior management or equity ownership could adversely affect the income we receive from our seniors housing operating properties and have a material adverse effect on us. also, if sunrise experiences any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties, such difficulties
26
could result in, among other things, acceleration of its indebtedness, impairment of its continued access to capital or the commencement of insolvency proceedings by or against it under the u.s. bankruptcy code, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. if we determine to sell or transition additional properties currently managed by sunrise, we may experience operational challenges and/or significantly declining financial performance for those properties. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we depend on promedica health system ("promedica") and genesis healthcare ("genesis") for a significant portion of our revenues and any failure, inability or unwillingness by them to satisfy obligations under their agreements with us could adversely affect us the properties we lease to promedica and genesis account for a significant portion of our revenues, and because these leases are triple-net leases, we also depend on promedica and genesis to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. we cannot assure you that promedica and genesis will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy their respective obligations under our leases, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by promedica and genesis to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. promedica and genesis have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses, and we cannot assure you that promedica and genesis will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable them to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations. promedica and genesis's failure to effectively conduct their operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect their business reputations and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, we have made real estate and other loans to genesis and their operational or other failures could adversely impact their ability to repay these loans when due.
ownership of property outside the u.s. may subject us to different or greater risks than those associated with our domestic operations we have operations in the u.k. and canada which represent 8.8% and 9.1% of total welltower revenues, respectively. as of december 31, 2019, revera managed 94 of our seniors housing operating properties in canada, representing a significant portion of our revenues, and also owned a controlling interest in sunrise. international development, ownership, and operating activities involve risks that are different from those we face with respect to our domestic properties and operations. these risks include, but are not limited to, any international currency gain recognized with respect to changes in exchange rates, which may not qualify under the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test required for us to satisfy annually in order to qualify and maintain our status as a reit; challenges with respect to the repatriation of foreign earnings and cash; impact from international trade disputes and the associated impact on our tenants' supply chain and consumer spending levels; changes in foreign political, regulatory, and economic conditions (regionally, nationally and locally) including, but not limited to, continuing uncertainty surrounding the process of brexit and the macroeconomic and regulatory effects of brexit, including impacts on the u.k. real estate market; challenges in managing international operations; challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance, operations, taxes, employment and other civil and criminal legal proceedings; foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in foreign countries; local businesses and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices; differences in lending practices and the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing; regional or country-specific business cycles and political and economic instability; and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the u.s. that affect foreign operations, including, but not limited to, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. if we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with international expansion and operations, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
the business and financial results of our operations located in the u.k. may be negatively impacted as a result of brexit the u.k.'s referendum on withdrawal from the eu in 2016 (commonly referred to as "brexit"), and subsequent notification of the u.k.'s intention to withdraw from the eu given in march 2017, have adversely impacted global markets and foreign currencies. the terms governing the future relationship between the u.k. and the eu, as well as the legal and economic consequences of those terms, remain unclear, including with respect to the post-brexit regulatory environment in the u.k. it is possible that the level of health care and other economic activity in the u.k. and the rest of europe will be adversely impacted and that we will face increased regulatory and legal complexities in these regions which could have an adverse impact on the financial condition and results of operations of our properties in the u.k.
moreover, the value of the british pound sterling incurred significant fluctuations. if the value of the british pound sterling continues to incur similar fluctuations, unfavorable exchange rate changes may negatively affect the value of our operations located in the u.k., as translated to our reporting currency, the u.s. dollar, in accordance with u.s. gaap, which may impact the revenue and earnings we report. continued fluctuations in the british pound sterling may also result in the imposition of price adjustments by e.u.-based suppliers to our u.k. operations, as those suppliers seek to compensate for the changes in value of the british pound sterling as compared to the european euro.
if our tenants do not renew their existing leases, or if we are required to sell properties for liquidity reasons, we may be unable to lease or sell the properties on favorable terms, or at all we cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases at the end of their lease terms, which expire at various times. if these leases are not renewed, we would be required to find other tenants to occupy those properties, or sell them. there can be no assurance that we would be able to identify suitable replacement tenants or enter into leases with new tenants on terms as favorable to us as the current leases or that we would be able to lease those properties at all. our competitors may offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our customers, we may lose potential customers, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge to retain customers when leases expire. in addition, our ability to reposition our properties with a suitable replacement tenant or operator could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, con or other laws, as well as by the medicare and medicaid change-of-ownership rules, and we could incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. even if tenants decide to renew or lease new space, the terms of renewals or new leases, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants, may be less favorable to us than current lease terms.
real estate investments are relatively illiquid and most of the property we own is highly customized for specific uses. our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes in operator, economic and other conditions will be limited. no assurances can be given that we will recognize full value for any property that we are required to sell. our inability to respond rapidly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we are exposed to the risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and in particular, the seniors housing and health care industries. a downturn in the real estate industry could adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to sell properties for a price or on terms acceptable to us.
our tenants, operators and managers may not have the necessary insurance coverage to insure adequately against losses we maintain or require our tenants, operators and managers to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties and their operations with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are customary for similarly situated companies in our industry and we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements. our tenants, operators and manager may not be able to maintain adequate levels of insurance and required coverages. also, we may not be able to require the same levels of insurance coverage under our lease, management and other agreements, which could adversely affect us in the event of a significant uninsured loss. we cannot make any guarantee as to the future financial viability of the insurers that underwrite our policies and the policies maintained by our tenants, operators and managers. insurance may not be available at a reasonable cost in the future or policies may not be maintained at a level that will fully cover all losses on our properties upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event. this may be especially the case due to increases in property insurance costs. in addition, in recent years, long-term/post-acute care and seniors housing operators and managers have experienced substantial increases in both the number and size of patient care liability claims. as a result, general and professional liability costs have increased in some markets. general and professional liability insurance coverage may be restricted or very costly, which may adversely affect the tenants', operators' and managers' future operations, cash flows and financial conditions, and may have a material adverse effect on the tenants', operators' and managers' ability to meet their obligations to us.
our ownership of properties through ground leases exposes us to the loss of such properties upon breach or termination of the ground leases we have acquired an interest in certain of our properties by acquiring a leasehold interest in the property on which the building is located, and we may acquire additional properties in the future through the purchase of interests in ground leases. many of these ground leases impose significant limitations on our uses of the subject properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. these restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties' value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable tenants for the properties. as the lessee under a ground lease, we are exposed to the possibility of losing the property upon termination of the ground lease or an earlier breach of the ground lease by us.
the requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs, such as medicare, medicaid or government funding, could have a material adverse effect on our obligors' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect our obligors' ability to meet their obligations to us some of our obligors' businesses are affected by government reimbursement. to the extent that an operator/tenant receives a significant portion of its revenues from government payors, primarily medicare and medicaid, such revenues may be subject to statutory and regulatory changes, retroactive rate adjustments, recovery of program overpayments or set-offs, court decisions, administrative rulings, policy interpretations, payment or other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers, government funding restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific facilities), any lapse in congressional funding of the centers for medicare and medicaid services and interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing government investigations and audits at such property. in recent years, government payors have frozen or reduced payments to health care providers due to budgetary pressures. federal and state authorities may continue seeking to implement new or modified reimbursement methodologies that may negatively impact health care property operations. see "item 1 - business - certain government regulations - united states - reimbursement"
above for additional information. health care reimbursement will likely continue to be of paramount importance to federal and state authorities. we cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or effect any future legislative reforms may have on the financial condition of our obligors and properties. there can be no assurance that adequate reimbursement levels will be available for services provided by any property operator, whether the property receives reimbursement from medicare, medicaid or private payors. significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse effect on an obligor's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the ability of an obligor to meet its obligations to us.
since january 1, 2014, the health reform laws have provided those states that expand their medicaid coverage to otherwise eligible state residents with incomes at or below 138% of the federal poverty level with an increased federal medical assistance percentage, effective january 1, 2014, when certain conditions are met. given that the federal government substantially funds the medicaid expansion, it is unclear how many states will ultimately pursue this option, although, as of early january 2020, more than 70% of the states have expanded medicaid coverage. the participation by states in the medicaid expansion could have the dual effect of increasing our tenants' revenues, through new patients, but further straining state budgets and their ability to pay our tenants.
the status of the health reform laws may be subject to change as a result of political, legislative, regulatory, and administrative developments and judicial proceedings. the current presidential administration and u.s. congress have sought to and may continue to seek to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the health reform laws, including medicaid expansion. since taking office, president trump has continued to support the repeal of all or portions of the health reform laws.  see "item 1 - business - certain government regulations - united states - reimbursement" above for additional information. if the operations, cash flows or financial condition of our operators and tenants are materially adversely impacted by the health reform laws or future legislation, our revenue and operations may be adversely affected as well. more generally, and because of the dynamic nature of the legislative and regulatory environment for health care products and services, and in light of existing federal deficit and budgetary concerns, we cannot predict the impact that broad-based, far-reaching legislative or regulatory changes could have on the u.s. economy, our business, or that of our operators and tenants.
if controls imposed on certain of our tenants who provide health care services that are reimbursed by medicare, medicaid and other third-party payors to reduce admissions and length of stay affect inpatient volumes at our health care facilities, the financial condition or results of operations of those tenants could be adversely affected controls imposed by medicare, medicaid and commercial third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as "utilization reviews," have affected and are expected to continue to affect certain of our health care facilities, specifically our acute care hospitals and post-acute facilities. utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by managed care plans. inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payor-required preadmission authorization and utilization review and by payor pressures to maximize outpatient and alternative health care delivery services for less acutely ill patients. efforts to impose more stringent cost controls and reductions are expected to continue, which could negatively impact the financial condition of our tenants who provide health care services in our hospitals and post-acute facilities. if so, this could adversely affect these tenants' ability and willingness to comply with the terms of their leases with us and/or renew those leases upon expiration, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with federal, state, province, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards could adversely affect such operators' or tenants' operations, which could adversely affect our operators' and tenants' ability to meet their obligations to us our operators and tenants generally are subject to or impacted by varying levels of federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards. these laws and regulations include, among others: laws protecting consumers against deceptive practices; laws relating to the operation of our properties and how our tenants and operators conduct their business, such as fire, health and safety, data security and privacy laws; federal and state laws affecting hospitals, clinics and other health care communities that participate in both medicare and medicaid that specify reimbursement rates, pricing, reimbursement procedures and limitations, quality of services and care, background checks, food service and physical plants, and similar foreign laws regulating the health care industry; resident rights laws (including abuse and neglect laws) and fraud laws; anti-kickback and physician referral laws; the ada and similar state and local laws; and safety and health standards set by the occupational safety and health administration or similar foreign agencies. our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations, or standards could result in loss of accreditation, denial of reimbursement, imposition of fines, suspension, decertification or exclusion from federal and state health care programs, civil liability, and in certain limited instances, criminal penalties, loss of license, closure of the facility and/or the incurrence of considerable costs arising from an investigation or regulatory action. such actions may have an effect on our operators' or tenants' ability to make lease payments to us and, therefore, adversely impact us. in addition, we may be directly subject to certain health care fraud and abuse laws and data privacy laws, as well as potential investigation or enforcement, as a result of our ridea-structured arrangements, and certain other arrangements we may pursue with healthcare entities who are directly subject to these laws. see "item 1 - business - certain government regulations
- united states - fraud & abuse enforcement" and "item 1 - business - certain government regulations - united states - health care matters - generally" above.
many of our properties may require a license, registration, and/or con to operate. failure to obtain a license, registration, or con, or loss of a required license, registration, or con would prevent a facility from operating in the manner intended by the operators or tenants. these events could materially adversely affect our operators' or tenants' ability to make rent or other obligatory payments to us. state and local laws also may regulate the expansion, including the addition of new beds or services or acquisition of medical equipment, and the construction or renovation of health care facilities, by requiring a con or other similar approval from a state agency. see "item 1 - business - certain government regulations - united states - licensing and certification" above.
in addition, we cannot assure you that future changes in government regulation will not adversely affect the health care industry, including our tenants and operators, nor can we be certain that our tenants and operators will achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels or labor cost levels that will enable them to satisfy their obligations to us.
changes in applicable tax regulations could negatively affect our financial results we are subject to taxation in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. because the u.s. maintains a worldwide corporate tax system, the foreign and u.s. tax systems are somewhat interdependent. longstanding international norms that determine each country's jurisdiction to tax cross-border international trade are evolving and could reduce the ability of our foreign subsidiaries to deduct for foreign tax purposes the interest they pay on loans from us, thereby increasing the foreign tax liability of the subsidiaries; it is also possible that foreign countries could increase their withholding taxes on dividends and interest. given the unpredictability of these possible changes and their potential interdependency, it is very difficult to assess the overall effect of such potential tax changes on our earnings and cash flow, but such changes could adversely impact our financial results.
unfavorable resolution of pending and future litigation matters and disputes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition from time to time, we are directly involved in legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. we also are named as defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of our actions or the actions of our operators/tenants or managers in which such operators/tenants or managers have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable settlement of, pending or future litigation. in addition, pending litigation or future litigation, government proceedings or environmental matters could lead to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations. an unfavorable resolution of pending or future litigation or legal proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial costs and expenses, significantly divert the attention of management, and could damage our reputation and our brand. in addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement to terms that restrict the operation of our business. we cannot guarantee losses incurred in connection with any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings or actions will not exceed any provisions we may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or will not exceed any available insurance coverage.
development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability in connection with our renovation, redevelopment, development and related construction activities, we may be unable to obtain, or suffer delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations. these factors could result in increased costs or our abandonment of these projects. in addition, we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, which may render us unable to proceed with our development activities, and we may not be able to complete construction and lease-up of a property on schedule, which could result in increased debt service expense or construction costs. additionally, the time frame required for development, construction and lease-up of these properties means that we may have to wait years for significant cash returns. because we are required to make cash distributions to our stockholders, if the cash flow from operations or refinancing is not sufficient, we may be forced to borrow additional money to fund such distributions. we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity. newly developed and acquired properties may not produce the cash flow that we expect, which could adversely affect our overall financial performance.
in deciding whether to acquire or develop a particular property, we make assumptions regarding the expected future performance of that property. in particular, we estimate the return on our investment based on expected occupancy, rental rates and capital costs. if our financial projections with respect to a new property are inaccurate as a result of increases in capital costs or other factors, the property may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing our investment. our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate, which may result in our failure to meet our profitability goals. additionally, we may acquire new properties that are not fully leased, and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with that property.
new facilities that we construct often require a con and license before they can be utilized by the operator for their intended use. the operator also may need to obtain medicare and medicaid certification and enter into medicare and medicaid provider agreements and/or third-party payor contracts. in the event that the operator is unable to obtain the necessary con, licensure, certification, provider agreements or contracts after the completion of construction, there is a risk that we will not be able to earn any revenues on the facility until either the initial operator obtains a license or certification to operate the new facility and the necessary provider agreements or contracts or we find and contract with a new operator that is able to obtain a license to operate the facility for its intended use and the necessary provider agreements or contracts.
we may experience losses caused by severe weather conditions, natural disasters or the physical effects of climate change, which could result in an increase of our or our tenants' cost of insurance, unanticipated costs associated with evacuation, a decrease in our anticipated revenues or a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property we maintain or require our tenants to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are appropriate given the relative risk and costs of such coverage, and we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements. however, a large number of our properties are located in areas particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increase or damage caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes and floods, as well as the effects of climate change. we believe, given current industry practice and analysis prepared by outside consultants, that our and our tenants' insurance coverage is appropriate to cover reasonably anticipated losses that may be caused by hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, floods and other severe weather conditions and natural disasters, including the effects of climate change. nevertheless, we are always subject to the risk that such insurance will not fully cover all losses and, depending on the severity of the event and the impact on our properties, such insurance may not cover a significant portion of the losses including but not limited to the costs associated with evacuation. these losses may lead to an increase of our and our tenants' cost of insurance, a decrease in our anticipated revenues from an affected property and a loss of all or a portion of the capital we have invested in an affected property.  in addition, we or our tenants may not purchase insurance under certain circumstances if the cost of insurance exceeds, in our or our tenants' judgment, the value of the coverage relative to the risk of loss. also, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation relating to climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency and resiliency of our existing properties and could also necessitate us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue.
to the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our communities are located, we may experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. should the impact of climate change be material in nature, including significant property damage to or destruction of our communities, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. in addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation based on concerns about climate change could result in increased capital expenditures on our existing properties and our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue, resulting in adverse impacts to our net income.
we may incur costs to remediate environmental contamination at our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our or our obligors' business or financial condition under various laws, owners or operators of real estate may be required to respond to the presence or release of hazardous substances on the property and may be held liable for property damage, personal injuries or penalties that result from environmental contamination or exposure to hazardous substances. these laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of the release of the substances or caused the release. we may become liable to reimburse the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. generally, such liability attaches to a person based on the person's relationship to the property. our tenants or borrowers are primarily responsible for the condition of the property. moreover, we review environmental site assessments of the properties that we own or encumber prior to taking an interest in them. those assessments are designed to meet the "all appropriate inquiry" standard, which we believe qualifies us for the innocent purchaser defense if environmental liabilities arise. based upon such assessments, we do not believe that any of our properties are subject to material environmental contamination. however, environmental liabilities may be present in our properties and we may incur costs to remediate contamination, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition or the business or financial condition of our obligors.
cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data through phishing or other malicious activity, attempts to interrupt our access to or use of it systems through distributed denial-of-service or ransomware attacks, breaches related to our increased receipt and use of data from multiple sources, and other electronic security breaches or other cybersecurity incidents, including those resulting from human error, product defects and technology failures. such cyber-attacks can range from individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems to more sophisticated security threats, and may be specifically targeted to our business or more general industry wide risks. our information technology networks and related systems are essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations of our business. while we employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber-attack. even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted cybersecurity breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate cybersecurity barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. in the past, we have experienced cybersecurity breaches, which to date have not had a material impact on our operations; however, there is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the future. we must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, cause us to incur significant remediation expense and have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. cybersecurity breaches that compromise proprietary, personal identifying or confidential information of our employees, operators, tenants and partners could result in legal claims or proceedings, including under data privacy regulations.
our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed our success depends on the continued availability and service of key personnel, including our executive officers and other highly qualified employees, and competition for their talents is intense. there is substantial competition for qualified personnel. we cannot assure you that we will retain our key personnel or that we will be able to recruit and retain other highly qualified employees in the future. losing any key personnel could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
risks arising from our capital structure our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain anti-takeover provisions our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain anti-takeover provisions (restrictions on share ownership and transfer and super majority stockholder approval requirements for business combinations) that could make it more difficult for or even prevent a third party from acquiring us without the approval of our incumbent board of directors. provisions and agreements that inhibit or discourage takeover attempts could reduce the market value of our common stock.
we may become more leveraged permanent financing for our investments is typically provided through a combination of public offerings of debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness may cause us to become more leveraged, which could (1) require us to dedicate a greater portion of our cash flow to the payment of debt service, (2) make us more vulnerable to a downturn in the economy, (3) limit our ability to obtain additional financing, (4) negatively affect our credit ratings or outlook by one or more of the rating agencies or (5) make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates because of the variable interest rates on some of our borrowings to the extent we have not entirely hedged such variable rate debt.
cash available for distributions to stockholders may be insufficient to make dividend contributions at expected levels and are made at the discretion of the board of directors if cash available for distribution generated by our assets decreases due to dispositions or otherwise, we may be unable to make dividend distributions at expected levels. our inability to make expected distributions would likely result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock. all distributions are made at the discretion of our board of directors in accordance with delaware law and depend on our earnings, our financial condition, debt and equity capital available to us, our expectation of our future capital requirements and operating performance, restrictive covenants in our financial and other contractual arrangements, maintenance of our reit qualification, restrictions under delaware law and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. additionally, our ability to make distributions will be adversely affected if any of the risks described herein, or other significant adverse events, occur.
we are subject to covenants in our debt agreements that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. among other things, these provisions require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness, in addition to any other indebtedness cross-defaulted against such instruments. these defaults could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make future investments or to meet our obligations and commitments we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to make future investments or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. our access to capital depends upon a number of factors over which we have little or no control, including rising interest rates, inflation and other general market conditions; the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; the market price of the shares of our common stock and the credit ratings of our debt securities; changes in the credit ratings on u.s. government debt securities; uncertainty from the expected discontinuance of libor and the transition to any other interest rate benchmark; and default or delay in payment by the u.s. of its obligations. we also rely on the financial institutions that are parties to our revolving credit facilities. if these institutions become capital constrained, tighten their lending standards or become insolvent or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time, they may be unable or unwilling to honor their funding commitments to us, which would adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facilities and, over time, could negatively impact our ability to consummate acquisitions, repay indebtedness as it matures, fund capital expenditures or make distributions to our stockholders. if our access to capital is limited by these factors or other factors, it could negatively impact our ability to acquire properties, repay or refinance our indebtedness, fund operations or make distributions to our stockholders.
changes affecting the availability of the london interbank offered rate ("libor") may have consequences for us that cannot yet reasonably be predicted we have outstanding debt, hedge agreements and receivable transactions with variable interest rates based on libor. the libor benchmark has been subject of national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. these reforms may cause libor to perform differently than in the past and libor may ultimately cease to exist after 2021. while it is not currently possible to determine precisely whether, or to what extent, the withdrawal and replacement of libor would affect us, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates to libor may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. any new benchmark rate will likely not replicate libor exactly, which could impact contracts that terminate after 2021. there is uncertainty about how applicable law, the courts or we will address the replacement of libor with alternative rates on agreements that do not include alternative rate fallback provisions. in addition, any changes to benchmark rates may have an uncertain impact on our cost of funds and our access to the capital markets, which could impact our results of operations and cash flows. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes may also adversely affect the trading market for our securities. additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness.
downgrades in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our cost and availability of capital we plan to manage the company to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse effect on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity, cash flows, the trading/redemption price of our securities and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our equity holders.
increases in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our cost of capital an increase in interest rates may increase interest cost on new and existing variable rate debt.  such increases in the cost of capital could adversely impact our ability to finance operations, acquire and develop properties, and refinance existing debt. additionally, increased interest rates may also result in less liquid property markets, limiting our ability to sell existing assets.
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position currency exchange rate fluctuations could affect our results of operations and financial position, including exchange rate fluctuations resulting from brexit. we generate a portion of our revenue and expenses in such foreign currencies as the canadian dollar and the british pound sterling. although we may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial institutions and/or obtain local currency mortgage debt in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies, we cannot assure you that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on us.
our entry into hedge agreements may not effectively reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates we enter into hedge agreements from time to time to manage some of our exposure to interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate volatility. these agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be limited by federal tax provisions governing reits, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than otherwise would be the case. in addition, these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. when we use forward-starting interest rate swaps, there is a risk that we will not complete the long-term borrowing against which the swap is intended to hedge. if such events occur, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
risks arising from our status as a reit we might fail to qualify or remain qualified as a reit we intend to operate as a reit under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), and believe we have operated and will continue to operate in such a manner. if we lose our status as a reit, we will face serious income tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for satisfying our obligations and for distribution to our stockholders because:
•   we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to u.s. federal income tax at regular corporate rates;
•   we would be subject to increased state and local taxes; and
•   unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified.
since reit qualification requires us to meet a number of complex requirements, it is possible that we may fail to fulfill them, and if we do, our earnings will be reduced by the amount of u.s. federal and other income taxes owed. a reduction in our earnings would affect the amount we could distribute to our stockholders. if we do not qualify as a reit, we will not be required to make distributions to stockholders, since a non-reit is not required to pay dividends to stockholders in order to maintain reit status or avoid an excise tax. in addition, if we fail to qualify as a reit, all distributions to stockholders will continue to be treated as dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, although corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction, and individual stockholders may be eligible for taxation at the rates generally applicable to long-term capital gains with respect to distributions.
as a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a reit also could impair our ability to implement our business strategy and would adversely affect the value of our common stock. qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to remain qualified as a reit. although we believe that we qualify as a reit, we cannot assure you that we will remain qualified as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
certain subsidiaries might fail to qualify or remain qualified as a reit we own interests in a number of entities which have elected to be taxed as reits for u.s. federal income tax purposes, some of which we consolidate for financial reporting purposes but each of which is treated as a separate reit for federal income tax purposes (each a "subsidiary reit"). to qualify as a reit, each subsidiary reit must independently satisfy all of the reit qualification requirements under the code, together with all other rules applicable to reits. provided that each subsidiary reit qualifies as a reit, our interests in the subsidiary reits will be treated as qualifying real estate assets for purposes of the reit asset tests. if a subsidiary reit fails to qualify as a reit in any taxable year, such subsidiary reit will be subject to federal and state income taxes and may not be able to qualify as a reit for the four subsequent taxable years. any such failure could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reit income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify as a reit, unless we are able to avail ourselves of certain relief provisions.
the 90% annual distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions to comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to reits and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. although we anticipate that we generally will have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the reit distribution requirement, it is possible that, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirement. this may be due to timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand. in addition, non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may cause us to fail to have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. in the event that timing differences occur, or we deem it appropriate to retain cash, we may borrow funds, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings, issue additional equity securities (although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so), pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in other transactions intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements. this may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations.
our use of trss is limited under the code under the code, no more than 20% of the value of the gross assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss. this limitation may affect our ability to increase the size of our trss' operations and assets, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable limitation, or that such compliance will not adversely affect our business. also, our trss may not, among other things, operate or manage certain health care facilities, which may cause us to forgo investments we might otherwise make. finally, we may be subject to a 100% excise tax on the income derived from certain transactions with our trss that are not on an arm's-length basis. we believe our arrangements with our trss are on arm's-length terms and intend to continue to operate in a manner that allows us to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid application of that tax.
the lease of qualified health care properties to a taxable reit subsidiary is subject to special requirements we lease certain qualified health care properties to taxable reit subsidiaries (or limited liability companies of which the taxable reit subsidiaries are members), which lessees contract with managers (or related parties) to manage the health care operations at these properties. the rents from this taxable reit subsidiary lessee structure are treated as qualifying rents from real property if (1) they are paid pursuant to an arm's-length lease of a qualified health care property with a taxable reit subsidiary and (2) the manager qualifies as an eligible independent contractor (as defined in the code). if any of these conditions are not satisfied, then the rents will not be qualifying rents.
if certain sale-leaseback transactions are not characterized by the internal revenue service ("irs") as "true leases," we may be subject to adverse tax consequences we have purchased certain properties and leased them back to the sellers of such properties, and we may enter into similar transactions in the future. we intend for any such sale-leaseback transaction to be structured in such a manner that the lease will be characterized as a "true lease," thereby allowing us to be treated as the owner of the property for u.s. federal income tax purposes. however, depending on the terms of any specific transaction, the irs might take the position that the transaction is not a "true lease" but is more properly treated in some other manner. in the event any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged and successfully re-characterized by the irs, we would not be entitled to claim the deductions for depreciation and cost recovery generally available to an owner of property. furthermore, if a sale-leaseback transaction were so re-characterized, we might fail to satisfy the reit asset tests or income tests and, consequently, could lose our reit status effective with the year of re-characterization. alternatively, the amount of our reit taxable income could be recalculated, which may cause us to fail to meet the reit annual distribution requirements for a taxable year.
we could be subject to changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities we are subject to taxes in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. our effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. we are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the irs and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. we regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. if we were subject to review or examination by the irs or applicable foreign jurisdiction as the result of any new tax law changes, the ultimate determination of which may change our taxes owed for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued or recorded, our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be adversely affected.
the present federal income tax treatment of reits may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the federal income tax treatment of an investment in us. the federal income tax rules dealing with u.s. federal income taxation and reits are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the irs and the u.s. treasury department, which results in statutory changes as well as frequent revisions to regulations and interpretations. we cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. revisions in federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a reit, as well as the tax considerations relevant to an investment in us, or could cause us to change our investments and commitments.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary company overview                                                    41
business strategy                                                   41
key transactions                                                    42
key performance indicators, trends and uncertainties                43
corporate governance                                                44
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash                                            45
off-balance sheet arrangements                                      45
contractual obligations                                             46
capital structure                                                   46
results of operations summary                                                             47
seniors housing operating                                           48
triple-net                                                          50
outpatient medical                                                  51
non-segment/corporate                                               53
other non-gaap financial measures                                         54
critical accounting policies                                        57
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based primarily on the consolidated financial statements of welltower inc. presented in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") for the periods presented and should be read together with the notes thereto contained in this annual report on form 10-k. other important factors are identified in "item 1 - business" and "item 1a - risk factors" above.
executive summary company overview welltower inc. (nyse:well), an s&p 500 company headquartered in toledo, ohio, is driving the transformation of health care infrastructure. the company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. welltowertm, a real estate investment trust ("reit"), owns interests in properties concentrated in major, high-growth markets in the united states ("u.s."), canada and the united kingdom ("u.k."), consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities and outpatient medical properties. our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning and monetizing real estate assets.
the following table summarizes our consolidated portfolio for the year ended december 31, 2019 (dollars in thousands):
percentage of           number of type of property                        noi(1)                    noi          properties seniors housing operating      $1,039,520               42.8        %         533
triple-net                        918,743               37.9        %         658
outpatient medical                469,035               19.3        %         387
totals                         $2,427,298              100.0        %       1,578
(1) represents consolidated net operating income ("noi") and excludes our share of investments in unconsolidated entities. entities in which we have a joint venture with a minority partner are shown at 100% of the joint venture amount. see non-gaap financial measures for additional information and reconciliation.
business strategy our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value. we seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. to meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship and geographic location.
substantially all of our revenues are derived from operating lease rentals, resident fees/services and interest earned on outstanding loans receivable. these items represent our primary sources of liquidity to fund distributions and depend upon the continued ability of our obligors to make contractual rent and interest payments to us and the profitability of our operating properties. to the extent that our obligors/partners experience operating difficulties and become unable to generate sufficient cash to make payments or operating distributions to us, there could be a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. to mitigate this risk, we monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. our asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs and market conditions among other things. we evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. when we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. through these efforts, we generally aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment.
in addition to our asset management and research efforts, we also aim to structure our relevant investments to mitigate payment risk. operating leases and loans are normally credit enhanced by guarantees and/or letters of credit. in addition, operating leases are typically structured as master leases and loans are generally cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans, operating leases or agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, resident fees/services and rental income represented 67% and 31%, respectively, of total revenues. substantially all of our operating leases are designed with escalating rent structures. leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. rental income related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. our yield on loans receivable depends upon a number of factors, including the stated interest rate, the average principal amount outstanding during the term of the loan and any interest rate adjustments.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our primary sources of cash include resident fees and services, rent and interest receipts, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses and general and administrative expenses. depending upon the availability and cost of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash.
we also continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. new investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, internally generated cash and the proceeds from investment dispositions. our investments generate cash from noi and principal payments on loans receivable. permanent financing for future investments, which replaces funds drawn under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt.
depending upon market conditions, we believe that new investments will be available in the future with spreads over our cost of capital that will generate appropriate returns to our stockholders. it is also likely that investment dispositions may occur in the future. to the extent that investment dispositions exceed new investments, our revenues and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. we expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. to the extent that new investment requirements exceed our available cash on-hand, we expect to borrow under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. at december 31, 2019, we had $284,917,000 of cash and cash equivalents, $100,849,000 of restricted cash and $1,411,400,000 of available borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility.
key transactions capital  the following summarizes key capital transactions that occurred and supported new investments made during the year ended december 31, 2019:
•   in january 2019, we established an unsecured commercial paper program. under the terms of the program, we may issue, from time to time, unsecured commercial paper with maturities that vary, but do not exceed 397 days from the date of issue, up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of $1,000,000,000.
•   in february 2019, we elected to effect the mandatory conversion of all of the outstanding 6.50% series i cumulative convertible preferred stock. each share of convertible stock was converted into 0.8857 shares of common stock.
•   in february 2019, we entered into an amended and restated equity shelf program (as defined below) pursuant to which we may offer and sell up to $1,500,000,000 of common stock from time to time. we sold 18,591,000 shares of common stock under our current and previous equity shelf programs and drip (as defined below), via both cash settle and forward sale agreements, generating expected gross proceeds of approximately $1,498,731,000.
•   in february 2019, we completed the issuance of $500,000,000 of 3.625% senior unsecured notes due 2024 and $550,000,000 of 4.125% senior unsecured notes due 2029 for net proceeds of approximately $1,036,964,000.
•   in march 2019 we repaid our $600,000,000 of 4.125% senior unsecured notes due 2019 and $450,000,000 of 6.125% senior unsecured notes due 2020.
•   in august 2019, we completed the issuance of $750,000,000 of 3.10% senior unsecured notes due 2030 and a follow-on issuance of $450,000,000 of 3.625% senior unsecured notes due 2024 priced to yield 2.494%, for net proceeds of approximately $1,209,328,000.
•   in september 2019, we repaid our $450,000,000 of 4.95% senior unsecured notes due 2021 and $600,000,000 of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2022.
•   in december 2019, we completed the issuance of $500,000,000 of 2.70% senior unsecured notes due 2027. the net proceeds of approximately $495,066,000 will be used to fund renewable energy, water conservation, energy efficiency and green building projects. additionally, we completed the issuance of $300,000,000 of 2.95% canadian-denominated senior unsecured notes due 2027 generating net proceeds of approximately cad $297,668,000.
•   in december 2019, we redeemed all of the outstanding $300,000,000 canadian-denominated 3.35% senior unsecured notes due 2020.
•   we extinguished $230,108,000 of secured debt at a blended average interest rate of 4.35% throughout 2019.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investments the following summarizes property acquisitions and joint venture investments made during the year ended december 31, 2019 (dollars in thousands):
properties       investment amount(1)   capitalization rates(2)         book amount(3)
seniors housing operating          62                $1,459,254                               5.1%      $1,802,836
triple-net                         10                   217,658                               6.5%         227,379
outpatient medical                105                 2,396,642                               5.6%       2,491,159
totals                            177                $4,073,554                               5.4%      $4,521,374
(1) represents stated pro rata purchase price including cash and any assumed debt but excludes fair value adjustments pursuant to u.s. gaap.
(2) represents annualized contractual or projected noi to be received in cash divided by investment amounts.
(3) represents amounts recorded in real property including fair value adjustments pursuant to u.s. gaap. see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
dispositions the following summarizes property dispositions made during the year ended december 31, 2019 (dollars in thousands):
properties           proceeds(1)   capitalization rates(2)             book amount(3)
seniors housing operating(4)          55              $1,803,413                            5.4%          $1,232,816
triple-net                            57                 902,731                            7.9%             667,632
outpatient medical(5)                  1                   8,500                           10.5%   482
totals                               113              $2,714,644                            6.3%          $1,900,930
(1) represents pro rata proceeds received upon disposition.
(2) represents annualized contractual net operating income that was being received in cash at date of disposition divided by disposition proceeds.
(3) represents carrying value of assets at time of disposition. see note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(4) includes the disposition of an unconsolidated real estate investment.
(5) reflects the disposition of an excess land parcel.
dividends our board of directors announced the 2020 annual cash dividend of $3.48 per common share ($0.87 per share quarterly), consistent with 2019, beginning in february 2020. the dividend declared for the quarter ended december 31, 2019 represents the 195th consecutive quarterly dividend payment.
key performance indicators, trends and uncertainties we utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. these indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength and concentration risk. management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions, and for budget planning purposes.
operating performance we believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders ("nics") per the statement of comprehensive income are the most appropriate earnings measures. other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common stockholders ("ffo") and consolidated net operating income ("noi"); however, these supplemental measures are not defined by u.s. gaap. please refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" for further discussion and reconciliations. these earnings measures are widely used by investors and analysts in the valuation, comparison and investment recommendations of companies. the following table reflects the recent historical trends of our operating performance measures for the periods presented (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2019                     2018                    2017
net income                                                         $1,330,410                $829,750                $540,613
net income attributable to common stockholders                      1,232,432                 758,250                 463,595
funds from operations attributable to common stockholders           1,577,080               1,392,183               1,165,576
consolidated net operating income                                   2,431,264               2,267,482               2,232,716
credit strength  we measure our credit strength both in terms of leverage ratios and coverage ratios. the leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash and internal revenue code ("irc") section 1031 deposits. the coverage ratios indicate our ability to service interest and fixed charges (interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends). we expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile. the coverage ratios are based on adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda"). please refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" for further discussion and reconciliation of these measures. leverage ratios and coverage ratios are widely used by investors, analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, investment recommendations and rating of companies. the following table reflects the recent historical trends for our credit strength measures for the periods presented:
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended december 31,
2019         2018           2017
net debt to book capitalization ratio                      46.5%          45.0%          42.9%
net debt to undepreciated book capitalization ratio        39.4%          37.8%          36.3%
net debt to market capitalization ratio                    29.6%          31.3%          31.2%
adjusted interest coverage ratio                           4.14x          4.11x          4.36x adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio                       3.78x          3.44x          3.54x concentration risk  we evaluate our concentration risk in terms of noi by property mix, relationship mix and geographic mix. concentration risk is a valuable measure in understanding what portion of our noi could be at risk if certain sectors were to experience downturns. property mix measures the portion of our noi that relates to our various property types. relationship mix measures the portion of our noi that relates to our current top five relationships. geographic mix measures the portion of our noi that relates to our current top five states (or international equivalents). the following table reflects our recent historical trends of concentration risk by noi for the years indicated below:
december 31,(1)
2019       2018        2017
property mix:
seniors housing operating        43%         43%         40%
triple-net                       38%         40%         43%
outpatient medical               19%         17%         17%
relationship mix:
sunrise senior living(2)         14%         15%         14%
promedica                         9%          4%          -%
revera(2)                         6%          7%          7%
genesis healthcare                5%          6%          9%
belmont village                   3%          3%          3%
remaining                        63%         65%         67%
geographic mix:
california                       13%         14%         13%
united kingdom                    8%          9%          9%
texas                             8%          8%          7%
new jersey                        7%          8%          8%
canada                            7%          7%          8%
remaining                        57%         54%         55%
(1) excludes our share of investments in unconsolidated entities and non-segment/corporate noi. entities in which we have a joint venture with a minority partner are shown at 100% of the joint venture amount.
(2) revera owns a controlling interest in sunrise senior living.
we evaluate our key performance indicators in conjunction with current expectations to determine if historical trends are indicative of future results. our expected results may not be achieved and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. factors that may cause actual results to differ from expected results are described in more detail in "item 1 - business - cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" and "item 1a - risk factors" and other sections of this annual report on form 10-k. management regularly monitors economic and other factors to develop strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. please refer to "item 1 - business," "item 1a - risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of these risk factors.
corporate governance maintaining investor confidence and trust is important in today's business environment. our board of directors and management are strongly committed to policies and procedures that reflect the highest level of ethical business practices. our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. these guidelines meet the listing standards adopted by the new york stock exchange and are available on the internet at www.welltower.com/investors/governance. the information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash our primary sources of cash include resident fees and services, rent and interest receipts, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses and general and administrative expenses. these sources and uses of cash are reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows and are discussed in further detail below. the following is a summary of our sources and uses of cash flows for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
year ended                    one year change                 year ended                      one year change                      two year change december 31,               december 31,                                                  december 31,
2019                       2018                                           $          %   2017                                             $   %                                $   %
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period            $316,129                   $309,303               $6,826        2           %            $607,220              $(297,917    )        -49   %        $(291,091    )        -48   %
net cash provided from (used in):                                                                                                                                                                                                                      n/a operating activities                                                        1,535,968                  1,583,944              (47,976    )         -3    %           1,434,177                149,767        10         %          101,791        7          %
investing activities                                                       (2,048,791      )          (2,386,471      )       337,680             -14    %             154,581             (2,541,052    )        n/a           (2,203,372    )        n/a financing activities                                                          577,150                    818,368             (241,218    )        -29    %          (1,913,527      )       2,731,895             n/a            2,490,677             n/a effect of foreign currency translation                                          5,310                     (9,015      )        14,325             n/a                   26,852                (35,867    )        n/a              (21,542    )        -80   %
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                  $385,766                   $316,129              $69,637        22          %            $309,303                 $6,826        2          %          $76,463        25         %
operating activities  the change in net cash provided from operating activities is attributable to changes in noi, which is primarily due to acquisitions and annual rent increasers, partially offset by dispositions. please see "results of operations" below for further discussion. for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, cash flows from operations exceeded cash distributions to stockholders.
investing activities  the changes in net cash used in investing activities are primarily attributable to net changes in real property investments, loans receivable and investments in unconsolidated entities which are summarized above in "key transactions." please refer to notes 3, , and  of our consolidated financial statements for additional information. the following is a summary of cash used in non-acquisition capital improvement activities for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
year ended                   one year change               year ended   one year change                                    two year change december 31,             december 31,                                               december 31,
2019                     2018                                         $         %   2017                     $                              %                       $         %
new development                                                                    $323,488                 $160,706             $162,782            101    %          $232,715          $(72,009      )         -31   %        $90,773             39    %
recurring capital expenditures, tenant improvements and lease commissions           136,535                   90,190               46,345             51    %            67,797          22,393             33         %         68,738            101    %
renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements                          192,289                  175,993               16,296              9    %           182,479          (6,486        )          -4   %          9,810              5    %
total                                                                              $652,312                 $426,889             $225,423             53    %          $482,991          $(56,102      )         -12   %       $169,321             35    %
the change in new development is primarily due to the number and size of construction projects on-going during the relevant periods. renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements include expenditures to maximize property value, increase net operating income, maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization.
financing activities  the changes in net cash provided from financing activities are primarily attributable to changes related to our long-term debt arrangements, the issuance/redemptions of common and preferred stock and dividend payments which are summarized above in "key transactions." please refer to notes ,  and 14 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2019, we had investments in unconsolidated entities with our ownership generally ranging from 10% to 50%. we use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate exposure. at december 31, 2019, we had thirteen outstanding letter of credit obligations. please see notes 8,  and  to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contractual obligations the following table summarizes our payment requirements under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 (in thousands):
payments due by period contractual obligations                                                     total   2020                                  2021-2022                 2023-2024                thereafter unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper(1,2)      $1,588,600                $643,600                      $-                  $945,000                        $-
senior unsecured notes and term credit facilities:(2)
u.s. dollar senior unsecured notes                                  8,100,000                       -                       -                 2,450,000                 5,650,000
canadian dollar senior unsecured notes(3)                             231,446                       -                       -                         -                   231,446
pounds sterling senior unsecured notes(3)                           1,393,245                       -                       -                         -                 1,393,245
u.s. dollar term credit facility                                      510,000                       -                  10,000                   500,000                         -
canadian dollar term credit facility(3)                               192,871                       -                       -                   192,871                         -
secured debt:(2,3)
consolidated                                                        2,993,342                 354,329                 861,052                   771,911                 1,006,050
unconsolidated                                                        826,396                  57,728                  52,172                    95,783                   620,713
contractual interest obligations:(4)
unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper               86,065                  25,302                  48,610                    12,153                         -
senior unsecured notes and term loans(3)                            4,144,774                 410,322                 838,436                   735,197                 2,160,819
consolidated secured debt(3)                                          510,973                 101,577                 163,885                   100,441                   145,070
unconsolidated secured debt(3)                                        179,382                  28,056                  52,130                    39,623                    59,573
financing lease liabilities(5)                                        186,335                   9,121                  16,935                    70,601                    89,678
operating lease obligations(5)                                      1,185,632                  23,356                  45,469                    43,411                 1,073,396
purchase obligations(6)                                               727,558                 536,105                 150,656                    27,787                    13,010
total contractual obligations                                     $22,856,619              $2,189,496              $2,239,345                $5,984,778               $12,443,000
(1) relates to our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper with an aggregate commitment of $3,000,000,000. see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.
(2) amounts represent principal amounts due and do not reflect unamortized premiums/discounts or other fair value adjustments as reflected on the balance sheet.
(3) based on foreign currency exchange rates in effect as of balance sheet date.
(4) based on variable interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2019.
(5) see note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(6) see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
capital structure please refer to "credit strength" above for a discussion of our leverage and coverage ratio trends. our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. certain agreements require us to maintain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. none of our debt agreements contain provisions for acceleration which could be triggered by our debt ratings. however, under our primary unsecured credit facility, the ratings on our senior unsecured notes are used to determine the fees and interest charged. we plan to manage the company to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and with a capital structure consistent with our current profile. any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition.
on may 17, 2018, we filed with the securities and exchange commission (1) an open-ended automatic or "universal" shelf registration statement covering an indeterminate amount of future offerings of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants and units and (2) a registration statement in connection with our enhanced dividend reinvestment plan ("drip") under which we may issue up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock. as of january 31, 2020, 2,728,696 shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the drip registration statement. on february 25, 2019, we entered into separate amended and restated equity distribution agreements with each of barclays capital inc., citigroup global markets inc., credit agricole securities (usa) inc., deutsche bank securities inc., goldman sachs & co. llc, j.p. morgan securities llc, keybanc capital markets inc., merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, morgan stanley & co. llc, mufg securities americas inc., rbc capital markets, llc, ubs securities llc and wells fargo securities, llc relating to the offer and sale from time to time of up to $1,500,000,000 aggregate amount of our common stock ("equity shelf program"), which replaced our existing equity shelf program entered into on august 3, 2018. the equity shelf program also allows us to enter into forward sale agreements. as of january 31, 2020, we had $1,075,537,000 of remaining capacity under the equity shelf program, which excludes item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward sales agreements outstanding for the sale of 6,799,978 shares with maturity dates in 2020 and 2021. we expect to physically settle the forward sales for cash proceeds. depending upon market conditions, we anticipate issuing securities under our registration statements to invest in additional properties and to repay borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program.
results of operations summary our primary sources of revenue include resident fees and services, rent and interest income. our primary expenses include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, property operating expenses, other expenses and general and administrative expenses.  we evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three business segments: seniors housing operating, triple-net and outpatient medical. the primary performance measures for our properties are noi and ssnoi and other supplemental measures include ffo and adjusted ebitda, which are further discussed below. please see "non-gaap financial measures" for additional information and reconciliations related to these supplemental measures.
this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2019 and 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018. discussions of 2017 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018.
the following is a summary of our results of operations for the periods presented (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts):
year ended                   one year change               year ended                   one year change                   two year change december 31,             december 31,                                               december 31,
2019                       2018                               amount              %   2017                               amount              %             amount              %
net income                                                         $1,330,410                 $829,750             $500,660             60    %          $540,613             $289,137             53   %       $789,797            146    %
nics                                                                1,232,432                  758,250              474,182                   %           463,595              294,655                  %        768,837            166    %
ffo                                                                 1,577,080                1,392,183              184,897             13    %         1,165,576              226,607             19   %        411,504             35    %
adjusted ebitda                                                     2,328,202                2,153,005              175,197              8    %         2,128,429               24,576              1   %        199,773              9    %
consolidated noi                                                    2,431,264                2,267,482              163,782              7    %         2,232,716               34,766              2   %        198,548              9    %
per share data (fully diluted):
net income attributable to commonstockholders                           $3.05                    $2.02                $1.03             51    %             $1.26                $0.76             60   %          $1.79            142    %
funds from operations attributable to common stockholders               $3.91                    $3.71                $0.20              5    %             $3.16                $0.55             17   %          $0.75             24    %
adjusted interest coverage ratio                                        4.14x                    4.11x                0.03x              1    %             4.36x               -0.25x             -6   %         -0.22x             -5    %
adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio                                    3.78x                    3.44x                0.34x             10    %             3.54x               -0.10x             -3   %          0.24x              7    %
the following table represents the changes in outstanding common stock for the period from january 1, 2017 to december 31, 2019 (in thousands):
year ended december 31, 2019         december 31, 2018         december 31, 2017              totals beginning balance                                     383,675                    371,732                   362,602                  362,602
dividend reinvestment plan issuances                    5,799                      6,529                     5,640                   17,968
preferred stock conversions                            12,712                          -                         4                   12,716
redemption of equity membership units                       -                          -                        91                       91
option exercises                                           11                         57                       253                      321
equity shelf program issuances                          7,856                      5,241                     2,987                   16,084
other, net                                                204                        116                       155                      475
ending balance                                        410,257                    383,675                   371,732                  410,257
average number of shares outstanding:
basic                                                 401,845                    373,620                   367,237
diluted                                               403,808                    375,250                   369,001
during the past three years, inflation has not significantly affected our earnings because of the moderate inflation rate. additionally, a portion of our earnings are derived primarily from long-term investments with predictable rates of return. these investments are mainly financed with a combination of equity, senior unsecured notes, secured debt and borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility. during inflationary periods, which generally are accompanied by rising interest rates, our ability to grow may be adversely affected because the yield on new investments may increase at a slower rate than new borrowing costs. presuming the current inflation rate remains moderate and long-term interest rates do not increase significantly, we believe that inflation will not impact the availability of equity and debt financing for us.
47
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations seniors housing operating the following is a summary of our same store noi ("ssnoi") for the seniors housing operating segment for the years presented (dollars in thousands):
2018 and 2019 same store pool   one year change                                    2017 and 2018 same store pool   one year change
2019                                          2018   $                     %           2018                                      2017   $                     %
ssnoi(1)          $699,867                    $701,493          $(1,626     )         -0.2   %           $816,416                 824,415          $(7,999     )         -1.0   %
(1) relates to 341 properties for the 2018 and 2019 same store pool and 390 properties for the 2017 and 2018 same store pool.
the following is a summary of our results of operations for the seniors housing operating segment for the years presented (dollars in thousands):
year ended                       one year change                 year ended                         one year change                    two year change december 31,               december 31,                                                     december 31,
2019                       2018                       $             %                       2017                           $           %                       $          %
revenues:
resident fees and services                          $3,448,175                 $3,234,852             $213,323                  7    %          $2,779,423                 $455,429               16    %      $668,752              24    %
interest income                                             36                        578                 (542    )           -94    %                  69          509                          738    %           (33    )        -48    %
other income                                             8,658                      5,024                3,634                 72    %               5,127                     (103    )          -2    %         3,531              69    %
total revenues                                       3,456,869                  3,240,454              216,415                  7    %           2,784,619                  455,835               16    %       672,250              24    %
property operating expenses                                                                                  2,417,349                  2,255,432              161,917                  7    %           1,904,593                  350,839               18    %       512,756              27    %
noi(1)                                               1,039,520                    985,022               54,498                  6    %             880,026                  104,996               12    %       159,494              18    %
other expenses:
depreciation and amortization                          553,189                    529,449               23,740                  4    %             484,796                   44,653                9    %        68,393              14    %
interest expense                                        67,983                     69,060               (1,077    )            -2    %              63,265                    5,795                9    %         4,718               7    %
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net               1,614                        110                1,504              1,367    %               3,785                   (3,675    )         -97    %        (2,171    )        -57    %
impairment of assets                                     2,145                      7,599               (5,454    )           -72    %              21,949                  (14,350    )         -65    %       (19,804    )        -90    %
other expenses                                          26,348                      6,624               19,724                298    %               8,347                   (1,723    )         -21    %        18,001             216    %
651,279                    612,842               38,437                  6    %             582,142                   30,700                5    %        69,137              12    %
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and other items                                   388,241                    372,180               16,061                  4    %             297,884                   74,296               25    %        90,357              30    %
income tax benefit (expense)                                                                                     6,246                      1,202                5,044                420    %             (16,430      )            17,632              107    %        22,676             138    %
income (loss) from unconsolidated entities                                                                      12,388                    (28,142      )        40,530                144    %            (105,236      )            77,094               73    %       117,624             112    %
gain (loss) on real estate dispositions, net                                                                   528,747                     (2,245      )       530,992             23,652    %              56,295                  (58,540    )        -104    %       472,452             839    %
income from continuing operations                                                                              935,622                    342,995              592,627                173    %             232,513                  110,482               48    %       703,109             302    %
net income (loss)                                                                                              935,622                    342,995              592,627                173    %             232,513                  110,482               48    %       703,109             302    %
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                56,513                       (660      )        57,173              8,663    %               8,472                   (9,132    )        -108    %        48,041             567    %
net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders                                                         $879,109                   $343,655             $535,454                156    %            $224,041                 $119,614               53    %      $655,068             292    %
(1) see non-gaap financial measures below.
fluctuations in resident fees and services and property operating expenses are primarily a result of acquisitions, segment transitions and the movement of u.s. and foreign currency exchange rates. the fluctuations in depreciation and amortization are due to acquisitions and variations in amortization of short-lived intangible assets. to the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these amounts will change accordingly.
during the three years presented, we recorded impairment charges on certain held for sale and held for use properties as the carrying value exceeded the estimated fair values. the fluctuations in gains (losses) on real estate dispositions are due to the volume of property sales and sales prices. the significant gain on real estate dispositions recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019 is related to the sale of the benchmark senior living portfolio. transaction costs related to asset acquisitions are capitalized as a component of the purchase price. the increase in other expenses during the year ended december 31, 2019 is primarily due to additional noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with acquisitions and operator transitions.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we completed two seniors housing operating construction projects representing $28,117,000 or $109,405 per unit. the following is a summary of our seniors housing operating construction projects, excluding expansions, pending as of december 31, 2019 (dollars in thousands):
48
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations location                 units/beds                  commitment            balance   est. completion wandsworth, uk           97                      $78,221              $69,877                   1q20
taylor, pa              113                       14,272               12,405                   1q20
beavercreek, oh         100                       12,032               11,561                   1q20
potomac, md             120                       56,720               23,145                   4q20
beckenham, uk           100                       62,497               27,423                   3q21
hendon, uk              102                       74,041               33,698                   4q21
barnet, uk              100                       68,335               28,499                   4q21
732                     $366,118              206,608
toronto, on                           project in planning stage        43,854
washington, dc                        project in planning stage        18,394
brookline, ma                         project in planning stage        17,382
$268,873
interest expense represents secured debt interest expense which fluctuates based on the net effect and timing of assumptions, segment transitions, fluctuations in foreign currency rates, extinguishments and principal amortizations. the fluctuations in loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt is primarily attributable to the volume of extinguishments and terms of the related secured debt.  the following is a summary of our seniors housing operating property secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands):
year ended                                  year ended                                  year ended december 31, 2019                           december 31, 2018                           december 31, 2017
weighted avg.                               weighted avg.                               weighted avg.
amount         interest rate                amount         interest rate                amount         interest rate beginning balance         $1,810,587                       3.87%      $1,988,700                       3.66%      $2,463,249                       3.94%
debt transferred in                -                          -%          35,830                       3.84%               -                          -%
debt issued                  343,696                       3.11%          45,447                       3.40%         228,772                       2.72%
debt assumed                 183,061                       4.58%         121,612                       5.55%               -                          -%
debt extinguished           (219,864     )                 4.28%        (240,095     )                 4.83%        (668,804     )                 4.81%
debt transferred out         (12,072     )                 3.89%               -                          -%               -                          -%
debt deconsolidated                -                          -%               -                          -%         (60,000     )                 3.80%
principal payments           (43,997     )                 3.45%         (47,886     )                 3.59%         (47,153     )                 3.60%
foreign currency              53,626                       3.33%         (93,021     )                 3.31%          72,636                       3.23%
ending balance            $2,115,037                       3.54%      $1,810,587                       3.87%      $1,988,700                       3.66%
monthly averages          $1,966,892                       3.70%      $1,915,663                       3.74%      $2,065,477                       3.66%
the majority of our seniors housing operating properties are formed through partnership interests. the increase in income (loss) from unconsolidated entities are largely due to a gain on the disposition of an unconsolidated entity during the year ended december 31, 2019. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners' share of net income (loss) related to joint ventures. the increase during the year ended december 31, 2019 relates primarily to our partner's share of the gain recognized on the sale of the benchmark senior living portfolio.
49
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations triple-net the following is a summary of our ssnoi for the triple-net segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
2018 and 2019 same store pool   one year change                                      2017 and 2018 same store pool   one year change
2019                                          2018   $                     %         2018                                          2017   $                     %
ssnoi(1)          $516,340                    $508,897          $7,443           1.5       %           $516,008                    $508,257          $7,751           1.5       %
(1) relates to 368 properties for the 2018 and 2019 same store pool and 366 properties for the 2017 and 2018 same store pool.
the following is a summary of our results of operations for the triple-net segment for the years presented (dollars in thousands):
year ended                         one year change               year ended                         one year change                        two year change december 31,             december 31,                                                     december 31,
2019                                       2018                          $            %   2017                                             $           %                          $           %
revenues:
rental income                                                      $903,798                 $828,865                 $74,933                 9    %          $885,811                 $(56,946    )          -6   %           $17,987                2    %
interest income                                                      62,599                   54,926                   7,673                14    %            73,742                  (18,816    )         -26   %           (11,143    )         -15    %
other income                                                          6,246                   17,173                 (10,927    )          -64    %             7,531                    9,642              128   %            (1,285    )         -17    %
total revenues                                                      972,643                  900,964                  71,679                 8    %           967,084                  (66,120    )          -7   %             5,559                1    %
property operating expenses                                          53,900                      915                  52,985             5,791    %                 -          915                          n/a                53,900              n/a noi(1)                                                              918,743                  900,049                  18,694                 2    %           967,084                  (67,035    )          -7   %           (48,341    )          -5    %
other expenses:
depreciation and amortization                                       232,626                  235,480                  (2,854    )           -1    %           243,830                   (8,350    )          -3   %           (11,204    )          -5    %
interest expense                                                     12,892                   14,225                  (1,333    )           -9    %            15,194                     (969    )          -6   %            (2,302    )         -15    %
loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net            (4,399      )            (4,016      )             (383    )          -10    %             2,284                   (6,300    )        -276   %            (6,683    )        -293    %
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net                                -                      (32      )   32                           100    %            29,083                  (29,115    )        -100   %           (29,083    )        -100    %
provision for loan losses                                            18,690                        -                  18,690               n/a                 62,966                  (62,966    )        -100   %           (44,276    )         -70    %
impairment of assets                                                 11,926                  107,980                 (96,054    )          -89    %            96,909                   11,071               11   %           (84,983    )         -88    %
other expenses(2)                                                    13,771                   90,975                 (77,204    )          -85    %           116,689                  (25,714    )         -22   %          (102,918    )         -88    %
285,506                  444,612                (159,106    )          -36    %           566,955                 (122,343    )         -22   %          (281,449    )         -50    %
income from continuing operations before income taxes and other items                                    633,237                  455,437                 177,800                39    %           400,129                   55,308               14   %           233,108               58    %
income tax benefit (expense)                                                                              (4,209      )             1,611                  (5,820    )         -361    %            (4,291      )             5,902              138   %    82                            2    %
income (loss) from unconsolidated entities                                                                22,985                   21,938                   1,047                 5    %            19,428                    2,510               13   %             3,557               18    %
gain (loss) on real estate dispositions, net                                                             218,322                  196,589                  21,733                11    %           286,325                  (89,736    )         -31   %           (68,003    )         -24    %
income from continuing operations                                                                        870,335                  675,575                 194,760                29    %           701,591                  (26,016    )          -4   %           168,744               24    %
net income                                                                                               870,335                  675,575                 194,760                29    %           701,591                  (26,016    )          -4   %           168,744               24    %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                 36,271                   19,306                  16,965                88    %             4,603                   14,703              319   %            31,668              688    %
net income attributable to common stockholders                                                          $834,064                 $656,269                $177,795                27    %          $696,988                 $(40,719    )          -6   %          $137,076               20    %
(1) see non-gaap financial measures below.
(2) see note 18 to our consolidated financial statements.
the increase to rental income for the year ended december 31, 2019 is primarily attributable to acquisitions including quality care properties ("qcp") in july 2018. in addition, we have recorded certain real estate property taxes on a gross basis, with the offset to property operating expenses, as a result of our asc 842 adoption on january 1, 2019. these increases are partially offset by the disposition or segment transition of various properties. certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the consumer price index ("cpi") and/or changes in the gross operating revenues of the tenant's properties. these escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. if gross operating revenues at our facilities and/or the cpi do not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. our leases could renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income. for the three months ended december 31, 2019, we had 20 leases with rental rate increasers ranging from 0.12% to 0.76% in our triple-net portfolio. the increase in other income for the year ended december 31, 2018 is primarily due to $10,805,000 of net lease termination fees recognized.
depreciation and amortization decreased primarily as a result of the disposition of triple-net properties exceeding acquisition and segment transitions. to the extent we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, our provision for depreciation and amortization will change accordingly.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recognized a provision for loan loss of $18,690,000 to fully reserve for and eventually wrote off certain real estate loans receivable that are no longer deemed collectible.
50
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations during the years presented, we recorded impairment charges on certain held for sale and held for use properties as the carrying value exceeded the estimated fair values. the fluctuations in gains on real estate dispositions are due to the volume of property sales and sales prices. transaction costs related to asset acquisitions are capitalized as a component of purchase price. the fluctuations in other expenses is primarily due noncapitalizable transaction costs from acquisitions, segment transitions and the termination/restructuring of preexisting relationships. during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recognized $79,576,000 related to a joint venture transaction, including the conversion of properties from triple-net to seniors housing operating and termination/restructuring of preexisting relationships.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, there were no construction projects completed. the following is a summary of triple-net construction projects, excluding expansions, pending as of december 31, 2019 (dollars in thousands):
location                   units/beds          commitment          balance   est. completion union, ky                 162               $34,600           $25,649                   1q20
westerville, oh           102                22,800            19,922                   1q20
droitwich, uk              70                16,805            11,730                   2q20
thousand oaks, ca          82                24,763             9,971                   4q20
redhill, uk                76                21,098             6,287                   1q21
leicester, uk              60                14,861             3,505                   1q21
wombourne, uk              66                15,923             3,515                   2q21
total                     618              $150,850           $80,579
total interest expense represents secured debt interest expense and related fees. the change in secured debt interest expense is due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, segment transitions, fluctuations in foreign currency rates, extinguishments and principal amortizations. the fluctuations in loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt is primarily attributable to the volume of extinguishments and terms of the related secured debt. the fluctuation in loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net is primarily attributable to the mark-to-market adjustment recorded on our genesis healthcare available-for-sale investment. the following is a summary of our triple-net secured debt principal activity for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
year ended                                                             year ended                                year ended december 31, 2019                                               december 31, 2018                         december 31, 2017
weighted avg.                             weighted avg.                             weighted avg.
amount                    interest rate              amount         interest rate              amount         interest rate beginning balance      $288,386                  3.63%              $347,474                       3.55%      $594,199                       4.58%
debt transferred in    12,072                    3.89%                     -                          -%             -                          -%
debt issued            -                         -%                        -                          -%        13,000                       4.57%
debt extinguished      -                         -%                   (4,107     )                 4.94%      (274,048     )                 5.95%
debt transferred out   -                         -%                  (35,830     )                 3.84%             -                          -%
principal payments     (4,017        )           5.21%                (3,982     )                 5.38%        (5,863     )                 5.66%
foreign currency       9,597                     2.99%               (15,169     )                 3.44%        20,186                       2.91%
ending balance         $306,038                  3.60%              $288,386                       3.63%      $347,474                       3.55%
monthly averages       $294,080                  3.63%              $321,730                       3.51%      $408,688                       3.91%
a portion of our triple-net properties were formed through partnerships. income or loss from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses from partnerships where we are the noncontrolling partner. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners' share of net income relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner.
outpatient medical the following is a summary of our ssnoi for the outpatient medical segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
2018 and 2019 same store pool   one year change                                      2017 and 2018 same store pool   one year change
2019                                          2018   $                     %         2018                                          2017   $                     %
ssnoi(1)          $311,612                    $308,139          $3,473           1.1       %           $343,059                    $336,990          $6,069           1.8       %
(1) relates to 197 properties for the 2018 and 2019 same store pool and 224 properties for the 2017 and 2018 same store pool.
the following is a summary of our results of operations for the outpatient medical segment for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
51
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended                           one year change               year ended                           one year change                         two year change december 31,             december 31,                                                       december 31,
2019                     2018                           $             %   2017                                             $             %                           $           %
revenues:
rental income                                       $684,602                 $551,557                 $133,045                 24   %           $560,060                  $(8,503    )            -2    %          $124,542               22    %
interest income                                        1,195                      310          885                            285   %                  -          310                            n/a                  1,195              n/a other income                                           2,031                    4,939                   (2,908    )           -59   %              3,340                    1,599                 48    %            (1,309    )         -39    %
total revenues                                       687,828                  556,806                  131,022                 24   %            563,400                   (6,594    )            -1    %           124,428               22    %
property operating expenses                                                               218,793                  176,670                   42,123                 24   %            179,332                   (2,662    )            -1    %            39,461                     %
noi(1)                                               469,035                  380,136                   88,899                      %            384,068                   (3,932    )            -1    %            84,967               22    %
other expenses:
depreciation and amortization                        241,258                  185,530                   55,728                 30   %            193,094                   (7,564    )            -4    %            48,164               25    %
interest expense                                      13,411                    7,051                    6,360                 90   %             10,015                   (2,964    )           -30    %             3,396               34    %
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net                 -                   11,928                  (11,928    )          -100   %              4,373                    7,555                173    %            (4,373    )        -100    %
impairment of assets                                  14,062                        -                   14,062                n/a                  5,625                   (5,625    )          -100    %             8,437              150    %
other expenses                                         1,788                    7,570                   (5,782    )           -76   %              1,911                    5,659                296    %              (123    )          -6    %
270,519                  212,079                   58,440                 28   %            215,018                   (2,939    )            -1    %            55,501               26    %
income from continuing operations before income taxes and other item                      198,516                  168,057                   30,459                 18   %            169,050                     (993    )            -1    %            29,466               17    %
income tax benefit (expense)                                                               (2,710      )              (125      )            (2,585    )        -2,068   %             (1,477      )             1,352                 92    %            (1,233    )         -83    %
income (loss) from unconsolidated entities                                                  7,061                    5,563                    1,498                 27   %              2,683                    2,880                107    %             4,378              163    %
gain (loss) on real estate dispositions, net                                                  972                  221,231                 (220,259    )          -100   %              1,630                  219,601             13,472    %              (658    )         -40    %
income from continuing operations                                                         203,839                  394,726                 (190,887    )           -48   %            171,886                  222,840                130    %            31,953               19    %
net income (loss)                                                                         203,839                  394,726                 (190,887    )           -48   %            171,886                  222,840                130    %            31,953               19    %
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                            5,194                    6,150                     (956    )           -16   %              4,765                    1,385                 29    %   429                            9    %
net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders                                    $198,645                 $388,576                $(189,931    )           -49   %           $167,121                 $221,455                133    %           $31,524               19    %
(1) see non-gaap financial measures below.
the fluctuations in rental income are primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new properties and the conversion of newly constructed outpatient medical properties, particularly the $1.25 billion cnl healthcare properties portfolio acquisition that closed in may 2019, partially offset by dispositions. certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the cpi. these escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. if the cpi does not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase. our leases could renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income. for the three months ended december 31, 2019, our consolidated outpatient medical portfolio signed 193,173 square feet of new leases and 424,579 square feet of renewals. the weighted-average term of these leases was six years, with a rate of $31.95 per square foot and tenant improvement and lease commission costs of $23.59 per square foot. substantially all of these leases contain an annual fixed or contingent escalation rent structure ranging from 2.0% to 3.5%.
the fluctuation in property operating expenses and depreciation and amortization are primarily attributable to acquisitions and construction conversions of new outpatient medical facilities, offset by dispositions. to the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these amounts will change accordingly. we recognized impairment charges related to certain held for sale properties as the carrying values exceeded the estimated fair values less costs to sell. changes in gains/losses on sales of properties are related to volume of property sales and the sales prices.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we completed one outpatient medical construction project representing $21,006,000 or $286 per square foot. the following is a summary of outpatient medical construction projects pending as of december 31, 2019 (dollars in thousands):
location           square feet          commitment            balance   est. completion porter, tx      55,000               $20,800             $16,124                   1q20
lowell, ma      50,668                11,900              10,288                   1q20
katy, tx        36,500                12,028               3,251                   2q20
brooklyn, ny   140,955               105,306              80,799                   3q20
total          283,123              $150,034            $110,462
total interest expense represents secured debt interest expense. the change in secured debt interest expense is primarily due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, extinguishments and principal amortizations. the fluctuations in loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt is primarily attributable the volume of extinguishments and terms of the related secured debt. the following is a summary of our outpatient medical secured debt principal activity for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
52
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended                                year ended                                year ended december 31, 2019                         december 31, 2018                         december 31, 2017
weighted avg.                             weighted avg.                             weighted avg.
amount         interest rate              amount         interest rate              amount         interest rate beginning balance       $386,738                       4.20%      $279,951                       4.72%      $404,079                       4.85%
debt assumed             202,084                       4.12%       171,275                       3.99%        23,094                       6.67%
debt extinguished        (10,244     )                 5.75%       (61,291     )                 7.43%      (137,416     )                 5.99%
principal payments        (6,311     )                 4.97%        (3,197     )                 5.91%        (9,806     )                 6.85%
ending balance          $572,267                       3.97%      $386,738                       4.20%      $279,951                       4.72%
monthly averages        $397,756                       4.15%      $238,214                       4.25%      $294,694                       4.62%
a portion of our outpatient medical properties were formed through partnerships. income or loss from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses from partnerships where we are the noncontrolling partner. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners' share of net income or loss relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner.
non-segment/corporate the following is a summary of our results of operations for the non-segment/corporate activities (dollars in thousands):
year ended                          one year change               year ended                   one year change                     two year change december 31,             december 31,                                                      december 31,
2019                     2018                                             $            %   2017                                       $           %                       $           %
revenues:
other income                                           $3,966                   $2,275                   $1,691                74   %             $1,538               $737               48   %         $2,428              158   %
expenses:
interest expense                                      461,273                  436,256                   25,017                 6   %            396,148             40,108               10   %         65,125               16   %
general and administrative expenses                   126,549                  126,383          166                             0   %            122,008              4,375                4   %          4,541                4   %
loss (gain) on extinguishments of debt, net            82,541                    4,091                   78,450             1,918   %                  -              4,091              n/a             82,541              n/a other expenses                                         10,705                    7,729                    2,976                39   %             50,829            (43,100    )         -85   %        (40,124    )         -79   %
total expenses                                        681,068                  574,459                  106,609                19   %            568,985              5,474                1   %        112,083               20   %
loss from continuing operations before income taxes                              (677,102      )          (572,184      )          (104,918    )          -18   %           (567,447      )      (4,737    )          -1   %       (109,655    )         -19   %
income tax benefit (expense)                                                       (2,284      )           (11,362      )             9,078                80   %              2,070            (13,432    )        -649   %         (4,354    )        -210   %
loss from continuing operations                                                  (679,386      )          (583,546      )           (95,840    )          -16   %           (565,377      )     (18,169    )          -3   %       (114,009    )         -20   %
preferred stock dividends                                                               -                   46,704                  (46,704    )         -100   %             49,410             (2,706    )          -5   %        (49,410    )        -100   %
preferred stock redemption charge                                                       -                        -                        -               n/a                  9,769             (9,769    )        -100   %         (9,769    )        -100   %
net loss attributable to common stockholders                                    $(679,386      )         $(630,250      )          $(49,136    )           -8   %          $(624,556      )     $(5,694    )          -1   %       $(54,830    )          -9   %
the following is a summary of our non-segment/corporate interest expense for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
year ended                   one year change               year ended                     one year change                   two year change december 31,             december 31,                                               december 31,
2019                                       2018                     $           %                     2017                         $         %                     $           %
senior unsecured notes                                                    $402,133                 $387,955            $14,178                4    %          $364,773                $23,182              6    %     $37,360               10    %
secured debt                                                                     -                      115               (115    )        -100    %               127                    (12    )        -9    %        (127    )        -100    %
unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program            43,861                   34,626              9,235               27    %            17,863                 16,763             94    %      25,998              146    %
loan expense                                                                15,279                   13,560              1,719               13    %            13,385          175                        1    %       1,894               14    %
totals                                                                    $461,273                 $436,256            $25,017                6    %          $396,148                $40,108             10    %     $65,125               16    %
the change in interest expense on senior unsecured notes is due to the net effect of issuances and extinguishments, as well as the movement in foreign exchange rates and related hedge activity. please refer to note 11 to consolidated financial statements for additional information. the change in interest expense on our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program is due primarily to the net effect and timing of draws, paydowns and variable interest rate changes. please refer to note 10 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. loan expenses represent the amortization of costs incurred in connection with senior unsecured notes issuances. the loss on extinguishment recognized in 2019 is due primarily to the early extinguishment of the $600,000,000 of 4.125% senior unsecured notes due 2019 and the $450,000,000 of 6.125% senior unsecured notes due 2020 in march 2019, the early extinguishment of the $450,000,000 of 4.95% senior unsecured notes due 2021 and the $600,000,000 of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2022 in september 2019 and the early redemption of the $300 million canadian-denominated 3.35% senior unsecured notes due 2020 in december 2019. the loss on extinguishment of debt in 2018 is due to the term loan facility drawn on in july 2018 and paid off in august 2018.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were 2.47%, 2.69% and 2.83%, respectively.
other expenses for all years include severance-related costs associated with the departure of certain executive officers and key employees.
the decrease in preferred dividends is due to the conversion of all outstanding series i cumulative convertible perpetual preferred stock during the year ended december 31, 2019.
other non-gaap financial measures we believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders ("nics"), as defined by u.s. gaap, are the most appropriate earnings measurements. however, we consider ffo, noi, ssnoi, ebitda and adjusted ebitda to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with u.s. gaap implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time as evidenced by the provision for depreciation. however, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient. in response, the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") created funds from operations attributable to common stockholders ("ffo") as a supplemental measure of operating performance for reits that excludes historical cost depreciation from net income. ffo, as defined by nareit, means nics, computed in accordance with u.s. gaap, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate and impairment of depreciable assets, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests.
consolidated net operating income ("noi") is used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties. we define noi as total revenues, including tenant reimbursements, less property operating expenses. property operating expenses represent costs associated with managing, maintaining and servicing tenants for our properties. these expenses include, but are not limited to, property-related payroll and benefits, property management fees paid to operators, marketing, housekeeping, food service, maintenance, utilities, property taxes and insurance. general and administrative expenses represent costs unrelated to property operations. these expenses include, but are not limited to, payroll and benefits, professional services, office expenses and depreciation of corporate fixed assets. same store noi ("ssnoi") is used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties using a consistent population which controls for changes in the composition of our portfolio. as used herein, same store is generally defined as those revenue-generating properties in the portfolio for the eight quarters ended december 31, 2019 ("2018 and 2019 same store pool") and december 31, 2018 ("2017 and 2018 same store pool"). land parcels, loans and sub-leases, as well as any properties acquired, under development, transitioned to a different segment, sold or classified as held for sale during that period are excluded from the same store amounts. additionally, unconsolidated properties are excluded from the same store amounts. we believe noi and ssnoi provide investors relevant and useful information because they measure the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. we use noi and ssnoi to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties.
ebitda stands for earnings (net income) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. we believe that ebitda, along with net income and cash flow provided from operating activities, is an important supplemental measure because it provides additional information to assess and evaluate the performance of our operations. we primarily utilize ebitda to measure our interest coverage ratio, which represents ebitda divided by total interest, and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents ebitda divided by fixed charges. fixed charges include total interest, secured debt principal amortization, and preferred dividends. covenants in our senior unsecured notes and primary unsecured credit facility contain financial ratios based on a definition of ebitda that is specific to those agreements. failure to satisfy these covenants could result in an event of default that could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. due to the materiality of these debt agreements and the financial covenants, we have disclosed adjusted ebitda, which represents ebitda as defined above excluding unconsolidated entities and adjusted for items per our covenant. we use adjusted ebitda to measure our adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents adjusted ebitda divided by fixed charges on a trailing twelve months basis. fixed charges include total interest (excluding capitalized interest and non-cash interest expenses), secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends. our covenant requires an adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.50 times.
our supplemental reporting measures and similarly entitled financial measures are widely used by investors, equity and debt analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, rating and investment recommendations of companies. management uses these financial measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results and in making operating decisions. additionally, these measures are utilized by the board of directors to evaluate management. none of our supplemental measures represent net income or cash flow provided from operating activities as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered as alternative measures of profitability or liquidity. finally, the supplemental measures, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly entitled items reported by other real estate investment trusts or other companies.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the table below reflects the reconciliation of ffo to nics, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure, for the periods presented. noncontrolling interest and unconsolidated entity amounts represent adjustments to reflect our share of depreciation and amortization, gains/loss on real estate dispositions and impairments of assets. amounts are in thousands except for per share data.
year ended december 31, ffo reconciliation:                                         2019                     2018                      2017
net income attributable to common stockholders                     $1,232,432                  $758,250                  $463,595
depreciation and amortization                                       1,027,073                   950,459                   921,720
impairment of assets                                                   28,133                   115,579                   124,483
loss (gain) on real estate dispositions, net                         (748,041    )             (415,575    )             (344,250    )
noncontrolling interests                                              (20,197    )              (69,193    )              (60,018    )
unconsolidated entities                                                57,680                    52,663                    60,046
funds from operations attributable to common stockholders          $1,577,080                $1,392,183                $1,165,576
average diluted shares outstanding:                                   403,808                   375,250                   369,001
per diluted share data:
net income attributable to common stockholders                          $3.05                     $2.02                     $1.26
funds from operations attributable to common stockholders               $3.91                     $3.71                     $3.16
the table below reflects the reconciliation of ebitda and adjusted ebitda to net income, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure, for the periods presented. dollars are in thousands.
year ended december 31, adjusted ebitda reconciliation:                             2019                                        2018   2017
net income                                                         $1,330,410                  $829,750                  $540,613
interest expense                                                      555,559                   526,592                   484,622
income tax expense (benefit)                                            2,957                     8,674                    20,128
depreciation and amortization                                       1,027,073                   950,459                   921,720
ebitda                                                              2,915,999                 2,315,475                 1,967,083
loss (income) from unconsolidated entities                            (42,434    )                  641                    83,125
stock-based compensation expense(1)                                    25,047                    27,646                    19,102
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net                             84,155                    16,097                    37,241
loss (gain) on real estate dispositions, net                         (748,041    )             (415,575    )             (344,250    )
impairment of assets                                                   28,133                   115,579                   124,483
provision for loan losses                                              18,690                         -                    62,966
loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net              (4,399    )               (4,016    )                2,284
other expenses(1)                                                      51,052                   111,990                   176,395
additional other income                                                     -                   (14,832    )                    -
adjusted ebitda                                                    $2,328,202                $2,153,005                $2,128,429
adjusted interest coverage ratio:
interest expense                                                     $555,559                  $526,592                  $484,622
capitalized interest                                                   15,272                     7,905                    13,489
non-cash interest expense                                              (8,645    )              (10,860    )              (10,359    )
total interest                                                        562,186                   523,637                   487,752
adjusted ebitda                                                    $2,328,202                $2,153,005                $2,128,429
adjusted interest coverage ratio                                        4.14x                     4.11x                     4.36x adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio:
total interest                                                       $562,186                  $523,637                  $487,752
secured debt principal payments                                        54,325                    56,288                    64,078
preferred dividends                                                         -                    46,704                    49,410
total fixed charges                                                   616,511                   626,629                   601,240
adjusted ebitda                                                    $2,328,202                $2,153,005                $2,128,429
adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio                                    3.78x                     3.44x                     3.54x
(1) certain severance-related costs are included in stock-based compensation and excluded from other expenses.
55
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our leverage ratios include book capitalization, undepreciated book capitalization and market capitalization. book capitalization represents the sum of net debt (defined as total long-term debt less cash and cash equivalents and any irc section 1031 deposits), total equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests. undepreciated book capitalization represents book capitalization adjusted for accumulated depreciation and amortization. market capitalization represents book capitalization adjusted for the fair market value of our common stock. our leverage ratios are defined as the proportion of net debt to total capitalization. the table below reflects the reconciliation of our leverage ratios to our balance sheets for the periods presented. amounts are in thousands, except share price.
year ended december 31,
2019                      2018                      2017
book capitalization:
unsecured credit facility and commercial paper                                                   $1,587,597                $1,147,000                  $719,000
long-term debt obligations(1)                                                                    13,436,365                12,150,144                11,012,936
cash and cash equivalents(2)                                                                       (284,917    )             (215,376    )             (249,620    )
total net debt                                                                                   14,739,045                13,081,768                11,482,316
total equity and noncontrolling interests(3)                                                     16,982,504                16,010,645                15,300,646
book capitalization                                                                             $31,721,549               $29,092,413               $26,782,962
net debt to book capitalization ratio                              46.5    %                 45.0    %                 42.9    %
undepreciated book capitalization:
total net debt                                                                                  $14,739,045               $13,081,768               $11,482,316
accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                         5,715,459                 5,499,958                 4,838,370
total equity and noncontrolling interests(3)                                                     16,982,504                16,010,645                15,300,646
undepreciated book capitalization                                                               $37,437,008               $34,592,371               $31,621,332
net debt to undepreciated book capitalization ratio                39.4    %                 37.8    %                 36.3    %
market capitalization:
common shares outstanding                                                                           410,257                   383,675                   371,732
period end share price                                                                               $81.78                    $69.41                    $63.77
common equity market capitalization                                                             $33,550,817               $26,630,882               $23,705,350
total net debt                                                                                   14,739,045                13,081,768                11,482,316
noncontrolling interests(3)                                                                       1,442,060                 1,378,311                   877,499
preferred stock                                                                                           -                   718,498                   718,503
market capitalization:                                                                          $49,731,922               $41,809,459               $36,783,668
net debt to market capitalization ratio                            29.6    %                 31.3    %                 31.2    %
(1) amounts include senior unsecured notes, secured debt and lease liabilities related to financing leases, as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet.
(2) inclusive of irc section 1031 deposits, if any.
(3) includes amounts attributable to both redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet.
the following tables reflect the reconciliation of noi to net income, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure, for the years presented. dollar amounts are in thousands.
year ended december 31, noi reconciliation:                                         2019                                        2018   2017
net income                                                         $1,330,410                  $829,750                  $540,613
loss (gain) on real estate dispositions, net                         (748,041    )             (415,575    )             (344,250    )
loss (income) from unconsolidated entities                            (42,434    )                  641                    83,125
income tax expense (benefit)                                            2,957                     8,674                    20,128
other expenses                                                         52,612                   112,898                   177,776
impairment of assets                                                   28,133                   115,579                   124,483
provision for loan losses                                              18,690                         -                    62,966
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net                             84,155                    16,097                    37,241
loss (gain) on derivatives and financial instruments, net              (4,399    )               (4,016    )                2,284
general and administrative expenses                                   126,549                   126,383                   122,008
depreciation and amortization                                       1,027,073                   950,459                   921,720
interest expense                                                      555,559                   526,592                   484,622
consolidated net operating income (noi)                            $2,431,264                $2,267,482                $2,232,716
noi by segment:
seniors housing operating                                          $1,039,520                  $985,022                  $880,026
triple-net                                                            918,743                   900,049                   967,084
outpatient medical                                                    469,035                   380,136                   384,068
non-segment/corporate                                                   3,966                     2,275                     1,538
total noi                                                          $2,431,264                $2,267,482                $2,232,716
56
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a reconciliation of our consolidated noi to same store noi for the periods presented for the respective pools. dollar amounts are in thousands.
2018 and 2019 same store pool                            2017 and 2018 same store pool ssnoi reconciliations:                          2019                                              2018   2018                                              2017
noi:
seniors housing operating                              $1,039,520                      $985,022                   $985,022                      $880,026
triple-net                                                918,743                       900,049                    900,049                       967,084
outpatient medical                                        469,035                       380,136                    380,136                       384,068
total                                                   2,427,298                     2,265,207                  2,265,207                     2,231,178
adjustments:
seniors housing operating:
non-cash ssnoi on same store properties                    (1,720      )                 (1,344      )              (1,176      )                 (1,542      )
noi attributable to non same store properties            (337,933      )               (282,185      )            (167,430      )                (54,069      )
subtotal                                                 (339,653      )               (283,529      )            (168,606      )                (55,611      )
triple-net:
non-cash ssnoi on same store properties                    28,033                        25,981                     17,057                        23,970
noi attributable to non same store properties            (430,436      )               (417,133      )            (401,098      )               (482,797      )
subtotal                                                 (402,403      )               (391,152      )            (384,041      )               (458,827      )
outpatient medical:
non-cash ssnoi on same store properties                     7,067                         7,224                      9,551                         9,576
noi attributable to non same store properties            (164,490      )                (79,221      )             (46,628      )                (56,654      )
subtotal                                                 (157,423      )                (71,997      )             (37,077      )                (47,078      )
ssnoi:
seniors housing operating                                 699,867                       701,493                    816,416                       824,415
triple-net                                                516,340                       508,897                    516,008                       508,257
outpatient medical                                        311,612                       308,139                    343,059                       336,990
total                                                  $1,527,819                    $1,518,529                 $1,675,483                    $1,669,662
2018 and 2019 same store pool                                                                                                         2017 and 2018 same store pool ssnoi property reconciliations:                           seniors housing operating                    triple-net                outpatient medical                         total               seniors housing operating                    triple-net                outpatient medical                         total total properties                                                 533                                658                             387                           1,578                                501                                726                             281                           1,508
recent acquisitions/development conversions                      (77              )                (237         )                  (138           )                (452         )                      (26              )                (246         )                   (44           )                (316         )
developments                                                     (11              )                  (7         )                    (4           )                 (22         )                       (4              )                  (9         )                    (4           )                 (17         )
held for sale                                                    (18              )                 (11         )                   (42           )                 (71         )                      (13              )                 (40         )                    (2           )                 (55         )
segment transitions                                              (86              )                 (18         )                     -                            (104         )                      (68              )                 (44         )                     -                            (112         )
loans, land parcels and subleases(1)                               -                                (17         )                    (6           )                 (23         )                        -                                (21         )                    (7           )                 (28         )
same store properties                                            341                                368                             197                             906                                390                                366                             224                             980
(1) includes eight land parcels, eight subleases and seven loans for the 2018 and 2019 same store pool and nine land parcels, eight subleases and 11 loans for the 2017 and 2018 same store pool.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions. management considers accounting estimates or assumptions critical if:
•   the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and
•   the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material.
management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosure presented below relating to them. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate and are not reasonably likely to change in the future. however, since these estimates require assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, they bear the risk of change. if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. please refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on significant accounting policies that impact us and for the impact of new accounting standards, including accounting pronouncements that were issued but not yet adopted by us.
the following table presents information about our critical accounting policies, as well as the material assumptions used to develop each estimate:
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nature of criticalaccounting estimate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         assumptions/approachused impairment of real property                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   quarterly, we evaluate our real estate investments on a property by property basis to determine if there are indicators of impairment. these indicators may include expected operational performance, the tenant's ability to make rent payments, a decision to dispose of an asset before the end of its estimated useful life and changes in the market that may permanently reduce the value of the property. if indicators of impairment exist, an undiscounted cash flow analysis will be prepared and the results of such analysis will be compared to the current net book value to determine if an impairment charge is necessary. this analysis requires us to use judgment in determining whether indicators of impairment exist and to estimate the expected future undiscounted cash flows or estimated fair values of the property. properties that meet the held for sale criteria are recorded at the lesser of the fair value less costs to sell or carrying value.
assessing impairment of real property involves subjectivity in determining if indicators of impairment are present and in estimating the future undiscounted cash flows or estimated fair value of an asset. in estimating the undiscounted cash flows or fair value, key assumptions that would be made are the estimation of future rental revenues, operating expenses, capitalization rates and the ability and intent to hold the respective asset, all of which are affected by our expectations of future market or economic conditions. these estimates can have a significant impact on the undiscounted cash flows or estimated fair value of an asset.
real estate acquisitions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the allocation of the purchase price to the related real estate acquired (tangible assets and intangible assets and liabilities) involves subjectivity as such allocations are based on a relative fair value analysis. in determining the fair values that drive such analysis, we estimate the fair value of each component of the real estate acquired which generally includes land, buildings and improvements, the above or below market component of in-place leases and the value of in-place leases. significant assumptions used to determine such fair values include comparable land sales, capitalization rates, discount rates, market rental rates and property operating data, all of which can be impacted by expectations about future market or economic conditions. our estimates of the values of these components affect the amount of depreciation and amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property or the term of the lease.
we believe that substantially all of our real estate acquisitions are considered asset acquisitions for which we record the related real estate acquired (tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities) at cost on a relative fair value basis. liabilities assumed and any associated noncontrolling interests are reflected at fair value. tangible assets consist primarily of land, building and improvements. identifiable intangible assets and liabilities primarily consist of the above or below market component of in-place leases and the value of in-place leases. the total amount of other intangible assets acquired is further allocated to in-place lease values and customer relationship values based on management's evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant's lease and our overall relationship with respect to that tenant.
principles of consolidation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   we make judgments about which entities are vies based on an assessment of whether (i) the equity investors as a group, if any, do not have a controlling financial interest, or (ii) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support. we make judgments with respect to our level of influence or control of an entity and whether we are (or are not) the primary beneficiary of a vie. consideration of various factors includes, but is not limited to, our ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance, our form of ownership interest, our representation on the entity's governing body, the size and seniority of our investment, our ability and the rights of other investors to participate in policy making decisions, replace the manager and/or liquidate the entity, if applicable. our ability to correctly assess our influence or control over an entity at inception of our involvement or on a continuous basis when determining the primary beneficiary of a vie affects the presentation of these entities in our consolidated financial statements. if we perform a primary beneficiary analysis at a date other than at inception of the vie, our assumptions may be different and may result in the identification of a different primary beneficiary.
the consolidated financial statements include our accounts, the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and the accounts of joint venture entities in which we own a majority voting interest with the ability to control operations and where no substantive participating rights or substantive kick out rights have been granted to the noncontrolling interests. in addition, we consolidate those entities deemed to be variable interest entities ("vies") in which we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. all material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nature of criticalaccounting estimate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        assumptions/approachused allowance for loan losses                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the determination of the allowance is based on a quarterly evaluation of all outstanding loans, including general economic conditions and estimated collectability of loan payments. we evaluate the collectability of our loans receivable based on a combination of factors, including, but not limited to, delinquency status, historical loan charge-offs, financial strength of the borrower and guarantors, and value of the underlying collateral. any loans with collectability concerns are subjected to a projected payoff valuation. the valuation is based on the expected future cash flows and/or the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. the valuation is compared to the outstanding balance to determine the reserve needed for each loan. we may base our valuation on the fair value of collateral, net of sales costs, if the repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the collateral.
the allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed adequate to absorb potential losses in our loans receivable. the determination of the allowance is based on a quarterly evaluation of all outstanding loans. if this evaluation indicates that there is a greater risk of loan charge-offs, additional allowances or placement on non-accrual status may be required. a loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due as scheduled according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement or if it has been modified in a troubled debt restructuring. consistent with this definition, all loans on non-accrual are deemed impaired. to the extent circumstances improve and the risk of collectability is diminished, we will return these loans to income accrual status.
