item 1a. risk factors.
in an effort to keep our stockholders and the public informed about our business, we may make "forward-looking statements." forward-looking statements are often identified by the words, "will," "may," "should," "continue," "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "forecast," "project," "estimate," "intend" and words of a similar nature and generally include statements regarding:
●   future results of operations, including revenues, earnings or cash flows;

●   plans and objectives for the future;

●   projections, estimates or assumptions relating to our operational or financial performance; or

●   our opinions, views or beliefs about the effects of current or future events, circumstances or performance.

you should view these statements with caution. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, circumstances or events. they are based on facts and circumstances known to us as of the date the statements are made. all aspects of our business are subject to uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which we do not control. any of these factors, either alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on us and could change whether any forward-looking statement ultimately turns out to be true. additionally, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of future events, circumstances or developments. the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. outlined below are some of the risks that we believe could affect our business and financial statements for 2020 and beyond and could cause actual results to be materially different from those that may be set forth in forward-looking statements made by the company.
the waste industry is highly competitive, and if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental and private sources in all aspects of our operations. we principally compete with large national waste management companies, counties and municipalities that maintain their own waste collection and disposal operations and regional and local companies of varying sizes and financial resources. the industry also includes companies that specialize in certain discrete areas of waste management, operators of alternative disposal facilities, companies that seek to use parts of the waste stream as feedstock for renewable energy and other by-products, and waste brokers that rely upon haulers in local markets to address customer needs. in recent years, the industry has seen some additional consolidation, though the industry remains intensely competitive. counties and municipalities may have financial competitive advantages because tax revenues are available to them and tax-exempt financing is more readily available to them. also, such governmental units may attempt to impose flow control or other restrictions that would give them a competitive advantage. in addition, some of our competitors may have lower financial expectations, allowing them to reduce their prices to expand sales volume or to win competitively-bid contracts, including large national accounts and exclusive franchise arrangements with municipalities. when this happens, we may lose customers and be unable to execute our pricing strategy, resulting in a negative impact to our revenue growth from yield on base business.
15
if we fail to implement our business strategy, our financial performance and our growth could be materially and adversely affected.
our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully. implementation of our strategy will require effective management of our operational, financial and human resources and will place significant demands on those resources. see item 1. business for more information on our business strategy.
there are risks involved in pursuing our strategy, including the following:
●   our employees, customers or investors may not embrace and support our strategy.

●   we may not be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary to manage our strategy effectively.

●   a key element of our strategy is yield management through focus on price leadership, which has presented challenges to keep existing business and win new business at reasonable returns. we have also continued our environmental fee, fuel surcharge and regulatory recovery fee to offset costs. the loss of volumes as a result of price increases and our unwillingness to pursue lower margin volumes may negatively affect our cash flows or results of operations. additionally, we have in the past and may in the future face purported class action lawsuits related to our customer service agreements, prices and fees.

●   we may be unsuccessful in implementing improvements to operational efficiency and such efforts may not yield the intended result.

●   we may not be able to maintain cost savings achieved through optimization efforts.

●   strategic decisions with respect to our asset portfolio may result in impairments to our assets. see item 1a. risk factors - we may record material charges against our earnings due to impairments to our assets.

●   our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets, negotiate advantageous transactions despite competition for such opportunities, fund such acquisitions on favorable terms, obtain regulatory approvals and realize the benefits we expect from those transactions.

●   acquisitions, investments and/or new service offerings may not increase our earnings in the timeframe anticipated, or at all, due to difficulties operating in new markets or providing new service offerings, failure of emerging technologies to perform as expected, failure to operate within budget, integration issues, or regulatory issues, among others.

●   integration of acquisitions and/or new services offerings could increase our exposure to the risk of inadvertent noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.

●   liabilities associated with acquisitions, including ones that may exist only because of past operations of an acquired business, may prove to be more difficult or costly to address than anticipated.

●   execution of our strategy, particularly growth through acquisitions, may cause us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may divert capital away from our traditional business operations and other financial plans.

●   we continue to seek to divest underperforming and non-strategic assets if we cannot improve their profitability. we may not be able to successfully negotiate the divestiture of underperforming and non-strategic operations, which could result in asset impairments or the continued operation of low-margin businesses.

in addition to the risks set forth above, implementation of our business strategy could also be affected by other factors beyond our control, such as increased competition, legal developments, government regulation, general economic conditions, increased operating costs or expenses, subcontractor costs and availability and changes in industry trends. we may decide to alter or discontinue certain aspects of our business strategy at any time. if we are not able to implement our business strategy successfully, our long-term growth and profitability may be adversely affected. even if we are able to implement some or all of the initiatives of our business strategy successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all.
16
our planned acquisition of advanced disposal services, inc. ("advanced disposal") may not occur at all, may not occur in the expected time frame or may involve the divestiture of certain businesses and assets, which may negatively affect the trading price of our common stock and our future business and financial results.
on april 14, 2019, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified conditions, we agreed to acquire advanced disposal. if the acquisition is completed, advanced disposal will become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of wm. the consummation of the acquisition is not assured and is subject to certain conditions, including the expiration or termination of any waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the absence of any law or order restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the acquisition, as well as other customary closing conditions.
the planned acquisition of advanced disposal is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including general economic and capital markets conditions; the effects that the pending merger may have on us, advanced disposal and our respective businesses; inability to obtain required regulatory or government approvals or to obtain such approvals on satisfactory conditions; inability of advanced disposal to satisfy other closing conditions; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the agreement and plan of merger, several of which could require us to pay a termination fee of $150 million to advanced disposal; legal proceedings that may be instituted related to the proposed acquisition and the legal expenses and diversion of management's attention that may be associated therewith; and unexpected costs, charges or expenses. if the planned acquisition of advanced disposal is not completed, if there are significant delays in completing the planned acquisition or if the planned acquisition involves an unexpected amount of required divestitures, it could negatively affect the trading price of our common stock and our future business and financial results.
additionally, in may 2019, we issued senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $3 billion that include a special mandatory redemption feature. this feature provides that if the acquisition of advanced disposal is not completed on or prior to july 14, 2020, or if, prior to such date, the agreement and plan of merger is terminated for any reason, we will be required to redeem all of such outstanding notes equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amounts of such notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest. our ability to pay the redemption price may be limited by our financial resources at the time and the terms of our debt instruments and other instruments and agreements. we may also be required to incur additional indebtedness and reduce availability under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility to fund the redemption price. any failure to pay the special mandatory redemption price of such notes when due would constitute an event of default with respect to the notes of such series and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and the market prices of our securities. further, if we redeem such series of notes pursuant to the special mandatory redemption feature, our investors may be dissatisfied that they did not obtain the return that they expected on their investment in those notes.
we may not realize the strategic benefits and cost synergies that are anticipated from the planned acquisition of advanced disposal.
the benefits that are expected to result from the planned acquisition of advanced disposal will depend, in part, on our ability to realize anticipated cost synergies. our success in realizing these benefits and cost synergies, and the timing of this realization, depends on the successful integration of advanced disposal. there is a significant degree of difficulty and management distraction inherent in the process of integrating an acquisition of this size. the process of integrating operations could cause business interruption and distraction. some members of our management may be required to devote considerable time to this integration process, which will decrease the time they will have to manage our company, service existing customers, attract new customers and develop new products or strategies. if management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.
the acquisition of advanced disposal may not result in realization of the benefits and cost synergies that we currently expect, and we cannot guarantee that these benefits and cost synergies will be achieved within anticipated time frames or at all. additionally, we may incur substantial expenses in connection with the integration of advanced disposal, which may exceed expectations and offset certain benefits.
17
compliance with existing or increased future regulations and/or enforcement of such regulations can restrict or change our operations, increase our operating costs or require us to make additional capital expenditures, and a decrease in regulation may lower barriers to entry for our competitors.
stringent government regulations at the federal, state, provincial and local level in the u.s. and canada have a substantial impact on our business, and compliance with such regulations is costly. many complex laws, rules, orders and interpretations govern environmental protection, health, safety, land use, zoning, transportation and related matters. among other things, governmental regulations and enforcement actions restrict our operations at times and may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by imposing conditions such as:
●   limitations on siting and constructing new waste disposal, transfer, recycling or processing facilities or on expanding existing facilities;

●   limitations, regulations or levies on collection and disposal prices, rates and volumes;

●   limitations or bans on disposal or transportation of out-of-state waste or certain categories of waste;

●   mandates regarding the management of solid waste, including requirements to recycle, divert or otherwise process certain waste, recycling and other streams; or

●   limitations or restrictions on the recycling, processing or transformation of waste, recycling and other streams.

regulations affecting the siting, design and closure of landfills require us, at times, to undertake investigatory or remedial activities, curtail operations or close landfills temporarily or permanently. we have significant financial obligations relating to final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation at our existing landfills and we establish accruals for these estimated costs. expenditures could be accelerated or materially exceed our accruals due to the types of waste collected and manner in which it is transported and disposed of, including actions taken in the past by companies we have acquired or third-party landfill operators; environmental regulatory changes; new information about waste types previously collected, such as pfas or other emerging contaminates, and other reasons.
in order to develop, expand or operate a landfill or other waste management facility, we must have various facility permits and other governmental approvals, including those relating to zoning, environmental protection and land use. the permits and approvals are often difficult, time consuming and costly to obtain and sometimes contain conditions that limit our operations.
various states have enacted, or are considering enacting, laws that restrict the disposal within the state of solid waste generated outside the state. from time to time, the u.s. congress has considered legislation authorizing states to adopt regulations, restrictions, or taxes on the importation of out-of-state or out-of-jurisdiction waste. additionally, several state and local governments have enacted "flow control" regulations, which attempt to require that all waste generated within the state or local jurisdiction be deposited at specific sites. the u.s. congress' adoption of legislation allowing restrictions on interstate transportation of out-of-state or out-of-jurisdiction waste certain types of flow control, or courts' interpretations of interstate waste and flow control legislation, could adversely affect our solid and hazardous waste management services.
additionally, regulations establishing extended producer responsibility ("epr") are being considered or implemented in many places around the world, including in the u.s. and canada. epr regulations are designed to place either partial or total responsibility on producers to fund the post-use life cycle of the products they create. along with the funding responsibility, producers may be required to undertake additional responsibilities, such as taking over management of local recycling programs by taking back their products from end users or managing the collection operations and recycling processing infrastructure. there is no federal law establishing epr in the u.s. or canada; however, state, provincial and local governments could, and in some cases have, taken steps to implement epr regulations. if wide-ranging epr regulations were adopted, they could have a fundamental impact on the waste streams we manage and how we operate our business, including contract terms and pricing. a significant reduction in the waste, recycling and other streams we manage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
18
the regulatory environment in which we operate is influenced by changes in leadership at the federal, state, provincial and local levels. the policies set forth under the current u.s. administration, for example, have included substantial changes to foreign trade policy and generally have been in favor of reducing regulation, including environmental regulation. we cannot predict what impact the current administration will have on future regulations impacting our industry, especially given the number of rules currently in litigation, nor can we predict the timing of any such changes. reduction of regulation may have a favorable impact on our operating costs, but the extensive environmental regulation governing landfills is a substantial barrier to entry that benefits our company. moreover, the risk reduction provided by stringent regulation is valuable to our customers and the communities we serve. it is likely that some policies adopted by the current administration will benefit us and others will negatively affect us.
our revenues, earnings and cash flows will fluctuate based on changes in commodity prices, and commodity prices for recyclable materials are particularly susceptible to volatility based on regulations and tariffs that affect our ability to export products.
enforcement or implementation of foreign and domestic regulations can affect our ability to export products. a significant portion of the fiber that we market has historically been shipped to export markets across the globe, particularly china. in recent years, the chinese government announced bans on certain materials and begun to enforce extremely restrictive quality and other requirements that have significantly reduced china's import of recyclables. the chinese government has also limited the flow of material into china by restricting the issuance of required import licenses and the restriction on import licenses is expected to constrict further in 2020. in addition, changes to foreign trade policy and tariffs imposed by the current u.s. administration have resulted in china imposing new tariffs on the import of recyclables. we anticipate china will ban the import of recyclables completely in 2021. many other markets, both domestic and foreign, have tightened their quality expectations and limited or restricted the import of certain recyclables as well.
such trade restrictions and tariffs have disrupted the global trade of recyclables, particularly fiber, creating excess supply and decreasing recyclable commodity prices. we have been actively working to identify alternative markets for recycling commodities, but there may not be demand for all of the material we produce. the heightened quality requirements have been difficult for the industry to achieve and have driven up operating costs. in particular, single-stream mrfs process a wide range of commingled materials and tend to receive a higher percentage of non-recyclables, which results in increased processing and residual disposal costs to achieve quality standards. as recyclable commodity prices have fallen and operating costs have increased, we and other recyclers are seeking to pass cost increases through to customers. the resulting price increase for recycling services in communities and at businesses in the u.s. has resulted in some customers reducing or eliminating their recycling service.
reductions in market prices for recycling commodities, and reduction in demand for recycling commodities and recycling services, have negatively impacted our operating income and cash flows in 2018 and 2019. the decline in market prices in 2019 and 2018 for recycling commodities resulted in a decrease in revenue of $248 million and $273 million, respectively. as we have increased the size of our recycling operations, we have also increased our exposure to commodity price fluctuations. additionally, future regulation, tariffs or initiatives may result in further reduced demand or increased operating costs, which would cause the profitability of our recycling operations to decline.
fluctuation in energy prices also affects our business, including recycling of plastics manufactured from petroleum products. significant variations in the price of methane gas, electricity and other energy-related products that are marketed and sold by our landfill gas recovery operations can result in a corresponding significant impact to our revenue from yield from such operations. additionally, we provide specialized disposal services for oil and gas exploration and production operations through our ees organization. demand for these services decreases when drilling activity slows due to depressed oil and gas prices, such as the low prices throughout the last few years. any of the commodity prices to which we are subject may fluctuate substantially and without notice in the future.
19
changes in regulations applicable to oil and gas exploration, production and disposal could adversely affect our ees organization.
our ees organization provides specialized environmental management and disposal services for fluids used and wastes generated by customers engaged in oil and gas exploration and production, and these disposal services include the use of underground injection wells. demand for these services is adversely affected if drilling activity slows due to regulation and industry conditions beyond our control, in addition to changes in oil and gas prices. there is heightened federal regulatory focus on emissions of methane that occur during drilling and transportation, as well as state attention to protective disposal of drilling residuals. there also remains heightened attention from the public, some states and the epa to the alleged potential for hydraulic fracturing that occurs during drilling to impact drinking water supplies. increased regulation of oil and gas exploration and production, including ghg emissions or hydraulic fracturing, could make it more difficult or cost-prohibitive for our ees customers to continue operations, adversely affecting our business.
additionally, any new regulations regarding the treatment and disposal of wastes associated with exploration and production operations, including through the use of injection wells, could increase our costs to provide oilfield services and reduce our margins and revenue from such services. conversely, any loosening of regulations regarding how such wastes are handled or disposed of could adversely impact demand for our ees services.
changes to the regulatory framework related to renewable fuel standards could affect our financial performance in that sector as a renewable fuel producer.
the company acts as a renewable fuel producer in the rfs program enacted by congress under the energy policy act and energy independence and security act. oil refiners and importers are required through the rfs program to blend specified volumes of renewable transportation fuels with gasoline or buy credits, referred to as rins, from renewable fuel producers. the company has invested, and continues to invest, in facilities that capture and convert landfill gas into renewable natural gas so that we can participate in the program. the value of the rins associated with our landfill gas is set through a market established by the program. the epa finalized a rule in december 2019 increasing refiners' obligations to purchase renewable natural gas and other cellulosic biofuels under the rfs program for compliance year 2020. unlike in prior years, however, market uncertainty stemming from the epa's administration of the rfs program led to a rapid decline in rin values. we continue to advocate for the epa to implement policies that ensure long-term stability for renewable transportation fuels as changes in the rfs market or the structure of the rfs program can and has reduced the value of renewable natural gas rins and negatively impacted the financial performance of the facilities constructed to capture and treat the gas.
increasing customer preference for alternatives to landfill disposal and bans on certain types of waste could reduce our landfill volumes and cause our revenues and operating results to decline.
our customers are increasingly diverting waste to alternatives to landfill disposal, such as recycling and composting, while also working to reduce the amount of waste they generate. in addition, many state and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of waste, such as yard waste, food waste and electronics at landfills. where such organic waste is not banned from the landfill, some large customers such as grocery stores and restaurants are choosing to divert their organic waste from landfills. zero-waste goals (sending no waste to the landfill) have been set by many of north america's largest companies. although such mandates and initiatives help to protect our environment, these developments reduce the volume of waste going to our landfills which may affect the prices that we can charge for landfill disposal. our landfills currently provide our highest income from operations margins. if we are not successful in expanding our service offerings, growing lines of businesses to service waste streams that do not go to landfills providing services for customers that wish to reduce waste entirely, then our revenues and operating results may decline. additionally, despite the development of new service offerings and lines of business, it is possible that our revenues and our income from operations margins could be negatively affected due to disposal alternatives.
with a heightened awareness of the global problems caused by plastic waste in the environment, an increasing number of cities across the country have passed ordinances banning certain types of plastics from sale or use. over 800 pieces of
20
legislation, approximately 50% of which are bans on plastic bags, have been introduced in the u.s. regulating plastics; 660 passed, including 585 city ordinances. others include bans on the sale or use of plastic straws, polystyrene plastic and single use packaging. these bans have increased pressure by manufacturers on our recycling facilities to accept a broader array of materials in curbside recycling programs to alleviate public pressures to ban the sale of those materials. however, there are currently no viable end markets for recycling these materials and inclusion of such materials in our recycling stream increases contamination and operating costs and can negatively affect the results of our recycling operations.
developments in technology could trigger a fundamental change in the waste management industry, as waste streams are increasingly viewed as a resource, which may adversely impact volumes at our landfills and our profitability.
our company and others have recognized the value of the traditional waste stream as a potential resource. research and development activities are on-going to provide disposal alternatives that maximize the value of waste, including using waste as a source for renewable energy and other valuable by-products. we and many other companies are investing in these technologies. it is possible that such investments and technological advancements may reduce the cost of waste disposal or the value of landfill gas recovery to a level below our costs and may reduce the demand for landfill space. as a result, our revenues and margins could be adversely affected due to advancements in disposal alternatives.
if we are not able to develop new service offerings and protect intellectual property or if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a breakthrough technology, our financial results may suffer.
our existing and proposed service offerings to customers require that we invest in, develop or license, and protect new technologies. research and development of new technologies and investment in emerging technologies often requires significant spending that may divert capital investment away from our traditional business operations. we may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services or emerging technologies in which we have invested, which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new products and services to market. further, protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of intellectual property is difficult, and any inability to obtain or protect new technologies could impact our services to customers and development of new revenue sources. our company and others are increasingly focusing on new technologies that innovate our operations, improve the customer experience and provide alternatives to traditional disposal and maximize the resource value of waste. if a competitor develops or obtains exclusive rights to a "breakthrough technology" that provides a revolutionary change in traditional waste management, or if we have inferior intellectual property to our competitors, our financial results may suffer.
our business depends on our reputation and the value of our brand.
we believe we have developed a reputation for high-quality service, reliability and social and environmental responsibility, and we believe our brand symbolizes these attributes. the waste management brand name, trademarks and logos and our reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. adverse publicity, whether or not justified, relating to activities by our operations, employees or agents could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services. this reduction in demand, together with the dedication of time and expense necessary to defend our reputation, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations that may result in significant liabilities.
there is risk of incurring significant environmental liabilities in the use, treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of waste materials. under applicable environmental laws and regulations, we could be liable if it is alleged that our operations cause environmental damage to our properties or to the property of other landowners, particularly as a result of the contamination of air, drinking water or soil. under current law, we could also be held liable for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired the assets or operations involved and for conditions resulting from waste types or compounds previously considered non-hazardous but later determined to present possible threat to public health or the
21
environment. the risks of successor liability and emerging contaminants are of particular concern as we execute our growth strategy, partially though acquisitions, because we may be unsuccessful in identifying and assessing potential liabilities during our due diligence investigations. further, the counterparties in such transactions may be unable to perform their indemnification obligations owed to us. any substantial liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in the ordinary course of our business, we have in the past, we are currently, and we may in the future, become involved in legal and administrative proceedings relating to land use and environmental laws and regulations. these include proceedings in which:
●   agencies of federal, state, local or foreign governments seek to impose liability on us under applicable statutes, sometimes involving civil or criminal penalties for violations, or to revoke or deny renewal of a permit we need; and

●   local communities, citizen groups, landowners or governmental agencies oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we need, allege violations of the permits under which we operate or laws or regulations to which we are subject, or seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage.

we generally seek to work with the authorities or other persons involved in these proceedings to resolve any issues raised. if we are not successful, the adverse outcome of one or more of these proceedings could result in, among other things, material increases in our costs or liabilities as well as material charges for asset impairments.
further, we often enter into agreements with landowners imposing obligations on us to meet certain regulatory or contractual conditions upon site closure or upon termination of the agreements. compliance with these agreements inherently involves subjective determinations and may result in disputes, including litigation. costs to remediate or restore the condition of closed sites may be significant.
general economic conditions can directly and adversely affect our revenues and our income from operations margins.
our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence, interest rates and access to capital markets. a weak economy generally results in decreased consumer spending and decreases in volumes of waste generated, which negatively impacts the ability to grow through new business or service upgrades, and may result in customer turnover and reduction in customers' waste service needs. consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may also reduce the number and variety of services requested by customers. additionally, a weak market for consumer goods can significantly decrease demand by paper mills for recycled corrugated cardboard used in packaging; such decrease in demand can negatively impact commodity prices and our operating income and cash flows.
a decrease in waste volumes generated results in an increase in competitive pricing pressure; such economic conditions may also interfere with our ability to implement our pricing strategy. many of our contracts have price adjustment provisions that are tied to an index such as the consumer price index, and our costs may increase more than the increase, if any, in the consumer price index. this is partially due to our relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels and vendor costs, and may not correlate with the consumer price index or the waste industry.
weakness in the economy may expose us to credit risk of governmental entities and municipalities and other major customers, which could negatively impact our operating results.
we provide service to a number of governmental entities, municipalities, and large national accounts. during periods of economic weakness, governmental entities and municipalities can suffer significant financial difficulties, due in part to reduced tax revenue and/or high cost structures. during these periods, such entities, and our non-governmental customers, could be unable to pay amounts owed to us or renew contracts with us at previous or increased rates.
22
purchasers of our recycling commodities can be particularly vulnerable to financial difficulties in times of commodity price volatility. the inability of our customers to pay us in a timely manner or to pay increased rates, particularly large national accounts, could negatively affect our operating results.
in addition, the financial difficulties of municipalities could result in a decline in investors' demand for municipal bonds and a correlating increase in interest rates. as of december 31, 2019, we had $669 million of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months and $355 million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds with interest rates reset on either a daily or a weekly basis. if market dynamics resulted in repricing of our tax-exempt bonds at significantly higher interest rates, we would incur increased interest expenses that may negatively affect our operating results and cash flows.
we may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs.
our ability to meet our financial and operating objectives depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain the permits necessary to operate landfill sites. permits to build, operate and expand solid waste management facilities, including landfills and transfer stations, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. permits often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearings and compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and other regulations. these permits are also often subject to resistance from citizen or other groups and other political pressures. local communities and citizen groups, adjacent landowners or governmental agencies may oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we may need, allege violations of the permits under which we currently operate or laws or regulations to which we are subjected, or seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage. responding to these challenges has, at times, increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new facilities and expanding existing facilities. in addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval may prohibit us from establishing new facilities or expanding existing facilities. our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
significant shortages in diesel fuel supply or increases in diesel fuel prices will increase our operating expenses.
the price and supply of diesel fuel can fluctuate significantly based on international, political and economic circumstances, as well as other factors outside our control, such as actions by the organization of the petroleum exporting countries ("opec") and other oil and gas producers, regional production patterns, weather conditions and environmental concerns. we need diesel fuel to run a significant portion of our collection and transfer trucks and our equipment used in our landfill operations. supply shortages could substantially increase our operating expenses. additionally, if fuel prices increase, our direct operating expenses increase and many of our vendors raise their prices to offset their own rising costs. we have in place a fuel surcharge program, designed to offset increased fuel expenses; however, we may not be able to pass through all of our increased costs and some customers' contracts prohibit any pass-through of the increased costs. additionally, lawsuits have challenged our fuel and environmental charges included on our invoices. regardless of any offsetting surcharge programs, increased operating costs due to higher diesel fuel prices will decrease our income from operations margins.
we have made significant investments in an extensive natural gas truck fleet, which makes us partially dependent on the availability of natural gas and fueling infrastructure and vulnerable to natural gas prices, and requirements to transition to other vehicle types could impair these investments.
we operate a large fleet of natural gas vehicles, and we plan to continue to invest in these assets for our collection fleet. however, natural gas fueling infrastructure is not yet broadly available in north america; as a result, we have constructed and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or pre-approved third parties. it will remain necessary for us to invest capital in fueling infrastructure in order to power our natural gas fleet. concerns have been raised about the potential for emissions from fueling infrastructure that serve natural gas-fueled vehicles. new regulation of, or restrictions on, natural gas fueling infrastructure or reductions in associated tax incentives could increase our operating costs. additionally, fluctuations in the price and supply of natural gas could substantially increase our operating expenses; a reduction in the existing cost differential between natural gas and diesel fuel could materially reduce
23
the benefits we anticipate from our investment in natural gas vehicles. further, our fuel surcharge program is currently indexed to diesel fuel prices, and price fluctuations for natural gas may not effectively be recovered by this program.
there is increasing pressure to reduce the use of fossil fuel in the heavy-duty truck industry, and some cities and states are beginning to discuss requirements for using more advanced engine technology, such as electric powered vehicles, rather than natural gas or diesel vehicles. although current options for heavy-duty electric vehicles lack sufficient range and proven experience for our operations, requirements to transition to electric powered vehicles could increase our cost of vehicles and impair our investment in our natural gas fleet and infrastructure we are increasingly dependent on technology in our operations and if our technology fails, our business could be adversely affected.
we may experience problems with the operation of our current information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, as well as the development and deployment of new information technology systems, that could adversely affect, or even temporarily disrupt, all or a portion of our operations until resolved. inabilities and delays in implementing new systems can also affect our ability to realize projected or expected cost savings. additionally, any systems failures could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
we are implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, and challenges with the implementation of the system may impact our business and operations.
we are in the process of a complex, multi-year implementation of a new enterprise resource planning ("erp") system. the erp system implementation requires the integration of the new erp system with multiple new and existing information systems and business processes and is designed to accurately maintain our books and records and provide information to our management team important to the operation of the business. such an implementation is a major undertaking from a financial, management, and personnel perspective. the implementation of the erp system may prove to be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, and it is possible that the system will not yield the benefits anticipated. any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new erp system could adversely affect our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations, resulting in negative impacts on our business and operations and subject us to potential liability. additionally, our implementation of the erp system involves greater utilization of third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. problems faced by us or our third-party providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods.
a cybersecurity incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers and expose us to increased liability.
substantially all aspects of our business operations rely on digital technology. we use computers, mobile devices, social networking and other online platforms to connect with our employees and our customers. these uses give rise to cybersecurity risks, including security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers' personal information, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about the company and its business partners. we also rely on a payment card industry compliant third party to protect our customers' credit card information.
we are regularly the target of attempted cyber intrusions, and we must commit substantial resources to continuously monitor and further develop our networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, and address the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events. our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be effective in all cases. the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, direct financial loss, negative publicity, brand damage, alleged
24
violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential regulatory enforcement or private litigation liability and competitive disadvantage.
further, as the company pursues its strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, the company is also expanding and improving its information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. certain new technologies, such as use of autonomous vehicles, remote-controlled equipment and virtual reality, present new and significant cybersecurity safety risks that must be analyzed and addressed before implementation. if we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks.
increasing regulatory focus on privacy and data protection issues and expanding laws could negatively impact our business, subject us to criticism and expose us to increased liability.
the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. we collect certain personally identifiable information and other sensitive information as integral parts of our business and in connection with providing services to our customers. we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that govern the collection and use of such information obtained from individuals and businesses. these laws and regulations are inconsistent across jurisdictions and are subject to evolving interpretations. government officials, regulators, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. we must continually monitor the development and adoption of new and emerging laws and regulations, such as the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa") that took effect on january 1, 2020. the ccpa, among other things, contains new disclosure obligations for businesses that collect personal information about california residents and affords those individuals new rights relating to their personal information that can expand the scope of our potential liability. we must commit substantial time and resources toward compliance with the ccpa and similar laws and regulations, any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, including at newly acquired companies, could subject us to regulatory enforcement, private litigation, public criticism, disrupt our operations, cause us to lose customers, result in additional costs and legal liability, damage our reputation, and otherwise harm our business.
our operating expenses could increase as a result of labor unions organizing or changes in regulations related to labor unions.
labor unions continually attempt to organize our employees, and these efforts will likely continue in the future. certain groups of our employees are currently represented by unions, and we have negotiated collective bargaining agreements with these unions. additional groups of employees may seek union representation in the future, and, if successful, would enhance organized labor's leverage to obtain higher than expected wage and benefits costs and resist the introduction of new technology and other initiatives, which can result in increased operating expenses and lower net income. if we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, our operating expenses could increase significantly as a result of work stoppages, including strikes. any of these matters could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we could face significant liabilities for withdrawal from multiemployer pension plans.
we are a participating employer in a number of trustee-managed multiemployer defined benefit pension plans ("multiemployer pension plans") for employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event of our withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan, we may incur expenses associated with our obligations for unfunded vested benefits at the time of the withdrawal. depending on various factors, future withdrawals could have a material adverse effect on results of operations or cash flows for a particular reporting period. see notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to our participation in multiemployer pension plans.
25
our business is subject to operational and safety risks, including the risk of personal injury to employees and others.
providing environmental and waste management services, including constructing and operating landfills, transfer stations, mrfs and other disposal facilities, involves risks such as truck accidents, equipment defects, malfunctions and failures. additionally, we closely monitor and manage landfills to minimize the risk of waste mass instability, releases of hazardous materials, and odors that are sometimes triggered by weather or natural disasters. there are also risks presented by the potential for subsurface heat reactions causing elevated landfill temperatures and increased production of leachate, landfill gas and odors. we also build and operate natural gas fueling stations, some of which also serve the public or third parties. operation of fueling stations and landfill gas collection and control systems involves additional risks of fire and explosion. any of these risks could potentially result in injury or death of employees and others, a need to shut down or reduce operation of facilities, increased operating expense and exposure to liability for pollution and other environmental damage, and property damage or destruction.
while we seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training, compliance and response and recovery programs, as well as vehicle and equipment maintenance programs, if we were to incur substantial liabilities in excess of any applicable insurance, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. any such incidents could also tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. additionally, a major operational failure, even if suffered by a competitor, may bring enhanced scrutiny and regulation of our industry, with a corresponding increase in operating expense.
we have substantial financial assurance and insurance requirements, and increases in the costs of obtaining adequate financial assurance, or the inadequacy of our insurance coverages, could negatively impact our liquidity and increase our liabilities.
the amount of insurance we are required to maintain for environmental liability is governed by statutory requirements. we believe that the cost for such insurance is high relative to the coverage it would provide and, therefore, our coverages are generally maintained at the minimum statutorily-required levels. we face the risk of incurring additional costs for environmental damage if our insurance coverage is ultimately inadequate to cover those damages. we also carry a broad range of other insurance coverages that are customary for a company our size. we use these programs to mitigate risk of loss, thereby enabling us to manage our self-insurance exposure associated with claims. the inability of our insurers to meet their commitments in a timely manner and the effect of significant claims or litigation against insurance companies may subject us to additional risks. to the extent our insurers are unable to meet their obligations, or our own obligations for claims are more than we estimated, there could be a material adverse effect to our financial results.
in addition, to fulfill our financial assurance obligations with respect to variable-rate tax-exempt debt, final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation obligations, we generally obtain letters of credit or surety bonds, rely on insurance, including captive insurance, fund trust and escrow accounts or rely upon wm financial guarantees. we currently have in place all financial assurance instruments necessary for our operations. our financial position, which can be negatively affected by asset impairments, our credit profile and general economic factors, may adversely affect the cost of our current financial assurance instruments, and changes in regulations may impose stricter requirements on the types of financial assurance that will be accepted. additionally, in the event we are unable to obtain sufficient surety bonding, letters of credit or third-party insurance coverage at reasonable cost, or one or more states cease to view captive insurance as adequate coverage, we would need to rely on other forms of financial assurance. it is possible that we could be forced to deposit cash to collateralize our obligations. other forms of financial assurance could be more expensive to obtain, and any requirements to use cash to support our obligations would negatively impact our liquidity and capital resources and could affect our ability to meet our obligations as they become due.
we may record material charges against our earnings due to impairments to our assets.
in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we capitalize certain expenditures and advances relating to disposal site development, expansion projects, acquisitions, software development costs and other projects. events that have in the past and may in the future lead to an impairment include, but are not limited to, shutting down a facility or operation or abandoning a development project or the denial of an expansion permit. additionally,
26
declining waste volumes and development of, and customer preference for, alternatives to traditional waste disposal could warrant asset impairments. if we determine an asset or expansion project is impaired, we will charge against earnings any unamortized capitalized expenditures and advances relating to such asset or project reduced by any portion of the capitalized costs that we estimate will be recoverable, through sale or otherwise. we also carry a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheets, which is required to be assessed for impairment annually, and more frequently in the case of certain triggering events. we have in the past and may in the future be required to incur charges against earnings if such impairment tests indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. any such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our capital requirements and our business strategy could increase our expenses, cause us to change our growth and development plans, or result in an inability to maintain our desired credit profile.
if economic conditions or other risks and uncertainties cause a significant reduction in our cash flows from operations, we may reduce or suspend capital expenditures, growth and acquisition activity, implementation of our business strategy, dividend declarations or share repurchases. we may choose to incur indebtedness to pay for these activities, although our access to capital markets is not assured and we may not be able to incur indebtedness at a cost that is consistent with current borrowing rates. we also may need to incur indebtedness to refinance scheduled debt maturities, and it is possible that the cost of financing could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. further, our ability to execute our financial strategy and our ability to incur indebtedness is somewhat dependent upon our ability to maintain investment grade credit ratings on our senior debt. the credit rating process is contingent upon our credit profile and several other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including methodologies established and interpreted by third-party rating agencies. if we were unable to maintain our investment grade credit ratings in the future, our interest expense would increase and our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms could be adversely affected.
additionally, we have $1.0 billion of debt as of december 31, 2019 that is exposed to changes in market interest rates within the next 12 months because of the impact of our tax-exempt bonds. if interest rates increase, our interest expense would also increase, lowering our net income and decreasing our cash flow.
we may use our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility to meet our cash needs, to the extent available, until maturity in november 2024. as of december 31, 2019, we had no outstanding borrowings and $412 million of letters of credit issued and supported by the facility, leaving unused and available credit capacity of $3.1 billion. in the event of a default under our credit facility, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. additionally, any such default could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate.
the impact of climate change, and the adoption of climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of "greenhouse gases," could increase our costs to operate.
we continue to assess the physical risks to our operations from the effects of climate change. although we have made investments to mitigate risk associated with severe storm events, damage to our facilities or disruption of service caused by more frequent or more severe storms associated with climate extremes could negatively impact operating results. we have also identified risk to our assets and our employees associated with drought or water scarcity, flooding, extreme heat and rain events, and fire conditions associated with climate change. for example, wildfires influenced by climate change can damage landfill infrastructure such as gas collection systems, flooding in low-lying areas enhanced by sea level rise can result in greater maintenance expenses at our facilities and service disruption, and more frequent or extreme rain events can erode the protective vegetative caps on our landfills and generate increased volumes of leachate to manage. those areas of the country most prone to these occurrences have protocols in place, or are developing protocols to address these conditions, including employee safety, driver training, and equipment and facility protection protocols. we have incurred and will incur costs to develop and implement these protocols, and these protocols may not be effective in offsetting these risks. additionally, the actions of others in response to climate change effects, such as the rolling power blackouts implemented in california in 2019 due to wildfire risks, can result in service disruptions and increase our costs to operate.
27
our landfill operations emit methane, identified as a ghg. there are a number of legislative and regulatory efforts at the state, provincial, regional and federal levels to cap and/or curtail the emission of ghgs to ameliorate the effect of climate change. we continue to monitor these efforts and the potential impacts to our operations. should comprehensive federal climate change legislation be enacted, we expect it could impose costs on our operations that might not be offset by the revenue increases associated with our lower-carbon service options, the materiality of which we cannot predict. in 2010, the epa published a prevention of significant deterioration and title v ghg tailoring rule, which expanded the epa's federal air permitting authority to include the six ghgs. the rule sets new thresholds for ghg emissions that define when clean air act permits are required. the current requirements of these rules have not significantly affected our operations or cash flows, due to the tailored thresholds and exclusions of certain emissions from regulation; however, if certain changes to these regulations were enacted, such as lowering the thresholds or the inclusion of biogenic emissions, then the amendments could have an adverse effect on our operating costs.
the seasonal nature of our business, severe weather events resulting from climate change and event driven special projects cause our results to fluctuate, and prior performance is not necessarily indicative of our future results.
our operating revenues tend to be somewhat higher in summer months, primarily due to the higher construction and demolition waste volumes. the volumes of industrial and residential waste in certain regions where we operate also tend to increase during the summer months. our second and third quarter revenues and results of operations typically reflect these seasonal trends.
service disruptions caused by severe storms, extended periods of inclement weather or climate extremes resulting from climate change can significantly affect the operating results of the areas affected. on the other hand, certain destructive weather and climate conditions, such as wildfires in the western u.s. and hurricanes that most often impact our operations in the southern and eastern u.s. during the second half of the year, can increase our revenues in the areas affected as a result of the waste volumes generated by these events. while weather-related and other event driven special projects can boost revenues through additional work for a limited time, due to significant start-up costs and other factors, such revenue can generate earnings at comparatively lower margins.
for these and other reasons, operating results in any interim period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year, and operating results for any historical period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for a future period. our stock price may be negatively impacted by interim variations in our results.
we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and our reputation could be adversely affected, if our businesses, or third parties with whom we have a relationship, were to fail to comply with u.s. or foreign laws or regulations.
some of our projects and new business may be conducted in countries where corruption has historically been prevalent. it is our policy to comply with all applicable anti-bribery laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and with applicable local laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, and we monitor our local partners' compliance with such laws as well. our reputation may be adversely affected if we were reported to be associated with corrupt practices or if we or our local partners failed to comply with such laws. such damage to our reputation could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. additionally, violations of such laws could subject us to significant fines and penalties.
28
currently pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements.
from time to time we are involved in governmental proceedings relating to the conduct of our business. we are also party to civil litigation. as a large company with operations across the u.s. and canada, we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, disputes and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. actions that have been filed against us, and that may be filed against us in the future, include personal injury, property damage, commercial, customer, and employment-related claims, including purported state and national class action lawsuits related to:
●   alleged environmental contamination, including releases of hazardous materials and odors;

●   sales and marketing practices, customer service agreements, prices and fees; and

●   federal and state wage and hour and other laws.

the timing of the final resolutions to these types of matters is often uncertain. additionally, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments, adversely affecting our liquidity.
we may experience adverse impacts on our reported results of operations as a result of adopting new accounting standards or interpretations.
our implementation of and compliance with changes in accounting rules, including new accounting rules and interpretations, could adversely affect our reported financial position or operating results or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our reported operating results in future periods.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
this section includes a discussion of our results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2019. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements that anticipate results based on management's plans that are subject to uncertainty. we discuss in more detail various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations in item 1a. risk factors. the following discussion should be read considering those disclosures and together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.
overview we are north america's leading provider of comprehensive waste management environmental services. we partner with our residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers and the communities we serve to manage and reduce waste at each stage from collection to disposal, while recovering valuable resources and creating clean, renewable energy. we own or operate the largest network of landfills in north america. in order to make disposal more practical for larger urban markets, where the distance to landfills is typically farther, we manage transfer stations that consolidate, compact and transport waste efficiently and economically. we also use waste to create energy, recovering the gas produced naturally as waste decomposes in landfills and using the gas in generators to make electricity. additionally, we are a leading recycler in north america, handling materials that include paper, cardboard, glass, plastic and metal. our "solid waste" business is operated and managed locally by our subsidiaries that focus on distinct geographic areas and provides collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services. through our subsidiaries, we are also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the u.s.
our solid waste operating revenues are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services, and from sales of commodities by our recycling and landfill gas-to-energy operations. revenues from our collection operations are influenced by factors such as collection frequency, type of
32
collection equipment furnished, type and volume or weight of the waste collected, distance to the disposal facility or material recovery facility and our disposal costs. revenues from our landfill operations consist of tipping fees, which are generally based on the type and weight or volume of waste being disposed of at our disposal facilities. fees charged at transfer stations are generally based on the weight or volume of waste deposited, taking into account our cost of loading, transporting and disposing of the solid waste at a disposal site. recycling revenues generally consist of tipping fees and the sale of recycling commodities to third parties. the fees we charge for our services generally include our environmental fee, fuel surcharge and regulatory recovery fee which are intended to pass through to customers direct and indirect costs incurred. we also provide additional services that are not managed through our solid waste business, described under results of operations below.
business environment the waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry. however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered and those waste streams are becoming more complex. in addition, many state and local governments mandate diversion, recycling and waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of waste at landfills. we monitor these developments to adapt our services offerings. as companies, individuals and communities look for ways to be more sustainable, we promote our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste in order to meet their needs.
despite some industry consolidation in recent years, we encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental and private service providers based on pricing, service quality, customer experience and breadth of service offerings. our industry is directly affected by changes in general economic factors, including increases and decreases in consumer spending, business expansions and construction starts. these factors generally correlate to volumes of waste generated and impact our revenue. negative economic conditions, in addition to competitor actions, can make it more challenging to negotiate, renew or expand service contracts with acceptable margins and in addition, customers may reduce their service needs. we also encounter competition for acquisitions and growth opportunities. general economic factors and the market for consumer goods, in addition to regulatory developments, can also significantly impact commodity prices for the recyclable materials we sell. our operating expenses are directly impacted by volume levels; as volume levels shift, due to economic and other factors, we must manage our network capacity and cost structure accordingly.
in 2019, we have benefited from a generally favorable macro-economic environment, including steady spending by consumers and businesses, which have led to volume and gross margin growth. we experienced growth in our collection and disposal lines of business, particularly in the segments of our business driven by the consumer portion of the economy. volume growth is also the result of proactive efforts taken to work with our customers as their needs expand to identify service upgrade opportunities. overall in 2019, our landfill volumes were favorably impacted by growth in our municipal solid waste business, clean-up efforts from natural disasters in california during 2019 and event-driven projects. the portion of our business driven by the industrial segment of the economy, such as special waste, continues to show growth, although the pace of growth is starting to moderate as large industrial customers take a more cautious approach to awarding work for special projects. additionally, we continued our focus on developing a sustainable recycling business model that meets customers' environmental needs, but is also economically sustainable. given pressures on the business from lower market values for recycled commodities and higher contamination fees, we have been working to improve its financial returns by driving a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our costs of contamination. these efforts provided significant value to our 2019 results, though that value was more than offset by continued declines in market prices for recycled commodities. we will continue to take steps necessary to improve long-term profitability of our recycling line of business.
overall, the company's operations performed well in 2019. we expect the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focuses on investing in people, technology and growth to drive continued growth in the year ahead.
33
current year financial results during 2019, we continued to produce strong operating results from our collection and disposal business, driven by favorable market conditions and our focus on delivering an outstanding customer experience and continuous improvement. the company continued its commitment to supporting both organic and inorganic growth during 2019, allocating $1,818 million of available cash to capital expenditures and $527 million to the acquisition of solid waste businesses, of which $6 million was recorded as cash flow from financing activities related to the timing of contingent consideration paid. we also allocated $1,124 million to our shareholders during 2019 through dividends and common stock repurchases.
key items of our 2019 financial results include:
●   revenues of $15,455 million for 2019 compared with $14,914 million in 2018, an increase of $541 million, or 3.6%. the increase is primarily attributable to (i) higher yield and volumes in our collection and disposal business and (ii) acquisitions, net of divestitures, partially offset by lower market prices for recycling commodities;

●   operating expenses of $9,496 million in 2019, or 61.4% of revenues, compared with $9,249 million, or 62.0% of revenues, in 2018. the $247 million increase is primarily attributable to higher volumes and cost inflation in the current year period, partially offset by (i) decreased cost of goods sold primarily due to lower market prices for recycling commodities and (ii) the favorable impact of a year-over-year increase in federal natural gas fuel credits;

●   selling, general and administrative expenses of $1,631 million in 2019, or 10.6% of revenues, compared with $1,453 million, or 9.7% of revenues, in 2018. this increase of $178 million is primarily attributable to (i) higher costs associated with planned investments in our people and technology; (ii) increased acquisition-related costs and (iii) litigation reserves;

●   income from operations of $2,706 million, or 17.5% of revenues, in 2019 compared with $2,789 million, or 18.7% of revenues, in 2018. although 2019 benefited from strong operating results, primarily in our collection and disposal business, and the favorable impact of a year-over-year increase in federal natural gas fuel credits, cost inflation across various cost categories, costs associated with investments in our people and technology, acquisition-related costs and goodwill impairments drove a reduction in income from operations as compared with 2018. additionally, 2018 was favorably impacted by net gains associated with the sale of certain collection and disposal operations and certain ancillary operations, partially offset by the impairment of a landfill;

●   net income attributable to waste management, inc. was $1,670 million, or $3.91 per diluted share, compared with $1,925 million, or $4.45 per diluted share, in the prior year period. in addition to the decrease in income from operations, the current year was impacted by (i) increased depreciation and amortization expense related to new collection fleet and increased landfill volume; (ii) an $85 million loss on early extinguishment of debt; (iii) a $52 million impairment charge related to our minority-owned investment in a waste conversion technology business that was not deductible for tax purposes and (iv) a $27 million impairment of goodwill. additionally, the prior year period was favorably impacted by net gains associated with the sale of operations discussed above;

●   net cash provided by operating activities was $3,874 million compared with $3,570 million in the prior year period; and

●   free cash flow was $2,105 million compared with $2,084 million in the prior year period. the increase in cash flow provided by operating activities noted above was offset by an increase in capital expenditures resulting from our intentional focus on accelerating certain collection fleet and landfill spending to support the company's strong collection and disposal growth and lower proceeds from divestitures, which resulted in free cash flow being $21 million higher on a year-over-year basis. free cash flow is a non-gaap measure of liquidity. refer to free cash flow within liquidity and capital resources for our definition of free cash flow, additional information about our use of this measure, and a reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable gaap measure.

34
results of operations operating revenues our operating revenues set forth below are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services, and from sales of commodities by our recycling and landfill gas-to-energy operations. we also provide additional services that are not managed through our solid waste business, including both our wmsbs and ees organizations, recycling brokerage services, landfill gas-to-energy services and certain other expanded service offerings and solutions.
the mix of operating revenues from our major lines of business is reflected in the table below for the years ended december 31 (in millions):

2019                             2018                2017
commercial                        $4,229              $3,972              $3,714
residential                        2,613               2,529               2,528
industrial                         2,916               2,773               2,583
other collection                     482                 450                 439
total collection                  10,240               9,724               9,264
landfill                           3,846               3,560               3,370
transfer                           1,820               1,711               1,591
recycling                          1,040               1,293               1,432
other (a)                          1,758               1,736               1,713
intercompany (b)                 (3,249)             (3,110)             (2,885)
total                            $15,455             $14,914             $14,485
(a)   the "other" line of business includes (i) our wmsbs organization; (ii) our landfill gas-to-energy operations; (iii) certain services within our ees organization, including our construction and remediation services and our services associated with the disposal of fly ash and (iv) certain other expanded service offerings and solutions. in addition, our "other" line of business reflects the results of non-operating entities that provide financial assurance and self-insurance support, net of intercompany activity. activity related to collection, landfill, transfer and recycling has been reclassified to the appropriate line of business for purposes of presentation.

(b)   intercompany revenues between lines of business are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements included within this report.

35
the following table provides details associated with the period-to-period change in revenues and average yield for the years ended december 31 (dollars in millions):

2019 vs. 2018                                                                        2018 vs. 2017
as a % of                                as a % of                             as a % of                                as a % of related                                      total                             related                                      total amount            business(a)           amount            company(b)           amount            business(a)           amount            company(b)
collection and disposal                      $364              2.8           %                                              $291              2.3           %
recycling commodities (c)                          (248)       (20.0)                                                             (273)       (19.1)
fuel surcharges and mandated fees                  (22)        (3.5)                                                        111               21.3
total average yield (d)                                                              $94                      0.6   %                                               $129                     0.9   %
volume                                                                               346                      2.3                                                   478                      3.3
internal revenue growth                                                                      440              2.9                                                           607              4.2
acquisitions                                                                                 222              1.5                                                           199              1.4
divestitures                                                                               (104)            (0.7)                                                         (133)            (0.9)
foreign currency translation and other                                                      (17)            (0.1)                                                         (244)            (1.7)
total                                                                                $541                     3.6   %                                               $429                     3.0   %
(a)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year's related business revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year.

(b)   calculated by dividing the increase or decrease for the current year by the prior year's total company revenue adjusted to exclude the impacts of divestitures for the current year.

(c)   includes net impact of commodity price variability and changes in fees.

(d)   the amounts reported herein represent the changes in our revenue attributable to average yield for the total company.

the following provides further details about our period-to-period change in revenues:
average yield collection and disposal average yield - this measure reflects the effect on our revenue from the pricing activities of our collection, transfer and landfill operations, exclusive of volume changes. revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield includes not only base rate changes and environmental and service fee increases, but also (i) certain average price changes related to the overall mix of services, which are due to the types of services provided; (ii) changes in average price from new and lost business and (iii) price decreases to retain customers.
the details of our revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield for the years ended december 31 are as follows (dollars in millions):

2019 vs. 2018                     2018 vs. 2017
as a % of                         as a % of related                           related amount          business          amount          business commercial                                   $109               3.0   %         $99               2.9   %
industrial                                    103               4.0             107               4.4
residential                                    81               3.3              47               1.9
total collection                              293               3.3             253               2.9
landfill                                       44               2.0              22               1.1
transfer                                       27               2.9              16               1.9
total collection and disposal                $364               2.8   %        $291               2.3   %
36
our strategic pricing efforts focus on ensuring we overcome inflationary cost pressures and grow margins. this strategy has been most successful in our collection line of business for both 2019 and 2018. we are also experiencing solid growth in our landfill and transfer businesses, with our municipal solid waste business experiencing 3.8% and 2.2% average yield growth for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods.
recycling commodities - decreases in the market prices for recycling commodities resulted in revenue declines of $248 million and $273 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods. we partially offset our revenue decline by assessing fees to cover the higher costs of handling contaminated recycling materials. average market prices for recycling commodities at the company's facilities were 35% lower in 2019 compared to 2018 and 40% lower in 2018 compared to 2017. we have seen a decreased demand from paper mills around the world which had driven prices to historical low averages. there are several domestic mill projects anticipated to start during 2020 that we expect will add additional capacity and more local demand for recycled materials. however, we do not expect material changes in market prices for recycling commodities as a result of this additional capacity. the cardboard packaging industry has been impacted by slower global demand, retail store closures and e-commerce packaging efficiency. we will continue to take steps necessary to improve long-term profitability of our recycling line of business.
fuel surcharges and mandated fees - these fees, which are predominantly generated by our fuel surcharge program, declined $22 million for 2019 and increased $111 million for 2018, as compared with the prior year periods. these revenues are based on and fluctuate in response to changes in the national average prices for diesel fuel. market prices for diesel fuel decreased approximately 4% and increased 20% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, compared with the prior year periods. the decline in fuel surcharges for 2019 was partially offset by an increase in mandated fees. the mandated fees are primarily related to fees and taxes assessed by various state, county and municipal government agencies at our landfills and transfer stations.
volume our revenues from volume increased $346 million, or 2.3%, and $478 million, or 3.3%, for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, as compared with the prior year periods, excluding volumes from acquisitions and divestitures.
we experienced higher volumes throughout 2019 and 2018 due to our focus on customer service and disciplined growth, combined with favorable market conditions in our collection and disposal business. we have experienced significant volume growth with existing customers, particularly in our commercial collection business as a result of proactive efforts taken to work with our customers as their needs expand to identify service upgrade opportunities. our event-driven projects in our special waste business and growth in our municipal solid waste business contributed to our landfill volume growth in both 2019 and 2018. additionally, a large contract executed in the second half of 2017 increased volume at our transfer stations for 2018, with incremental volume additions during 2018 that favorably impacted our volumes in 2019. furthermore, our wmsbs organization experienced favorable volume growth in both 2019 and 2018.
the clean-up efforts of natural disasters throughout the u.s. in the first half of 2019 also contributed to volume growth in 2019. however, volume decline from our recycling brokerage services negatively impacted our volume growth in 2019. additionally, a volume increase from our recycling brokerage services affected the comparability of volumes for 2018 and 2017.
foreign currency translation and other fluctuations in foreign currency affect revenues from our canadian operations. additionally, 2018 was unfavorably impacted by a revenue decline associated with the adoption of asu 2014-09.
37
operating expenses our operating expenses are comprised of (i) labor and related benefits costs (excluding labor costs associated with maintenance and repairs discussed below), which include salaries and wages, bonuses, related payroll taxes, insurance and benefits costs and the costs associated with contract labor; (ii) transfer and disposal costs, which include tipping fees paid to third-party disposal facilities and transfer stations; (iii) maintenance and repairs costs relating to equipment, vehicles and facilities and related labor costs; (iv) subcontractor costs, which include the costs of independent haulers who transport waste collected by us to disposal facilities and are affected by variables such as volumes, distance and fuel prices; (v) costs of goods sold, which includes the cost to purchase recycling materials for our recycling line of business, including certain rebates paid to suppliers; (vi) fuel costs, which represent the costs of fuel and oil to operate our truck fleet and landfill operating equipment; (vii) disposal and franchise fees and taxes, which include landfill taxes, municipal franchise fees, host community fees, contingent landfill lease payments and royalties; (viii) landfill operating costs, which include interest accretion on landfill liabilities, interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets, leachate and methane collection and treatment, landfill remediation costs and other landfill site costs; (ix) risk management costs, which include general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation claims programs costs and (x) other operating costs, which include gains and losses on sale of assets, telecommunications, equipment and facility lease expenses, property taxes, utilities and supplies. variations in volumes year-over-year, as discussed above in operating revenues, in addition to cost inflation, affect the comparability of the components of our operating expenses.
the following table summarizes the major components of our operating expenses for the years ended december 31 (dollars in millions and as a percentage of revenues):

2019                              2018                              2017
labor and related benefits                       $2,791        18.0   %            $2,703        18.1   %            $2,500        17.2   %
transfer and disposal costs                       1,160         7.5                 1,105         7.4                   996         6.9
maintenance and repairs                           1,355         8.8                 1,255         8.4                 1,170         8.1
subcontractor costs                               1,532         9.9                 1,375         9.2                 1,236         8.5
cost of goods sold                                  553         3.6                   783         5.3                   969         6.7
fuel                                                336         2.2                   409         2.7                   375         2.6
disposal and franchise fees and taxes               627         4.1                   598         4.0                   753         5.2
landfill operating costs                            379         2.4                   331         2.2                   328         2.3
risk management                                     267         1.7                   235         1.6                   219         1.5
other                                               496         3.2                   455         3.1                   475         3.3
$9,496        61.4   %            $9,249        62.0   %            $9,021        62.3   %
significant items affecting the comparison of operating expenses between reported periods include:
labor and related benefits - the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was driven by (i) volume growth in our collection and disposal business; (ii) merit increases and (iii) cost inflation noted above. these cost increases were offset, in part, by lower bonus costs related to a one-time plan established in early 2018 targeted at improving employee retention. the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2018 as compared with 2017 was driven by (i) volume growth in our collection line of business; (ii) the one-time bonus plan established in early 2018 and (iii) merit increases.
transfer and disposal costs - the increase in transfer and disposal costs in 2019 as compared with 2018, and 2018 as compared with 2017, was driven by overall volume growth in our collection and disposal business and, to a lesser extent, cost inflation.
maintenance and repairs - the increase in maintenance and repairs costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was largely driven by (i) cost inflation noted above which primarily impacted labor, parts, third-party services, tires and building costs and (ii) a $16 million non-cash charge to write off certain equipment costs related to our other segment.
38
the increase in maintenance and repairs costs in 2018 as compared with 2017 was primarily driven by (i) higher labor costs from volume growth and cost inflation and (ii) higher third-party service and parts costs.
subcontractor costs - the increase in subcontractor costs in 2019 as compared to 2018 was primarily driven by (i) volume growth in our collection and disposal business, largely attributable to a significant contract executed in the second half of 2017 that generated incremental volumes in 2019; (ii) volume growth in our wmsbs and ees organizations and (iii) cost inflation related to capacity constraints of our subcontractors in certain markets. the increase in 2018 as compared to 2017 was driven primarily by volume growth in our collection and disposal business.
cost of goods sold - the decrease in cost of goods sold in 2019 as compared with 2018 was primarily driven by lower market prices for recycling commodities and by lower costs due to the sale of certain ancillary operations in the second quarter of 2018. the decrease in cost of goods sold in 2018 as compared with 2017 was primarily driven by (i) lower market prices for recycling commodities and (ii) a change in accounting for certain customer rebates due to the adoption of asu 2014-09 in 2018.
fuel - the decrease in fuel costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was due to (i) recognition of a $70 million benefit from the extension of federal natural gas fuel credits in 2019 compared to $28 million in 2018; (ii) lower costs resulting from the continued conversion of our fleet to natural gas vehicles and (iii) lower market prices for diesel fuel. the increase in fuel costs in 2018 as compared with 2017 was due to higher market prices for diesel fuel, partially offset by the recognition of a $28 million benefit from the extension of federal natural gas fuel credits.
disposal and franchise fees and taxes - the increase in disposal and franchise fees and taxes in 2019 as compared with 2018 was primarily related to higher volumes in our landfill line of business. the decrease in disposal and franchise fees and taxes in 2018 as compared with 2017 was driven by the adoption of asu 2014-09 in 2018; specifically, certain franchise fees were treated as disposal fees and taxes in the prior year periods and beginning in 2018, were treated as a reduction in operating revenues in the current year period.
landfill operating costs - the increase in landfill operating costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was primarily due to higher leachate management costs driven largely by inclement weather in certain parts of north america and increased ongoing site maintenance costs. additionally, 2019 was impacted by a decrease in the risk-free discount rate used in the measurement of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets due to a decrease in u.s. treasury rates. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
risk management - the increase in risk management costs in 2019 as compared with 2018 was primarily due to an increase in claims expense as a result of growth in the business and cost inflation. the increase in risk management costs in 2018 as compared with 2017 was primarily due to an increase in claims expense.
other - net gains on sales of certain assets in 2018 impacted the comparability of the reported periods.
selling, general and administrative expenses our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of (i) labor and related benefits costs, which include salaries, bonuses, related insurance and benefits, contract labor, payroll taxes and equity-based compensation; (ii) professional fees, which include fees for consulting, legal, audit and tax services; (iii) provision for bad debts, which includes allowances for uncollectible customer accounts and collection fees and (iv) other selling, general and administrative expenses, which include, among other costs, facility-related expenses, voice and data telecommunication, advertising, bank charges, computer costs, travel and entertainment, rentals, postage and printing. in addition, the financial impacts of litigation reserves generally are included in our "other" selling, general and administrative expenses.
39
the following table summarizes the major components of our selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31 (dollars in millions and as a percentage of revenues):

2019                           2018                          2017
labor and related benefits          $1,020        6.6   %            $957       6.4   %          $1,000        6.9   %
professional fees                      183        1.2                 113       0.8                 102        0.7
provision for bad debts                 38        0.3                  53       0.3                  42        0.3
other                                  390        2.5                 330       2.2                 324        2.2
$1,631       10.6   %          $1,453       9.7   %          $1,468       10.1   %
significant items affecting the comparison of our selling, general and administrative expenses between reported periods include:
labor and related benefits - the increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2019 compared with 2018 was primarily due to (i) an increase in headcount, merit increases and higher incentive compensation and (ii) increased contract labor costs driven by our planned investments in technology. the decrease in labor and related benefits costs in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to (i) lower incentive compensation accruals in 2018 and (ii) severance costs for former executives incurred in 2017, which were partially offset by merit increases and a one-time bonus plan established in early 2018 targeted at improving employee retention.
professional fees - the increase in professional fees in 2019 compared with 2018 was primarily driven by higher consulting fees related to our strategic investments in operating, customer facing and back-office technologies, as well as costs incurred in preparation for our pending acquisition of advanced disposal services, inc. ("advanced disposal"). the increase in professional fees in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to the investments we are making in technology and higher legal fees.
provision for bad debts - the decrease in provision for bad debts in 2019 compared with 2018 was due to (i) collection of certain fully reserved receivables and (ii) higher prior year bad debt expense associated with the bankruptcy of a strategic customer. the increase in provision of bad debts in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to increased revenues and the bankruptcy of a strategic customer.
other - the increase in other expenses in 2019 compared with 2018 was principally driven by higher litigation reserves and increased infrastructure costs associated with our investments in technology. the increase in other expenses in 2018 compared with 2017 was primarily due to higher litigation reserves in 2018, which were partially offset by lower costs associated with advertising and travel and entertainment as we continued to focus on controlling costs.
depreciation and amortization expenses the following table summarizes the components of our depreciation and amortization expenses for the years ended december 31 (dollars in millions and as a percentage of revenues):

2019                           2018                          2017
depreciation of tangible property and equipment            $893        5.8   %            $838       5.6   %            $783       5.4   %
amortization of landfill airspace                           575        3.7                 538       3.6                 497       3.4
amortization of intangible assets                           106        0.7                 101       0.7                  96       0.7
$1,574       10.2   %          $1,477       9.9   %          $1,376       9.5   %
the increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment during the reported periods was primarily related to higher capital expenditures due to an intentional focus on accelerating certain fleet and landfill spending to support the company's strong collection and disposal growth. the increase in amortization of landfill airspace during the reported periods was driven by higher volumes at our landfills and changes in landfill estimates.
40
(gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net the following table summarizes the major components of (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net for the years ended december 31 (in millions):

2019        2018          2017
(gain) loss from divestitures          $-       $(96)         $(38)
asset impairments                      42       38            41
other                                   -            -             (19)
$42       $(58)         $(16)
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recognized asset impairments of $42 million, related to (i) $27 million of goodwill impairment charges, as discussed further in note 6, of which $17 million related to our ees organization and $10 million related to our lamptracker® reporting unit and (ii) $15 million of asset impairment charges primarily related to certain solid waste operations.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recognized net gains of $58 million, primarily related to (i) a $52 million gain associated with the sale of certain collection and disposal operations in tier 1 and (ii) net gains of $44 million substantially all from divestitures of certain ancillary operations. these gains were partially offset by (i) a $30 million charge to impair a landfill in tier 3 based on an internally developed discounted projected cash flow analysis, taking into account continued volume decreases and revised capping cost estimates and (ii) $8 million of impairment charges primarily related to our lamptracker® reporting unit.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recognized net gains of $16 million, primarily related to (i) gains of $31 million from the sale of certain oil and gas producing properties and (ii) a $30 million reduction in post-closing, performance-based contingent consideration obligations associated with an acquired business in our ees organization. these gains were partially offset by (i) $34 million of goodwill impairment charges primarily related to our ees organization; (ii) $11 million of charges to adjust our subsidiary's estimated potential share of an environmental remediation liability and related costs for a closed site in harris county, texas, as discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements and (iii) $7 million of charges to write down certain renewable energy assets.
see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the accounting policy and analysis involved in identifying and calculating impairments.
41
income from operations the following table summarizes income from operations for the years ended december 31 and has been updated to reflect our realigned segments which are discussed further in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements (dollars in millions):

period-to-                                      period-to-
period                                          period
2019                  change                    2018                  change                   2017
solid waste:
tier 1                        $1,682            $63          3.9          %   $1,619            $113        7.5          %   $1,506
tier 2                        854               70           8.9              784               7           0.9              777
tier 3                              1,136       144          14.5             992                    (14)        (1.4)             1,006
solid waste                         3,672       277          8.2                    3,395       106         3.2                    3,289
other (a)                           (203)            (137)        *                  (66)       2                (2.9)              (68)
corporate and other (b)             (763)            (223)        41.3              (540)              45        (7.7)             (585)
total                         $2,706            $(83)             (3.0)   %   $2,789            $153        5.8          %   $2,636
percentage of revenues               17.5   %                                        18.7   %                                       18.2   %
* percentage change does not provide a meaningful comparison.
(a)   "other" includes (i) our wmsbs organization; (ii) those elements of our landfill gas-to-energy operations and third-party subcontract and administration revenues managed by our ees and wm renewable energy organizations that are not included in the operations of our reportable segments; (iii) our recycling brokerage services and (iv) certain other expanded service offerings and solutions. in addition, our "other" segment reflects the results of non-operating entities that provide financial assurance and self-insurance support for our solid waste business, net of intercompany activity.

(b)   corporate operating results reflect certain costs incurred for various support services that are not allocated to our reportable segments. these support services include, among other things, treasury, legal, information technology, tax, insurance, centralized service center processes, other administrative functions and the maintenance of our closed landfills. "corporate and other" also includes costs associated with our long-term incentive program and any administrative expenses or revisions to our estimated obligations associated with divested operations.

solid waste - the most significant items affecting the results of operations of our solid waste business during the three years ended december 31, 2019 are summarized below:
the following items affected both comparable periods:
●   income from operations for our collection and disposal business continued to see strong operating results, primarily driven by (i) internal revenue growth; (ii) acquisitions and divestitures and (iii) decreased fuel costs due in part to a year-over-year increase in federal natural gas fuel credits.

however, the following items negatively impacted our results from operations and resulted in lower income from operations in 2019 when compared with 2018:
●   (i) higher operating costs, driven by increased volumes, higher depreciation related to new collection fleet and higher labor, maintenance and repair costs; (ii) lower recycling commodity prices and (iii) asset impairments. the 2018 period was favorably impacted by net gains associated with the sale of certain collection and disposal operations in our tier 1 segment, partially offset by the impairment of a landfill in our tier 3 segment.

in addition, the following items affected 2018 when compared with 2017:
●   our income from operations for our solid waste business benefited from certain federal natural gas fuel credits in the first quarter of 2018 and was negatively impacted by (i) lower market prices for recycling commodities; (ii) higher operating costs, including a one-time bonus plan established in early 2018 targeted at improving

42
employee retention and (iii) increased depreciation and amortization expenses to support growth of our business. during 2018, tier 1 also benefited from net gains associated with the sale of certain collection and disposal operations and tier 3 was negatively impacted by an impairment of a landfill.

other - in 2019 compared with 2018, lower income from operations is a result of (i) net gains from divestitures of certain ancillary operations in the prior year period of $44 million; (ii) $27 million of goodwill impairment charges, of which $17 million related to our ees organization and $10 million related to our lamptracker® reporting unit; (iii) lower commodity prices in 2019 associated with our wm renewable energy organization; (iv) a $16 million non-cash charge to write off certain equipment costs in 2019 and (v) an increase in claims expense as a result of growth in the business and cost inflation. in 2018 compared with 2017, our other segment benefited from net gains from divestitures of certain ancillary operations and improved results in our ees and wm renewable energy organizations, partially offset by higher risk management costs. our 2017 results were also favorably affected by a reduction in contingent consideration obligations in our ees organization.
corporate and other - the most significant items affecting the results of operations for corporate and other during the three years ended december 31, 2019 are summarized below:
the following items affected 2019 when compared with 2018:
●   the decrease in income from operations was driven by increased expenses as a result of (i) higher consulting fees, largely due to the investments we are making in operating, customer facing and back-office technologies; (ii) higher litigation reserves; (iii) preparation for our pending acquisition of advanced disposal and (iv) a decrease in the risk-free discount rate used in the measurement of our environmental remediation obligations and recovery assets in 2019. additionally, we recognized higher incentive compensation costs during 2019.

in addition, the following items affected 2018 when compared with 2017:
●   decreased expenses in 2018 as a result of lower incentive compensation costs and severance costs for former executives incurred in 2017, and to a lesser extent, charges in 2017 to adjust our subsidiary's estimated potential share of an environmental remediation liability and related costs for a closed site in harris county, texas. these decreases were offset, in part, by higher professional fees primarily due to investments in technology.

interest expense, net our interest expense, net was $411 million, $374 million and $363 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in 2019 is primarily attributable to our may 2019 issuance of $4.0 billion senior notes, partially offset by related increases in interest income as a result of higher cash and cash equivalents balances. these items are discussed further below in liquidity and capital resources.
loss on early extinguishment of debt in may 2019, wm issued $4.0 billion of senior notes, which are discussed further below in summary of cash and cash equivalents, restricted trust and escrow accounts and debt obligations. concurrently, we used $344 million of the net proceeds from the newly issued senior notes to retire $257 million of certain high-coupon senior notes. the cash paid includes the principal amount of the debt retired, $84 million of related premiums, which are classified as loss on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations, and $3 million of accrued interest. the principal amount of senior notes redeemed within each series was as follows:
●   $304 million of wm holdings 7.10% senior notes due 2026, of which $56 million were tendered;

●   $395 million of wm 7.00% senior notes due 2028, of which $64 million were tendered;

●   $139 million of wm 7.375% senior notes due 2029, of which $58 million were tendered;

●   $210 million of wm 7.75% senior notes due 2032, of which $57 million were tendered; and

●   $274 million of wm 6.125% senior notes due 2039, of which $22 million were tendered.

43
in the third quarter of 2019, we elected to refund and reissue $99 million of tax-exempt bonds, which resulted in the recognition of a $1 million loss on early extinguishment of debt in our consolidated statement of operations.
equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities we recognized equity in net losses of unconsolidated entities of $55 million, $41 million and $68 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the losses for each period are primarily related to our noncontrolling interests in entities established to invest in and manage low-income housing properties and a refined coal facility. we generate tax benefits, including tax credits, from the losses incurred from these investments, which are discussed further in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. the amount in 2017 includes impairment charges of $29 million to write down equity method investments in waste diversion technology companies to their estimated fair values.
other, net we recognized other, net expense of $50 million and $8 million in 2019 and 2017, respectively, compared to other, net income of $2 million in 2018. in 2019, we recognized a $52 million impairment charge related to our minority-owned investment in a waste conversion technology business. we wrote down our investment to its estimated fair value as the result of recent third-party investor's transactions in securities of this business. the fair value of our investment was not readily determinable; thus, we determined the fair value utilizing a combination of quoted price inputs for the equity in our investment (level 2) and certain management assumptions pertaining to investment value (level 3). the expense for 2017 was impacted by impairment charges of $11 million related to other-than-temporary declines in the value of minority-owned investments in waste diversion technology companies.
income tax expense we recorded income tax expense of $434 million, $453 million and $242 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017 respectively, resulting in effective income tax rates of 20.6%, 19.0% and 11.0% for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the comparability of our income tax expense for the reported periods has been primarily affected by the following:
●   investments qualifying for federal tax credits - our low-income housing properties and refined coal facility investments reduced our income tax expense by $96 million, $57 million and $51 million, primarily due to tax credits realized from these investments for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. see note 19 for additional information related to these unconsolidated variable interest entities.

●   equity-based compensation - during 2019, 2018 and 2017, we recognized excess tax benefits related to the vesting or exercise of equity-based compensation awards resulting in a reduction in our income tax expense of $25 million, $17 million and $37 million, respectively.

●   adjustments to accruals and deferred taxes - adjustments to our accruals and deferred taxes due to the filing of our income tax returns, analysis of our deferred tax balances and changes in state and foreign laws resulted in a reduction in our income tax expense of $22 million, $52 million and $5 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

●   tax audit settlements - we file income tax returns in the u.s. and canada, as well as other state and local jurisdictions. we are currently under audit by various taxing authorities and our audits are in various stages of completion. during the reported periods, we settled various tax audits, which resulted in a reduction in our income tax expense of $2 million, $40 million and $2 million for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

●   enactment of tax reform - in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the company recognized the provisional tax impacts and subsequent measurement period adjustments related to the remeasurement of our deferred income tax assets and liabilities and the one-time, mandatory transition tax on deemed repatriation of previously tax-deferred and unremitted foreign earnings, resulting in a reduction in our income tax expense of $12 million and $529 million for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

44
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to income taxes.
landfill and environmental remediation discussion and analysis we owned or operated 244 solid waste landfills and five secure hazardous waste landfills as of december 31, 2019 and 247 solid waste and five secure hazardous waste landfills as of december 31, 2018. for these landfills, the following table reflects changes in capacity, as measured in tons of waste, for the years ended december 31 and remaining airspace, measured in cubic yards of waste, as of december 31 (in millions):

2019                                           2018
remaining                                      remaining permitted       expansion          total       permitted       expansion          total capacity        capacity       capacity        capacity        capacity       capacity balance as of beginning of year (in tons)                                    4,762             220          4,982           4,799             186          4,985
acquisitions, divestitures, newly permitted landfills and closures   27                          -             27   5                           -              5
changes in expansions pursued (a)                                                -   36                        36               -   72                        72
expansion permits granted (b)                                        57                       (57)              -   42                       (42)              -
tons received                                                                (121)               -          (121)           (116)               -          (116)
changes in engineering estimates and other (c)                       29              1                         30   32              4                         36
balance as of end of year (in tons)                                          4,754   200                    4,954           4,762   220                    4,982
balance as of end of year (in cubic yards)                                   4,694   166                    4,860           4,735   194                    4,929
(a)   amounts reflected here relate to the combined impacts of (i) new expansions pursued; (ii) increases or decreases in the airspace being pursued for ongoing expansion efforts; (iii) adjustments for differences between the airspace being pursued and airspace granted and (iv) decreases due to decisions to no longer pursue expansion permits, if any.

(b)   we received expansion permits at seven of our landfills during 2019 and six of our landfills during 2018, demonstrating our continued success in working with municipalities and regulatory agencies to expand the disposal airspace of our existing landfills.

(c)   changes in engineering estimates can result in changes to the estimated available remaining airspace of a landfill or changes in the utilization of such landfill airspace, affecting the number of tons that can be placed in the future. estimates of the amount of waste that can be placed in the future are reviewed annually by our engineers and are based on a number of factors, including standard engineering techniques and site-specific factors such as current and projected mix of waste type; initial and projected waste density; estimated number of years of life remaining; depth of underlying waste; anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate and operating practices. we continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that may include recirculating landfill leachate where allowed by permit; optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations and training.

the tons received at our landfills for the years ended december 31 are shown below (tons in thousands):

2019                                       2018
# of           total         tons per        # of         total         tons per sites            tons              day       sites          tons              day solid waste landfills                                                                  244   (a)   120,556              443         247       115,972              426
hazardous waste landfills                                                                5             703                3           5           739                3
249         121,259              446         252       116,711              429
solid waste landfills closed, divested or contract expired during related year           8             692                            1           424
121,951   (b)                              117,135   (b)
(a)   in 2019, we acquired five landfills, we closed one landfill and seven landfills under contract either closed or the contract expired.

45
(b)   these amounts include 1.3 million tons and 1.5 million tons as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, that were received at our landfills but were used for beneficial purposes and generally were redirected from the permitted airspace to other areas of the landfill. waste types that are frequently identified for beneficial use include green waste for composting and clean dirt for on-site construction projects.

when a landfill we own or operate receives certification of closure from the applicable regulatory agency, we generally transfer the management of the site, including any remediation activities, to our environmental legacy management group. as of december 31, 2019, our environmental legacy management group managed 212 closed landfills.
based on remaining permitted airspace as of december 31, 2019 and projected annual disposal volume, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all of our owned or operated landfills is approximately 39 years. many of our landfills have the potential for expanded airspace beyond what is currently permitted. we monitor the availability of permitted airspace at each of our landfills and evaluate whether to pursue an expansion at a given landfill based on estimated future disposal volume, disposal prices, construction and operating costs, remaining airspace and likelihood of obtaining an expansion permit. we are seeking expansion permits at 15 of our landfills that meet the expansion criteria outlined in the critical accounting estimates and assumptions - landfills section below. although no assurances can be made that all future expansions will be permitted or permitted as designed, the weighted average remaining landfill life for all owned or operated landfills is approximately 41 years when considering remaining permitted airspace, expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume.
the number of landfills owned or operated as of december 31, 2019, segregated by their estimated operating lives based on remaining permitted and expansion airspace and projected annual disposal volume, was as follows:

# of landfills
0 to 5 years                   27
6 to 10 years                   16
11 to 20 years                   39
21 to 40 years                   65
41+ years                  102
total                  249   (a)
(a)   of the 249 landfills, 207 are owned, 32 are operated under lease agreements and 10 are operated under other contractual agreements. for the landfills not owned, we are usually responsible for final capping, closure and post-closure obligations.

as of december 31, 2019, we have 14 landfills which are not currently accepting waste. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we performed tests of recoverability for five of these landfills with an aggregate net recorded capitalized landfill asset cost of $272 million, for which the undiscounted expected future cash flows resulting from our probability-weighted estimation approach exceeded the carrying values. we did not perform recoverability tests for the remaining nine landfills as the net recorded capitalized landfill asset cost was not material.
landfill assets - we capitalize various costs that we incur to prepare a landfill to accept waste. these costs generally include expenditures for land (including the landfill footprint and required landfill buffer property), permitting, excavation, liner material and installation, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, and on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. the cost basis of our landfill assets also includes estimates of future costs associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities, which are discussed further below.
46
the changes to the cost basis of our landfill assets and accumulated landfill airspace amortization for the year ended december 31, 2019 are reflected in the table below (in millions):

accumulated cost basis of       landfill airspace landfill assets       amortization                landfill assets december 31, 2018                                                     $15,240       $(9,157)                             $6,083
capital additions                                                         656                  -                            656
asset retirement obligations incurred and capitalized                      72                  -                             72
acquisitions                                                              289                  -                            289
amortization of landfill airspace                                           -                  (575)                      (575)
foreign currency translation                                               52                  (22)                          30
asset retirements and other adjustments                                 (399)       428                                      29
december 31, 2019                                                     $15,910       $(9,326)                             $6,584
as of december 31, 2019, we estimate that we will spend approximately $600 million in 2020, and approximately $1.3 billion in 2021 and 2022 combined, for the construction and development of our landfill assets. the specific timing of landfill capital spending is dependent on future events and spending estimates are subject to change due to fluctuations in landfill waste volumes, changes in environmental requirements and other factors impacting landfill operations.
landfill and environmental remediation liabilities - as we accept waste at our landfills, we incur significant asset retirement obligations, which include liabilities associated with landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities. these liabilities are accounted for in accordance with authoritative guidance on accounting for asset retirement obligations and are discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. we also have liabilities for the remediation of properties that have incurred environmental damage, which generally was caused by operations or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired operations or a site. we recognize environmental remediation liabilities when we determine that the liability is probable and the estimated cost for the likely remedy can be reasonably estimated.
the changes to landfill and environmental remediation liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2019 are reflected in the table below (in millions):

environmental landfill           remediation december 31, 2018                                                        $1,760                  $237
obligations incurred and capitalized                                         72                     -
obligations settled                                                       (113)                  (22)
interest accretion                                                           98                     4
revisions in estimates and interest rate assumptions (a) (b)                 33                    21
acquisitions, divestitures and other adjustments                              5                     -
december 31, 2019                                                        $1,855                  $240
(a)   the amount reported for our landfill liabilities includes revisions in estimates resulting primarily from changes in the timing and amount of costs as well as changes in estimates of remaining airspace.

(b)   the amount reported for our environmental remediation liabilities includes an increase of $11 million due to a decrease in the risk-free discount rate used to measure our liabilities from 2.75% at december 31, 2018 to 1.75% at december 31, 2019.

47
landfill operating costs - the following table summarizes our landfill operating costs for the years ended december 31 (in millions):

2019                  2018          2017
interest accretion on landfill liabilities                                                                                 $98            $95           $92
interest accretion on and discount rate adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and recovery assets            13            (2)             3
leachate and methane collection and treatment                                                                              173            150           143
landfill remediation costs                                                                                                   4             13            14
other landfill site costs                                                                                                   91             75            76
total landfill operating costs                                                                                            $379           $331          $328
amortization of landfill airspace - amortization of landfill airspace, which is included as a component of depreciation and amortization expenses, includes the following:
●   the amortization of landfill capital costs, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) estimated future costs for landfill development and construction required to develop our landfills to their remaining permitted and expansion airspace; and

●   the amortization of asset retirement costs arising from landfill final capping, closure and post-closure obligations, including (i) costs that have been incurred and capitalized and (ii) projected asset retirement costs.

amortization expense is recorded on a units-of-consumption basis, applying cost as a rate per ton. the rate per ton is calculated by dividing each component of the amortizable basis of a landfill (net of accumulated amortization) by the number of tons needed to fill the corresponding asset's remaining permitted and expansion airspace. landfill capital costs and closure and post-closure asset retirement costs are generally incurred to support the operation of the landfill over its entire operating life and are, therefore, amortized on a per-ton basis using a landfill's total permitted and expansion airspace. final capping asset retirement costs are related to a specific final capping event and are, therefore, amortized on a per-ton basis using each discrete final capping event's estimated permitted and expansion airspace. accordingly, each landfill has multiple per-ton amortization rates.
the following table presents our landfill airspace amortization expense on a per-ton basis for the years ended december 31:

2019                 2018          2017
amortization of landfill airspace (in millions)                 $575          $538          $497
tons received, net of redirected waste (in millions)             121           116           112
average landfill airspace amortization expense per ton         $4.75         $4.64         $4.44
different per-ton amortization rates are applied at each of our 249 landfills, and per-ton amortization rates vary significantly from one landfill to another due to (i) inconsistencies that often exist in construction costs and provincial, state and local regulatory requirements for landfill development and landfill final capping, closure and post-closure activities and (ii) differences in the cost basis of landfills that we develop versus those that we acquire. accordingly, our landfill airspace amortization expense measured on a per-ton basis can fluctuate due to changes in the mix of volumes we receive across the company each year.
liquidity and capital resources the company consistently generates cash flow from operations that meets and exceeds its working capital needs, the payments of its dividend and investment in the business through capital expenditures and acquisitions. we continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for our present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year as a result of changing business conditions or new opportunities. the company believes that its investment grade credit ratings, large value of unencumbered assets
48
and modest leverage enable it to obtain adequate financing to meet its ongoing capital, operating and other liquidity requirements.
summary of cash and cash equivalents, restricted trust and escrow accounts and debt obligations the following is a summary of our cash and cash equivalents, restricted trust and escrow accounts and debt balances as of december 31 (in millions):

2019                          2018
cash and cash equivalents                                                            $3,561               $61
restricted trust and escrow accounts:
insurance reserves (a)                                                                 $270              $252
final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation funds                109               103
other                                                                                     4                11
total restricted trust and escrow accounts                                             $383              $366
debt:
current portion                                                                        $218              $432
long-term portion                                                                    13,280             9,594
total debt                                                                          $13,498           $10,026
(a)   includes $70 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018 in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets.

cash and cash equivalents - cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2019 primarily include proceeds from the may 2019 issuance of senior notes and our september 2019 issuance of canadian senior notes. these items are discussed further below and in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
debt - we use long-term borrowings in addition to the cash we generate from operations as part of our overall financial strategy to support and grow our business. we primarily use senior notes and tax-exempt bonds to borrow on a long-term basis, but we also use other instruments and facilities, when appropriate. the components of our borrowings as of december 31, 2019 are described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2019, we had $1.5 billion of debt maturing within the next 12 months, including (i) $600 million of 4.75% senior notes that mature in june 2020; (ii) $669 million of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months, which is prior to their scheduled maturities, and (iii) $218 million of other debt with scheduled maturities within the next 12 months, including $112 million of tax-exempt bonds. as of december 31, 2019, we have classified $1.3 billion of debt maturing in the next 12 months as long-term because we have the intent and ability to refinance these borrowings on a long-term basis as supported by the forecasted available capacity under our $3.5 billion long-term u.s. and canadian revolving credit facility ("$3.5 billion revolving credit facility"), as discussed below. the remaining $218 million of debt maturing in the next 12 months is classified as current obligations.
as of december 31, 2019, we also have $169 million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds that are supported by letters of credit under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility, of which $15 million mature within the next 12 months. the interest rates on our variable-rate tax-exempt bonds are generally reset on either a daily or weekly basis through a remarketing process. all recent tax-exempt bond remarketings have successfully placed company bonds with investors at market-driven rates and we currently expect future remarketings to be successful. however, if the remarketing agent is unable to remarket our bonds, the remarketing agent can put the bonds to us. in the event of a failed remarketing, we have the availability under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility to fund these bonds until they are remarketed successfully. accordingly, we have classified $154 million of these borrowings as long-term in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019.
49
in may 2019, wm issued $4.0 billion of senior notes consisting of:
●   $750 million of 2.95% senior notes due june 15, 2024;

●   $750 million of 3.20% senior notes due june 15, 2026;

●   $1.0 billion of 3.45% senior notes due june 15, 2029;

●   $500 million of 4.00% senior notes due july 15, 2039; and

●   $1.0 billion of 4.15% senior notes due july 15, 2049.

the net proceeds from these debt issuances were $3.97 billion. concurrently, we used $344 million of the net proceeds from the newly issued senior notes to retire $257 million of certain high-coupon senior notes. the cash paid includes the principal amount of the debt retired, $84 million of related premiums and $3 million of accrued interest as discussed above in loss on early extinguishment of debt. we used a portion of the proceeds to repay our commercial paper borrowings. we intend to use the remaining net proceeds to pay a portion of the consideration related to our pending acquisition of advanced disposal, which is discussed in pending acquisition below, and for general corporate purposes. the newly-issued senior notes due 2024, 2026, 2029 and 2039 include a special mandatory redemption feature, which provides that if the acquisition of advanced disposal is not completed on or prior to july 14, 2020, or if, prior to such date, the merger agreement is terminated for any reason, we will be required to redeem all of such outstanding notes equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amounts of such notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest.
in september 2019, waste management of canada corporation, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of wm, issued c$500 million, or $377 million, of 2.6% senior notes due september 23, 2026, all of which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by wm and wm holdings. the net proceeds from the debt issuance were c$496 million, or $373 million, which we intend to use for general corporate purposes.
see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for more information related to the debt transactions.
we have credit facilities in place to support our liquidity and financial assurance needs. the following table summarizes our outstanding letters of credit, categorized by type of facility as of december 31 (in millions):

2019                   2018
revolving credit facility (a)                  $412            $587
other letter of credit facilities (b)           532             556
$944          $1,143
(a)   as of december 31, 2019, we had an unused and available credit capacity of $3.1 billion.

(b)   as of december 31, 2019, these other letter of credit facilities are both committed and uncommitted with terms extending through april 2021.

refinancing of revolving credit facility in november 2019, we entered into the $3.5 billion revolving credit facility, which amended and restated our prior long-term u.s. and canadian revolving credit facility. amendments to the credit agreement included (i) increasing total capacity under the facility from $2.75 billion to $3.5 billion; (ii) increasing the accordion feature that may be used to increase total capacity in future periods from $750 million to $1.0 billion and (iii) extending the term through november 2024. the agreement provides the company with two one-year extension options. waste management of canada corporation and wm quebec inc., each an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of wm, are borrowers under the $3.5 billion revolving credit facility, and the agreement permits borrowing in canadian dollars up to the u.s. dollar equivalent of $375 million, with such borrowings to be repaid in canadian dollars. wm holdings, a wholly-owned subsidiary of wm, guarantees all the obligations under the $3.5 billion revolving credit facility.
50
summary of cash flow activity the following is a summary of our cash flows for the years ended december 31 (in millions):

2019                         2018   2017
net cash provided by operating activities                      $3,874       $3,570            $3,180
net cash used in investing activities                        $(2,376)       $(2,169)          $(1,620)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities            $1,964       $(1,508)          $(1,361)
net cash provided by operating activities - our operating cash flows increased by $304 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared with the prior year period, as a result of (i) higher cash-based earnings in the current year period primarily associated with our collection and disposal business; (ii) lower bonus payments in the current year; (iii) lower income tax payments of $57 million in the current year and (iv) net favorable changes in our operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures, offset slightly by higher interest payments in the current year period primarily due to our may 2019 issuance of senior notes.
our operating cash flows increased by $390 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared with the prior year period, as a result of (i) higher earnings primarily associated with our collection and disposal business and (ii) lower income tax payments of $213 million, driven by enactment of tax reform and timing of income tax payments partially offset by lower earnings from our recycling line of business.
net cash used in investing activities - the most significant items affecting the comparison of our investing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
●   acquisitions - our spending on acquisitions was $527 million, $466 million and $200 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of which $521 million, $460 million and $198 million, respectively, are considered cash used in investing activities. the remaining spend is either cash used in a financing or an operating activity related to the timing of contingent consideration paid. substantially all of these acquisitions are related to our solid waste business. our acquisition spending in 2019 is primarily attributable to petro waste environmental lp. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. we continue to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings.

●   capital expenditures - we used $1,818 million, $1,694 million and $1,509 million for capital expenditures in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase is primarily due to an intentional focus on accelerating certain collection fleet and landfill spending to support the company's strong collection and disposal growth.

●   proceeds from divestitures - proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets (net of cash divested) were $49 million, $208 million and $99 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. in 2019, 2018 and 2017, $8 million, $153 million and $62 million of these divestitures, respectively, were made as part of our continuous focus on improving or divesting certain non-strategic or underperforming operations, with the remaining amounts generally related to the sale of fixed assets.

●   other, net - our spending within other, net was $86 million, $223 million, and $12 million in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. cash used for other investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily related to (i) changes in our investments portfolio associated with a wholly-owned insurance captive from restricted cash and cash equivalents to available-for-sale securities and (ii) an initial cash payment for low-income housing investments, which is discussed further in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. these items were partially offset by cash proceeds from the redemption of our preferred stock received in conjunction with the 2014 sale of our puerto rico operations, which is discussed in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to changes in our investments portfolio associated with our wholly-owned insurance captive from restricted cash and cash equivalents to available-for-sale securities. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.

51
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities - the most significant items affecting the comparison of our financing cash flows for the periods presented are summarized below:
●   debt borrowings (repayments) - the following summarizes our cash borrowings and repayments of debt (excluding our commercial paper program discussed below) for the years ended december 31 (in millions):


2019                         2018               2017
borrowings:
revolving credit facility (a)                          $-                $119              $302
canadian term loan and revolving credit facility                 -       8                 9
senior notes                                                 3,971                 -                745
canadian senior notes                                          373                 -                  -
tax-exempt bonds                                               339               185                299
other debt                                                       -       47                124
$4,683            $359              $1,479
repayments:
revolving credit facility (a)                          $(11)             $(108)            $(728)
canadian term loan and revolving credit facility                 -             (117)              (146)
senior notes                                                 (257)                 -              (590)
tax-exempt bonds                                             (204)             (167)              (251)
other debt                                                    (61)             (107)              (192)
$(533)            $(499)            $(1,907)
net cash borrowings (repayments)                       $4,150            $(140)            $(428)

(a)   our revolving credit facility was amended and restated in november 2019.
refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our debt borrowings and repayments.
●   premiums paid on early extinguishment of debt - during the year ended december 31, 2019, we paid premiums of $84 million to retire certain high-coupon senior notes. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this debt transaction.

●   commercial paper program - during 2019, we had net cash repayments of $1,001 million compared to net cash borrowings of $453 million and $513 million (net of the related discounts on issuance) during 2018 and 2017, respectively, under our commercial paper program. we repaid the outstanding balance with proceeds from the may 2019 issuance of senior notes discussed above. borrowings were primarily to support acquisitions, new business opportunities and for general corporate purposes.

●   common stock repurchase program - for the periods presented, all share repurchases have been made in accordance with financial plans approved by our board of directors. we repurchased $244 million, $1,008 million (including $4 million paid in january 2019) and $750 million of our common stock during 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. as a result of the pending acquisition of advanced disposal discussed in pending acquisition below, we limited our 2019 share repurchases to an amount sufficient to offset dilution impacts from our stock-based compensation plans. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.

in december 2019, we publicly confirmed that the company has $1.32 billion remaining on its existing board of directors' authorization to repurchase shares of the company's common stock. any future share repurchases will be made at the discretion of management and will depend on factors similar to those considered by the board of directors in making dividend declarations.
●   cash dividends - for the periods presented, all dividends have been declared by our board of directors.

we paid aggregate cash dividends of $876 million, $802 million and $750 million during 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in dividend payments is due to our quarterly per share dividend increasing from $0.425
52
in 2017 to $0.465 in 2018 and to $0.5125 in 2019 and has been offset, in part, by a reduction in our common stock outstanding as a result of our common stock repurchase program.
in december 2019, we announced that our board of directors expects to increase the quarterly dividend from $0.5125 to $0.545 per share for dividends declared in 2020. however, all future dividend declarations are at the discretion of the board of directors and depend on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash required for future business plans, growth and acquisitions and other factors the board of directors may deem relevant.
●   proceeds from the exercise of common stock options - the exercise of common stock options generated financing cash inflows of $67 million, $52 million and $95 million during 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the year-over-year changes are generally due to the number of stock options exercised and the exercise price of those options.

free cash flow we are presenting free cash flow, which is a non-gaap measure of liquidity, in our disclosures because we use this measure in the evaluation and management of our business. we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets (net of cash divested). we believe it is indicative of our ability to pay our quarterly dividends, repurchase common stock, fund acquisitions and other investments and, in the absence of refinancings, to repay our debt obligations. free cash flow is not intended to replace net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most comparable gaap measure. we believe free cash flow gives investors useful insight into how we view our liquidity, but the use of free cash flow as a liquidity measure has material limitations because it excludes certain expenditures that are required or that we have committed to, such as declared dividend payments and debt service requirements.
our calculation of free cash flow and reconciliation to net cash provided by operating activities is shown in the table below for the years ended december 31 (in millions), and may not be calculated the same as similarly-titled measures presented by other companies:

2019                             2018                2017
net cash provided by operating activities                                                     $3,874              $3,570              $3,180
capital expenditures                                                                         (1,818)             (1,694)             (1,509)
proceeds from divestitures of businesses and other assets (net of cash divested)                  49                 208                  99
free cash flow                                                                                $2,105              $2,084              $1,770
53
summary of contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019 and the anticipated effect of these obligations on our liquidity in future years (in millions):

2020                     2021            2022            2023              2024       thereafter          total recorded obligations:
expected environmental liabilities: (a)
final capping, closure and post-closure                         $138            $161            $114             $96              $133       $2,587              $3,229
environmental remediation                                         27              33              44              34                22       72                  232
non-cancelable operating lease obligations                        63              58              57              51                40       359                 628
228             252             215             181               195               3,018              4,089
debt payments (b) (c) (d)                                        823             629             660             646             1,220               9,701             13,679
unrecorded obligations: (e)
interest on debt (f)                                             472             439             425             399               371               3,446              5,552
estimated unconditional purchase obligations (g)                 156             143              65              57                47       379                 847
anticipated liquidity impact as of december 31, 2019          $1,679          $1,463          $1,365          $1,283            $1,833       $16,544             $24,167
(a)   environmental liabilities include final capping, closure, post-closure and environmental remediation costs recorded in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019, without the impact of discounting and inflation. our recorded environmental liabilities for final capping, closure and post-closure will increase as we continue to place additional tons within the permitted airspace at our landfills.

(b)   these amounts represent the scheduled principal payments related to our long-term debt and financing leases, excluding interest.

(c)   our debt obligations as of december 31, 2019 include $669 million of tax-exempt bonds with term interest rate periods that expire within the next 12 months. if the remarketings of our bonds are unsuccessful, then the bonds can be put to us, requiring immediate repayment. we have classified the anticipated cash flows for these contractual obligations based on the scheduled maturity of the borrowings for purposes of this disclosure. for additional information regarding the classification of these borrowings in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2019, refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

(d)   our recorded debt obligations include non-cash adjustments associated with debt issuance costs, discounts, premiums and fair value adjustments attributable to terminated interest rate derivatives. these amounts have been excluded as they will not impact our liquidity in future periods.

(e)   our unrecorded obligations represent operating lease obligations and purchase commitments from which we expect to realize an economic benefit in future periods and interest payable on our debt. we have also made certain guarantees, as discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, that we do not expect to materially affect our current or future financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

(f)   interest on our fixed-rate debt was calculated based on contractual rates and interest on our variable-rate debt was calculated based on interest rates as of december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2019, we had $122 million of accrued interest related to our debt obligations.

(g)   our unconditional purchase obligations are for various contractual obligations that we generally incur in the ordinary course of our business. certain of our obligations are quantity driven. for contracts that require us to purchase minimum quantities of goods or services, we have estimated our future minimum obligations based on the current market values of the underlying products or services or contractually stated amounts. accordingly, the amounts reported in the table are subject to change and actual cash flow obligations in the near future may be different. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the nature and terms of our unconditional purchase obligations.

54
pending acquisition on april 14, 2019, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the "merger agreement") to acquire all outstanding shares of advanced disposal for $33.15 per share in cash, representing a total enterprise value of $4.9 billion when including approximately $1.9 billion of advanced disposal's net debt. advanced disposal's solid waste network includes 95 collection operations, 73 transfer stations, 41 owned or operated landfills and 22 owned or operated recycling facilities. on june 28, 2019, advanced disposal announced that 85.9% of the outstanding shares of its common stock entitled to vote were voted in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement at a special meeting of stockholders held that day. we anticipate that we will obtain antitrust regulatory approval by the end of march 2020 and close the advanced disposal transaction soon thereafter.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions in preparing our financial statements, we make numerous estimates and assumptions that affect the accounting for and recognition and disclosure of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses. we must make these estimates and assumptions because certain information that we use is dependent on future events, cannot be calculated with precision from available data or simply cannot be calculated. in some cases, these estimates are difficult to determine, and we must exercise significant judgment. in preparing our financial statements, the most difficult, subjective and complex estimates and the assumptions that present the greatest amount of uncertainty relate to our accounting for landfills, environmental remediation liabilities, long-lived asset impairments and reserves associated with our insured and self-insured claims. each of these items is discussed in additional detail below and in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.
landfills accounting for landfills requires that significant estimates and assumptions be made regarding (i) the cost to construct and develop each landfill asset; (ii) the estimated fair value of final capping, closure and post-closure asset retirement obligations, which must consider both the expected cost and timing of these activities; (iii) the determination of each landfill's remaining permitted and expansion airspace and (iv) the airspace associated with each final capping event.
landfill costs - we estimate the total cost to develop each of our landfill sites to its remaining permitted and expansion airspace. this estimate includes such costs as landfill liner material and installation, excavation for airspace, landfill leachate collection systems, landfill gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering, capitalized interest, on-site road construction and other capital infrastructure costs. additionally, landfill development includes all land purchases for the landfill footprint and required landfill buffer property. the projection of these landfill costs is dependent, in part, on future events. the remaining amortizable basis of each landfill includes costs to develop a site to its remaining permitted and expansion airspace and includes amounts previously expended and capitalized, net of accumulated airspace amortization, and projections of future purchase and development costs.
final capping costs - we estimate the cost for each final capping event based on the area to be capped and the capping materials and activities required. the estimates also consider when these costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. our engineering personnel allocate landfill final capping costs to specific final capping events. the landfill airspace associated with each final capping event is then quantified and the final capping costs for each event are amortized over the related airspace associated with the event as waste is disposed of at the landfill. we review these costs annually, or more often if significant facts change. changes in estimates, such as timing or cost of construction, for final capping events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed asset, the adjustment to the asset must be amortized immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a final capping event that has not been fully consumed, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace amortization.
closure and post-closure costs - we base our estimates for closure and post-closure costs on our interpretations of permit and regulatory requirements for closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance. the estimates for landfill
55
closure and post-closure costs also consider when the costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates. the possibility of changing legal and regulatory requirements and the forward-looking nature of these types of costs make any estimation or assumption less certain. changes in estimates for closure and post-closure events immediately impact the required liability and the corresponding asset. when the change in estimate relates to a fully consumed asset, the adjustment to the asset must be amortized immediately through expense. when the change in estimate relates to a landfill asset that has not been fully consumed, the adjustment to the asset is recognized in income prospectively as a component of landfill airspace amortization.
remaining permitted airspace - our engineers, in consultation with third-party engineering consultants and surveyors, are responsible for determining remaining permitted airspace at our landfills. the remaining permitted airspace is determined by an annual survey, which is used to compare the existing landfill topography to the expected final landfill topography.
expansion airspace - we also include currently unpermitted expansion airspace in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace in certain circumstances. first, to include airspace associated with an expansion effort, we must generally expect the initial expansion permit application to be submitted within one year and the final expansion permit to be received within five years. second, we must believe that obtaining the expansion permit is likely, considering the following criteria:
●   personnel are actively working on the expansion of an existing landfill, including efforts to obtain land use and local, state or provincial approvals;

●   we have a legal right to use or obtain land to be included in the expansion plan;

●   there are no significant known technical, legal, community, business, or political restrictions or similar issues that could negatively affect the success of such expansion; and

●   financial analysis has been completed based on conceptual design, and the results demonstrate that the expansion meets company criteria for investment.

for unpermitted airspace to be initially included in our estimate of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, the expansion effort must meet all the criteria listed above. these criteria are evaluated by our field-based engineers, accountants, managers and others to identify potential obstacles to obtaining the permits. once the unpermitted airspace is included, our policy provides that airspace may continue to be included in remaining permitted and expansion airspace even if certain of these criteria are no longer met as long as we continue to believe we will ultimately obtain the permit, based on the facts and circumstances of a specific landfill. in these circumstances, continued inclusion must be approved through a landfill-specific review process that includes approval by our chief financial officer on a quarterly basis.
when we include the expansion airspace in our calculations of remaining permitted and expansion airspace, we also include the projected costs for development, as well as the projected asset retirement costs related to final capping, closure and post-closure of the expansion in the amortization basis of the landfill.
once the remaining permitted and expansion airspace is determined in cubic yards, an airspace utilization factor ("auf") is established to calculate the remaining permitted and expansion capacity in tons. the auf is established using the measured density obtained from previous annual surveys and is then adjusted to account for future settlement. the amount of settlement that is forecasted will take into account several site-specific factors including current and projected mix of waste type, initial and projected waste density, estimated number of years of life remaining, depth of underlying waste, anticipated access to moisture through precipitation or recirculation of landfill leachate and operating practices. in addition, the initial selection of the auf is subject to a subsequent multi-level review by our engineering group and the auf used is reviewed on a periodic basis and revised as necessary. our historical experience generally indicates that the impact of settlement at a landfill is greater later in the life of the landfill when the waste placed at the landfill approaches its highest point under the permit requirements.
after determining the costs and remaining permitted and expansion capacity at each of our landfills, we determine the per ton rates that will be expensed as waste is received and deposited at the landfill by dividing the costs by the
56
corresponding number of tons. we calculate per ton amortization rates for each landfill for assets associated with each final capping event, for assets related to closure and post-closure activities and for all other costs capitalized or to be capitalized in the future. these rates per ton are updated annually, or more often, as significant facts change.
it is possible that actual results, including the amount of costs incurred, the timing of final capping, closure and post-closure activities, our airspace utilization or the success of our expansion efforts could ultimately turn out to be significantly different from our estimates and assumptions. to the extent that such estimates, or related assumptions, prove to be significantly different than actual results, lower profitability may be experienced due to higher amortization rates or higher expenses; or higher profitability may result if the opposite occurs. most significantly, if it is determined that expansion capacity should no longer be considered in calculating the recoverability of a landfill asset, we may be required to recognize an asset impairment or incur significantly higher amortization expense. if at any time management makes the decision to abandon the expansion effort, the capitalized costs related to the expansion effort are expensed immediately.
environmental remediation liabilities a significant portion of our operating costs and capital expenditures could be characterized as costs of environmental protection. the nature of our operations, particularly with respect to the construction, operation and maintenance of our landfills subjects us to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. under current laws and regulations, we may have liabilities for environmental damage caused by operations, or for damage caused by conditions that existed before we acquired a site. these liabilities include prp investigations, settlements, and certain legal and consultant fees, as well as costs directly associated with site investigation and clean up, such as materials, external contractor costs and incremental internal costs directly related to the remedy. we provide for expenses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such amounts are probable and can be reasonably estimated. we routinely review and evaluate sites that require remediation and determine our estimated cost for the likely remedy based on a number of estimates and assumptions.
where it is probable that a liability has been incurred, we estimate costs required to remediate sites based on site-specific facts and circumstances. we routinely review and evaluate sites that require remediation, considering whether we were an owner, operator, transporter, or generator at the site, the amount and type of waste hauled to the site and the number of years we were associated with the site. next, we review the same type of information with respect to other named and unnamed prps. estimates of the costs for the likely remedy are then either developed using our internal resources or by third-party environmental engineers or other service providers. internally developed estimates are based on:
●   management's judgment and experience in remediating our own and unrelated parties' sites;

●   information available from regulatory agencies as to costs of remediation;

●   the number, financial resources and relative degree of responsibility of other prps who may be liable for remediation of a specific site; and

●   the typical allocation of costs among prps, unless the actual allocation has been determined.

long-lived asset impairments we assess our long-lived assets for impairment as required under the applicable accounting standards. if necessary, impairments are recorded in (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net in our consolidated statement of operations.
property and equipment, including landfills and definite-lived intangible assets - we monitor the carrying value of our long-lived assets for potential impairment on an ongoing basis and test the recoverability of such assets generally using significant unobservable ("level 3") inputs whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. these events or changes in circumstances, including management decisions pertaining to such assets, are referred to as impairment indicators. if an impairment indicator occurs, we perform a test of recoverability by comparing the carrying value of the asset or asset group to its undiscounted expected future cash flows.
57
if cash flows cannot be separately and independently identified for a single asset, we will determine whether an impairment has occurred for the group of assets for which we can identify the projected cash flows. if the carrying values are in excess of undiscounted expected future cash flows, we measure any impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset or asset group to its carrying value and the difference is recorded in the period that the impairment indicator occurs. fair value is generally determined by considering (i) internally developed discounted projected cash flow analysis of the asset or asset group; (ii) actual third-party valuations and/or (iii) information available regarding the current market for similar assets. estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment and projections may vary from the cash flows eventually realized, which could impact our ability to accurately assess whether an asset has been impaired.
the assessment of impairment indicators and the recoverability of our capitalized costs associated with landfills and related expansion projects require significant judgment due to the unique nature of the waste industry, the highly regulated permitting process and the sensitive estimates involved. during the review of a landfill expansion application, a regulator may initially deny the expansion application although the expansion permit is ultimately granted. in addition, management may periodically divert waste from one landfill to another to conserve remaining permitted landfill airspace, or a landfill may be required to cease accepting waste, prior to receipt of the expansion permit. however, such events occur in the ordinary course of business in the waste industry and do not necessarily result in impairment of our landfill assets because, after consideration of all facts, such events may not affect our belief that we will ultimately obtain the expansion permit. as a result, our tests of recoverability, which generally make use of a probability-weighted cash flow estimation approach, may indicate that no impairment loss should be recorded.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill - at least annually, and more frequently if warranted, we assess the indefinite-lived intangible assets including the goodwill of our reporting units for impairment using level 3 inputs.
we first performed a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying value. if the assessment indicated a possible impairment, we completed a quantitative review, comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. an impairment charge was recognized if the asset's estimated fair value was less than its carrying amount. fair value is typically estimated using an income approach. however, when appropriate, we may also use a market approach. the income approach is based on the long-term projected future cash flows of the reporting units. we discount the estimated cash flows to present value using a weighted average cost of capital that considers factors such as market assumptions, the timing of the cash flows and the risks inherent in those cash flows. we believe that this approach is appropriate because it provides a fair value estimate based upon the reporting units' expected long-term performance considering the economic and market conditions that generally affect our business. the market approach estimates fair value by measuring the aggregate market value of publicly-traded companies with similar characteristics to our business as a multiple of their reported earnings. we then apply that multiple to the reporting units' earnings to estimate their fair values. we believe that this approach may also be appropriate in certain circumstances because it provides a fair value estimate using valuation inputs from entities with operations and economic characteristics comparable to our reporting units.
fair value is computed using several factors, including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable marketplace data and the cost of capital. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to our judgment in applying them in our analysis. however, we believe our methodology for estimating the fair value of our reporting units is reasonable.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - (gain) loss from divestitures, asset impairments and unusual items, net and note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for information related to goodwill impairments recognized during the reported periods.
insured and self-insured claims we have retained a significant portion of the risks related to our health and welfare, general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation claims programs. the exposure for unpaid claims and associated expenses, including incurred but not reported losses, are based on an actuarial valuations and internal estimates. the accruals for these liabilities
58
could be revised if future occurrences or loss developments significantly differ from our assumptions used. estimated recoveries associated with our insured claims are recorded as assets when we believe that the receipt of such amounts is probable.
we use a wholly-owned insurance captive to insure the deductibles for our general liability, automobile liability and workers' compensation claims programs. we continue to maintain conventional insurance policies with third-party insurers. in addition to certain business and operating benefits of having a wholly-owned insurance captive, we expect to receive certain cash flow benefits related to the timing of tax deductions related to these claims. wm will pay an annual premium to the insurance captive, typically in the first quarter of the year, for the estimated losses based on the external actuarial analysis. these premiums are held in a restricted escrow account to be used solely for paying insurance claims, resulting in a transfer of risk from wm to the insurance captive and are allocated between current and long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets depending on timing on the use of funds.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have financial interests in unconsolidated variable interest entities as discussed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, we are party to guarantee arrangements with unconsolidated entities as discussed in the guarantees section of note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. these arrangements have not materially affected our financial position, results of operations or liquidity during the year ended december 31, 2019, nor are they expected to have a material impact on our future financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
inflation while inflationary increases in costs can affect our income from operations margins, we believe that inflation generally has not had, and in the near future is not expected to have, any material adverse effect on our results of operations. however, as of december 31, 2019, approximately 30% of our collection revenues are generated under long-term agreements with price adjustments based on various indices intended to measure inflation. additionally, management's estimates associated with inflation have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our accounting for landfill and environmental remediation liabilities.
