item 1a. risk factors our businesses face significant risks. if any of the events or circumstances described as risks below occur, our businesses, results of operations and/or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. in addition to those described below, our businesses may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial.
risks relating to our industry our results may fluctuate as a result of many factors, including cyclical changes in the insurance and reinsurance industry.
the results of companies in the property casualty insurance industry historically have been subject to significant fluctuations and uncertainties in demand and pricing, causing cyclical changes in the insurance and reinsurance industry. the demand for insurance is influenced primarily by general economic conditions, while the supply of insurance is often directly related to available capacity or the perceived profitability of the business. in recent years, we have faced significant competition in our business, as a result of new entrants and capital providers, as well as existing insurers seeking to gain or maintain market share. recently, premium rates have increased at an accelerating pace for most lines of business, while they have decreased in others, most notably workers' compensation. the adequacy of premium rates is affected mainly by the severity and frequency of claims, which are influenced by many factors, including natural disasters, regulatory measures and court decisions that define and expand the extent of coverage and the effects of economic or social inflation on the amount of compensation due for injuries or losses. in addition, investment rates of return have impacted rate adequacy, with interest rates remaining at or near historic lows. these factors can have a significant impact on ultimate profitability because a property casualty insurance policy is priced before its costs are known as premiums usually are determined long before claims are reported. these factors could produce results that would have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
we face significant competitive pressures in our businesses, which have pressured premium rates in certain areas and could harm our ability to maintain or increase our profitability and premium volume.
we compete with a large number of other companies in our selected lines of business. we compete, and will continue to compete, with major u.s. and non-u.s. insurers and reinsurers, other regional companies, as well as mutual companies, specialty insurance companies, underwriting agencies, diversified financial services companies and insurtech companies. competitiveness in our businesses is based on many factors, including premium charges, ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, commissions paid to producers, the perceived financial strength of the company, other terms and conditions offered, services provided (including ease of doing business over the internet), speed of claims payment and reputation and experience in the lines to be written. in recent years, the insurance industry has undergone consolidation, which may further increase competition.
some of our competitors, particularly in the reinsurance business, have greater financial and/or marketing resources than we do. these competitors within the reinsurance market include swiss re, munich re, berkshire hathaway, transatlantic reinsurance, and partner re. we expect that perceived financial strength, in particular, will become more important as customers seek high quality reinsurers.
over the past several years, increased supply has led to significant competition in our business. our e&s operating units have also encountered competition from admitted companies seeking to increase market share. more recently, insurance prices have generally increased for most lines of business, excluding workers' compensation. however, loss costs have also increased and the duration and magnitude of the improving pricing environment remains uncertain. with the low level of interest rates available, current price levels for certain lines of business may remain below the prices required for us to achieve our long-term return objectives. we expect to continue to face strong competition in these and our other lines of business.
in recent years, various types of investors have increasingly sought to participate in the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries. well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries, or existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital or access to third-party capital, provide increasing competition, which may adversely impact our business and profitability. further, an expanded supply of reinsurance capital may lower costs for insurers that rely on reinsurance and, as a consequence, those insurers may be able to price their products more competitively. in addition, technology companies or other third parties have created, and may in the future create, technology-enabled business models, processes, platforms or alternate distribution channels that may adversely impact our competitive position.
this intense competition could cause the supply and/or demand for insurance or reinsurance to change, which affect our ability to price our products at attractive rates and retain existing business or write new products at adequate rates or on terms and conditions acceptable to us. if we are unable to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on terms and conditions acceptable to us, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, which may require us to establish additional reserves.
our gross reserves for losses and loss expenses were approximately $12.6 billion as of december 31, 2019. our loss reserves reflect our best estimates of the cost of settling claims and related expenses with respect to insured events that have occurred.
reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability. rather, reserves represent an estimate of what management expects the ultimate settlement and claims administration will cost for claims that have occurred, whether known or unknown. the major assumptions about anticipated loss emergence patterns are subject to unanticipated fluctuation. these estimates, which generally involve actuarial projections, are based on management's assessment of facts and circumstances then known, as well as estimates of future trends in claims severity and frequency, inflation, judicial theories of liability, reinsurance coverage, legislative changes and other factors, including the actions of third parties, which are beyond our control.
the inherent uncertainties of estimating reserves are greater for certain types of liabilities, where long periods of time elapse before a definitive determination of liability is made and settlement is reached. in periods with increased economic volatility, it becomes more difficult to accurately predict claim costs. it is especially difficult to estimate the impact of inflation on loss reserves given the current economic environment and related government actions. both inflation overall and medical cost inflation, which has historically been greater than inflation overall, can have an adverse impact.
reserve estimates are continually refined in an ongoing process as experience develops and further claims are reported and settled. adjustments to reserves are reflected in the results of the periods in which such estimates are changed. because setting reserves is inherently uncertain, we cannot assure that our current reserves will prove adequate in light of subsequent events. should we need to increase our reserves, our pre-tax income for the reporting period would decrease by a corresponding amount.
we discount our reserves for excess and assumed workers' compensation business because of the long period of time over which losses are paid. discounting is intended to appropriately match losses and loss expenses to income earned on investment securities supporting liabilities. the expected loss and loss expense payout pattern subject to discounting is derived from our loss payout experience. changes in the loss and loss expense payout pattern are recorded in the period they are determined. if the actual loss payout pattern is shorter than anticipated, the discount will be reduced and pre-tax income will decrease by a corresponding amount.
the effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.
as industry practices and economic, legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claim and coverage may emerge. these issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. examples of emerging claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to:
•   judicial expansion of policy coverage and a greater propensity to grant claimants more favorable amounts and the impact of new theories of liability;
•   plaintiffs targeting property and casualty insurers, including us, in purported class action litigation relating to claims-handling and other practices;
•   social inflation trends, including higher and more frequent claims, more favorable judgments and legislated increases;
•   medical developments that link health issues to particular causes, resulting in liability claims;
•   claims relating to unanticipated consequences of current or new technologies, including cyber security related risks;
•   claims relating to potentially changing climate conditions; and
•   increased claims due to third party funding of litigation.
in some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after we have issued the affected insurance policies. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance policies may not be known until many years after the policies are issued.
in addition, the potential passage of new legislation designed to expand the right to sue, to remove limitations on recovery, to extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise to repeal or weaken tort reforms could have an adverse impact on our business.
the effects of these and other unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are difficult to predict and could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
as a property casualty insurer, we face losses from natural and man-made catastrophes.
property casualty insurers are subject to claims arising out of catastrophes that may have a significant effect on their results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. catastrophe losses have had a significant impact on our results. for example, catastrophe losses net of reinsurance recoveries were $90 million in 2019, $105 million in 2018, and $184 million in 2017. similarly, man-made catastrophes can also have a material impact on our financial results.
catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, tsunamis, hailstorms, explosions, severe winter weather and fires, as well as terrorist and other man-made activities, including drilling, mining and other industrial accidents, cyber events or terrorist activities. the incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable. the extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. some catastrophes are restricted to small geographic areas; however, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis and other disasters may produce significant damage in large, heavily populated areas. catastrophes can cause losses in a variety of our property and casualty lines, and most of our past catastrophe-related claims have resulted from severe storms. seasonal weather variations or the impact of climate change may affect the severity and frequency of our losses. insurance companies are not permitted to reserve for a catastrophe until it has occurred. it is therefore possible that a catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could produce significant losses and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
changing climate conditions may increase the frequency and severity of catastrophic events and thereby adversely affect our financial condition and results.
over the past several years, changing weather patterns and climatic conditions, such as global warming, appear to have contributed to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of natural disasters and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. there is a growing scientific consensus that global warming and other climate change are increasing the frequency and severity of catastrophic weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, floods and other natural disasters.  such changes make it more difficult for us to predict and model catastrophic events, reducing our ability to accurately price our exposure to such events and mitigate our risks. any increase in the frequency or severity of natural disasters may adversely affect our financial condition and results.
we, as a primary insurer, may have significant exposure for terrorist acts.
to the extent an act of terrorism, whether a domestic or foreign act, is certified by the secretary of treasury, we may be covered under the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2015 ("tripra"), for up to 81% of our covered losses as of january 1, 2020 for certain property/casualty lines of insurance. however, any such coverage would be subject to a mandatory deductible based on 20% of earned premium for the prior year for the covered lines of commercial property and casualty insurance. based on our 2019 earned premiums, our aggregate deductible under tripra during 2020 is approximately $993 million. in addition, the coverage provided under tripra does not apply to reinsurance that we write.
we are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which increases our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business.
we are subject to extensive governmental regulation and supervision in both the united states and foreign jurisdictions. most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of policyholders rather than stockholders and other investors. this system of regulation, generally administered in the united states by a department of insurance in each state in which we do business, relates to, among other things:
•   standards of solvency, including risk-based capital measurements;
•   restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments;
•   requirements pertaining to certain methods of accounting;
•   evaluating enterprise risk to an insurer;
•   rate and form regulation pertaining to certain of our insurance businesses;
•   potential assessments for the provision of funds necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain policies provided by impaired, insolvent or failed insurance companies; and
•   involvement in the payment or adjudication of catastrophe or other claims beyond the terms of the policies.
state insurance departments conduct periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies and require the filing of annual and other reports relating to the financial condition of insurance companies, holding company issues and other matters. our insurance business internationally is also generally subject to a similar regulatory scheme in each of the jurisdictions where we conduct operations outside the united states.
federal financial services modernization legislation and legislative and regulatory initiatives taken or which may be taken in response to conditions in the financial markets, global insurance supervision and other factors may lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years.
the dodd-frank act effected sweeping changes to financial services regulation in the united states. the dodd-frank act established the financial stability oversight council ("fsoc"), which is authorized to recommend that certain systemically significant non-bank financial companies, including insurance companies, be regulated by the board of governors of the federal reserve. the dodd-frank act also established a federal insurance office ("fio") which is authorized to study, monitor and report to congress on the u.s. insurance industry and the significance of global reinsurance to the u.s. insurance market. the fio also can recommend to the fsoc that it designate an insurer as an entity posing risks to the united states financial stability in the event of the insurer's material financial distress or failure. the potential impact of the dodd-frank act, as amended by the economic growth act, on the u.s. insurance business is not clear. our business could be affected by changes, whether as a result of the dodd-frank act or otherwise, to the u.s. system of insurance regulation or our designation or the designation of insurers or reinsurers with which we do business as systemically significant non-bank financial companies.
although state regulation is the primary form of regulation of insurance and reinsurance in the united states, in addition to the changes brought about by the dodd-frank act, congress has considered various proposals relating to the creation of an optional federal charter and repeal of the insurance company antitrust exemption from the mccarran-ferguson act. we may be subject to potentially increased federal oversight as a financial institution. in addition, the current administration and the volatile political environment may increase the chance of other federal legislative and regulatory changes that could affect us in ways we cannot predict.
with respect to international measures, solvency ii, the eu regime concerning the capital adequacy, risk management and regulatory reporting for insurers and reinsurers may affect our insurance businesses. implementation of solvency ii in eu member states occurred on january 1, 2016, and as the solvency ii regime evolves over time, we may be required to utilize a significant amount of resources to ensure compliance. in addition, despite the waiver of the solvency ii group capital requirements we received, solvency ii may have the effect of increasing the capital requirements of our eu domiciled insurers. additionally, our capital requirements and compliance requirements may be adversely affected if the eu commission does not deem the insurance regulatory regimes of the jurisdictions outside the eu in which we have insurance or reinsurance companies domiciled to be "equivalent" to solvency ii. if our compliance with solvency ii or any other regulatory regime is challenged, we may be subject to monetary or other penalties. in addition, in order to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory requirements or as a result of any investigation, including remediation efforts, we could be required to incur significant expenses and undertake additional work, which in turn may divert resources from our business.
we may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals and our business may not fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority's interpretation of the laws and regulations. also, some regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. if we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or monetarily penalize us. also, changes in the level of regulation of the insurance industry, whether federal, state or foreign, or changes in laws or regulations themselves or interpretations by regulatory authorities, may further restrict the conduct of our business.
risks relating to our business our international operations expose us to investment, political and economic risks, including foreign currency and credit risk.
our expanding international operations in the united kingdom, continental europe, south america, canada, mexico, scandinavia, the asia-pacific region, south africa and australia expose us to increased investment, political and economic risks, including foreign currency and credit risk. changes in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our investments in non-u.s.-denominated assets are subject to fluctuations in non-u.s. securities and currency markets, and those markets can be volatile. non-u.s. currency fluctuations also affect the value of any dividends paid by our non-u.s. subsidiaries to their parent companies in the u.s.
the united kingdom leaving the eu could adversely affect our business.
the 2016 u.k. referendum on its membership in the eu resulted in a majority of u.k. voters voting in favor of the u.k. leaving the eu ("brexit"). in accordance with the withdrawal agreement implementing brexit, the u.k. formally left the eu on january 31, 2020. the withdrawal agreement provides for a transitional period ending on december 31, 2020, during which time the u.k. will continue to enjoy the same rights and obligations as it had as a member state, though without participating in the eu institutions. during the transitional period, the u.k. and the eu are expected to negotiate a long-term agreement covering, among other things, the terms of trade between them, which will be based on the principles set out in the accompanying political declaration. however, eu officials and others have expressed skepticism that such a trade deal can be agreed in the time frame allowed. the u.k. government has stated that it will not seek to extend the transitional period. there is, therefore, a risk that at the end of 2020 no trade deal (or only a minimal trade deal) will have been completed, with the result that a "hard" brexit occurs on december 31, 2020.
depending on the terms of the long-term trade deal with the eu and/or whether or not a "hard" brexit occurs on december 31, 2020, the u.k. could lose access to the single eu market and to free trade deals with several countries that already have agreements with the eu.
such barriers to trade could affect the attractiveness of the u.k. and impact our u.k. business. we also face risks associated with the potential uncertainty and consequences related to brexit, including with respect to volatility in financial markets, exchange rates and interest rates. these uncertainties could increase the volatility of, or reduce, our investment results in particular periods or over time.  brexit could adversely affect european or worldwide political, regulatory, economic or market conditions and could contribute to instability in political institutions and regulatory agencies. brexit could also lead to legal uncertainty and differing laws and regulations between the u.k. and the eu. any of these potential effects, and others we cannot anticipate, could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel and qualified employees.
we depend on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, including our president and ceo, executive chairman, senior executive officers, presidents of our operating units, experienced underwriters and other skilled employees who are knowledgeable about our business. if the quality of our underwriting team and other personnel decreases, we may be unable to maintain our current competitive position in the specialized markets in which we operate, and be unable to expand our operations into new products and markets.
we cannot guarantee that our reinsurers will pay in a timely fashion, if at all, and, as a result, we could experience losses.
we purchase reinsurance by transferring part of the risk that we have assumed, known as ceding, to a reinsurance company in exchange for part of the premium we receive in connection with the risk. although reinsurance makes the reinsurer contractually liable to us to the extent the risk is transferred or ceded to the reinsurer, it does not relieve us, the reinsured, of our liability to our policyholders. our reinsurers may not pay the reinsurance recoverables that they owe to us or they may not pay such recoverables on a timely basis. accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers, and if our reinsurers fail to pay us, our financial results would be adversely affected. underwriting results and investment returns of some of our reinsurers may affect their future ability to pay claims. as of december 31, 2019, the amount due from our reinsurers was approximately $2,134 million, including amounts due from state funds and industry pools where it was intended that we would bear no risk. certain of these amounts are secured by letters of credit or by funds held in trust on our behalf.
we are subject to credit risk relating to our policyholders, independent agents and brokers.
in addition to exposure to credit risk related to our reinsurance recoverables and investment portfolio, we are exposed to credit risk in several other areas of our business, including credit risk relating to policyholders, independent agents and brokers. for example our policyholders, independent agents or brokers may not pay a part of or the full amount of premiums owed to us or our brokers or other third party claim administrators may not deliver amounts owed on claims under our insurance and reinsurance contracts for which we have provided funds.
as credit risk is generally a function of the economy, we face a greater credit risk in an economic downturn. while we attempt to manage credit risks through underwriting guidelines, collateral requirements and other oversight mechanisms, our efforts may not be successful. for example, to reduce such credit risk, we require certain third parties to post collateral for some or all of their obligations to us. in cases where we receive pledged securities and the applicable counterparty is unable to honor its obligations, we may be exposed to credit risk on the securities pledged and/or the risk that our access to that collateral may be stayed as a result of bankruptcy. in cases where we receive letters of credit from banks as collateral and one of our counterparties is unable to honor its obligations, we are exposed to the credit risk of the banks that issued the letters of credit.
we are rated by a.m. best, standard & poor's, moody's, and fitch, and a decline in these ratings could affect our standing in the insurance industry and cause our sales and earnings to decrease.
ratings have become an increasingly important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. certain of our insurance company subsidiaries are rated by a.m. best, standard & poor's, moody's and fitch. our ratings are subject to periodic review, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our current or any future ratings.
if our ratings are reduced from their current levels by a.m. best, standard & poor's, moody's or fitch, our competitive position in the insurance industry could suffer and it would be more difficult for us to market our products. a ratings downgrade could also adversely limit our access to capital markets, which may increase the cost of debt. a significant downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as policyholders move to other companies with higher financial strength ratings.
if market conditions cause reinsurance to be more costly or unavailable, we may be required to bear increased risks or reduce the level of our underwriting commitments.
as part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain amounts of risk underwritten by our insurance company subsidiaries, especially catastrophe risks and those risks with relatively high policy limits. we also purchase reinsurance on risks underwritten by others which we reinsure. market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection we seek to purchase, which may affect the level of our business and profitability. our reinsurance contracts are generally subject to annual renewal, and we may be unable to maintain our current reinsurance contracts or to obtain other reinsurance contracts in adequate amounts and at favorable rates. in addition, we may be unable to obtain reinsurance on terms acceptable to us relating to certain lines of business that we intend to begin writing. if we are unable to renew our expiring contracts or to obtain new reinsurance contracts, either our net exposures would increase or, if we are unwilling to bear an increase in net exposures, we would have to reduce the level of our underwriting commitments, especially catastrophe exposed risks.
depending on conditions in the financial markets and the general economy, we may be unable to raise debt or equity capital if needed.
if conditions in the financial markets and the general economy are unfavorable, which may result from disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets, we may be unable to access debt or equity capital on acceptable terms if needed, which could have a negative impact on our ability to invest in our insurance company subsidiaries and/or to take advantage of opportunities to expand our business, such as possible acquisitions and the creation of new ventures, and inhibit our ability to refinance our existing indebtedness if we desire to do so, on terms acceptable to us.
we may not find suitable acquisition candidates or new insurance ventures and even if we do, we may not successfully integrate any such acquired companies or successfully invest in such ventures.
as part of our present strategy, we continue to evaluate possible acquisition transactions and the start-up of complementary businesses on an ongoing basis, and at any given time we may be engaged in discussions with respect to possible acquisitions and new ventures. we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition targets or insurance ventures, that such transactions will be financed and completed on acceptable terms or that our future acquisitions or start-up ventures will be successful. the process of integrating any companies we do acquire or investing in new ventures may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
if we experience difficulties with our information technology, telecommunications or other computer systems, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively or severely impacted.
our business is highly dependent upon our employees' ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion. a shut-down of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other computer systems could significantly impair our employees' ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. in the event of a disaster such as a natural catastrophe, terrorist attack or industrial accident, or the infection of our systems by a malicious computer virus, our systems could be inaccessible for an extended period of time. in addition, because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials or failures of controls if demand for our service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. if our business continuity plans or system security does not sufficiently address such a business interruption, system failure or service denial, our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions could be significantly impaired and our business could be harmed.
failure to maintain the security of our networks and confidential data may expose us to liability.
our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. computer viruses, hackers, employee misconduct and other external hazards could expose our data systems to security breaches. our electronic transmission of personal, confidential and proprietary information to third parties with whom we have business relationships and our outsourcing of certain technology and business process functions to third parties may expose us to enhanced risk related to data security. while we attempt to develop secure data transmission capabilities with these third-party vendors and others with whom we do business, our vendors and third parties could still suffer data breaches that could result in the exposure of sensitive data and the infiltration of our computer systems. our failure to protect sensitive personal and our proprietary information, whether owing to breaches of our own systems or those of our vendors, could result in significant monetary and reputational damages. these increased risks, and expanding regulatory requirements regarding data security, could expose us to data loss, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. as a result, our ability to conduct our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we could be adversely affected if our controls to ensure compliance with guidelines, policies and legal and regulatory standards are not effective.
our business is highly dependent on our ability to engage on a daily basis in a large number of insurance underwriting, claim processing and investment activities, many of which are highly complex. these activities often are subject to internal guidelines and policies, as well as legal and regulatory standards, including those related to privacy, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and global finance and insurance matters. our continued expansion into new international markets has brought about additional requirements. a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. if our controls are not effective, it could lead to financial loss, unanticipated risk exposure (including underwriting, credit and investment risk) or damage to our reputation.
we could be adversely affected by recent and future changes in u.s. federal income tax laws.
tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act, which was signed into law on december 22, 2017, fundamentally overhauled the u.s. tax system by, among other significant changes, reducing the u.s. corporate income tax rate to 21%. in the context of the taxation of u.s. property/casualty insurance companies such as the company, the act also modifies the loss reserve discounting rules and the proration rules that apply to reduce reserve deductions to reflect the lower corporate income tax rate. it is possible that other legislation could be introduced and enacted by the current congress or future congresses that could have an adverse impact on us. new regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying provisions of the act may be forthcoming. we cannot predict if, when or in what form such regulations or pronouncements may be provided, whether such guidance will have a retroactive effect or their potential impact on us.
risks relating to our investments a significant amount of our assets is invested in fixed maturity securities and is subject to market fluctuations.
our investment portfolio consists substantially of fixed maturity securities. as of december 31, 2019, our investment in fixed maturity securities was approximately $14.2 billion, or 72.6% of our total investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents. as of that date, our portfolio of fixed maturity securities consisted of the following types of securities: u.s. government securities (5.5%); state and municipal securities (28.1%); corporate securities (29.2%); asset-backed securities (19.7%); mortgage-backed securities (11.5%) and foreign government (6.0%).
the fair value of these assets and the investment income from these assets fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. the fair value of fixed maturity securities generally decreases as interest rates rise. if significant inflation or an increase in interest rates were to occur, the fair value of our fixed maturity securities would be negatively impacted. conversely, if interest rates decline, investment income earned from future investments in fixed maturity securities will be lower. some fixed maturity securities, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, also carry prepayment risk as a result of interest rate fluctuations. additionally, given the low interest rate environment, we may not be able to successfully reinvest the proceeds from maturing securities at yields commensurate with our target performance goals.
the value of investments in fixed maturity securities is subject to impairment as a result of deterioration in the credit worthiness of the issuer, default by the issuer (including states and municipalities) in the performance of its obligations in respect of the securities and/or increases in market interest rates. to a large degree, the credit risk we face is a function of the economy; accordingly, we face a greater risk in an economic downturn or recession. during periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities, particularly if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the then current financial environment. in such cases, more securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment.
although the historical rates of default on state and municipal securities have been relatively low, our state and municipal fixed maturity securities could be subject to a higher risk of default or impairment due to declining municipal tax bases and revenue. many states and municipalities operate under deficits or projected deficits, the severity and duration of which could have an adverse impact on both the valuation of our state and municipal fixed maturity securities and the issuer's ability to perform its obligations thereunder. additionally, our investments are subject to losses as a result of a general decrease in commercial and economic activity for an industry sector in which we invest, as well as risks inherent in particular securities.
although we attempt to manage these risks through the use of investment guidelines and other oversight mechanisms and by diversifying our portfolio and emphasizing preservation of principal, our efforts may not be successful. impairments, defaults and/or rate increases could reduce our net investment income and net realized investment gains or result in investment losses. investment returns are currently, and will likely continue to remain, under pressure due to the continued low inflation, actions by the federal reserve, economic uncertainty, more generally, and the shape of the yield curve. as a result, our exposure to the risks described above could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
we have invested a portion of our assets in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets, which are subject to significant volatility and may decline in value.
we invest a portion of our investment portfolio in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets. at december 31, 2019, our investment in these assets was approximately $4.3 billion, or 22.1%, of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents.
merger and arbitrage trading securities were $400.8 million, or 2.1% of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2019. merger arbitrage involves investing in the securities of publicly held companies that are the targets in announced tender offers and mergers. merger arbitrage differs from other types of investments in its focus on transactions and events believed likely to bring about a change in value over a relatively short time period, usually four months or less. our merger arbitrage positions are exposed to the risk associated with the completion of announced deals, which are subject to regulatory as well as political and other risks.
real estate related investments, including directly owned, investment funds and loans receivable, were $2.6 billion, or 13.2% of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents, at december 31, 2019. we also invest in real estate, financial services, energy, transportation and other investment funds. the values of these investments are subject to fluctuation based on changes in the economy and interest rates in general and the related asset valuations in particular. in addition, our investments in real estate related assets and other alternative investments are less liquid than our other investments.
these investments are subject to significant volatility as a result of the conditions in the financial and commodity markets and the global economy.
risks relating to purchasing our securities we are an insurance holding company and, therefore, may not be able to receive dividends in needed amounts.
as an insurance holding company, our principal assets are the shares of capital stock of our insurance company subsidiaries. we have to rely on dividends from our insurance company subsidiaries to meet our obligations for paying principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, paying dividends to stockholders and repurchasing our shares and paying corporate expenses. the payment of dividends by our insurance company subsidiaries is subject to regulatory restrictions and will depend on the surplus and future earnings of these subsidiaries. during 2020, the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid without regulatory approval is approximately $601 million. as a result, in the future we may not be able to receive dividends from these subsidiaries at times and in amounts necessary to meet our obligations, pay dividends or repurchase shares.
laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business could delay, deter or prevent an attempt to acquire control of us that stockholders might consider to be desirable, and may restrict a stockholder's ability to purchase our common stock.
generally, united states insurance holding company laws require that, before a person can acquire control of an insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance regulatory authorities in the state in which that insurance company is domiciled. pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, "control" over an insurer is generally presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10% or more of the voting securities of that insurer or any parent company of such insurer. indirect ownership includes ownership of the shares of our common stock. thus, the insurance regulatory authorities of the states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled are likely to apply these restrictions on acquisition of control to any proposed acquisition of our common stock. some states require a person seeking to acquire control of an insurer licensed but not domiciled in that state to make a filing prior to completing an acquisition if the acquirer and its affiliates, on the one hand, and the target insurer and its affiliates, on the other hand, have specified market shares in the same lines of insurance in that state. additionally, many foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business impose similar restrictions and requirements.
these provisions can also lead to the imposition of conditions on an acquisition that could delay or prevent its consummation. these laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us through transactions, and in particular unsolicited transactions, that some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable.
certain provisions in our organizational documents may have the effect of hindering, delaying or preventing third party takeovers and thus may prevent our stockholders from receiving premium prices for their shares in an unsolicited takeover or make it more difficult for third parties to replace our current management.
provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws, as well as state insurance statutes, may hinder, delay or prevent unsolicited acquisitions or changes of our control. these provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our current management without the concurrence of our board of directors.
these provisions include:
•   our classified board of directors and the ability of our board to increase its size and to appoint directors to fill newly created directorships;
•   the requirement that 80% of our stockholders must approve mergers and other transactions between us and the holder of 5% or more of our shares, unless the transaction was approved by our board of directors prior to such holder's acquisition of 5% of our shares; and
•   the need for advance notice in order to raise business or make nominations at stockholders' meetings.
these provisions may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us through transactions, and in particular unsolicited transactions, that some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview w. r. berkley corporation is an insurance holding company that is among the largest commercial lines writers in the united states and operates worldwide in two business segments of the property and casualty business: insurance and reinsurance & monoline excess. our decentralized structure provides us with the flexibility to respond quickly and efficiently to local or specific market conditions and to pursue specialty business niches. it also allows us to be closer to our customers in order to better understand their individual needs and risk characteristics. while providing our business units with certain operating autonomy, our structure allows us to capitalize on the benefits of economies of scale through centralized capital, investment, reinsurance and enterprise risk management, and actuarial, financial and corporate legal staff support. the company's primary sources of revenues and earnings are its insurance operations and its investments.
an important part of our strategy is to form new operating units to capitalize on various business opportunities. over the years, the company has formed numerous new operating units that are focused on important parts of the economy in the u.s., including healthcare, cyber security, energy and agriculture, and on growing international markets, including the asia-pacific region, south america and mexico.
the profitability of the company's insurance business is affected primarily by the adequacy of premium rates. the ultimate adequacy of premium rates is not known with certainty at the time an insurance policy is issued because premiums are determined before claims are reported. the ultimate adequacy of premium rates is affected mainly by the severity and frequency of claims, which are influenced by many factors, including natural and other disasters, regulatory measures and court decisions that define and change the extent of coverage and the effects of economic or social inflation on the amount of compensation for injuries or losses. general insurance prices are also influenced by available insurance capacity, i.e., the level of capital employed in the industry, and the industry's willingness to deploy that capital.
the company's profitability is also affected by its investment income and investment gains. the company's invested assets are invested principally in fixed maturity securities. the return on fixed maturity securities is affected primarily by general interest rates, as well as the credit quality and duration of the securities. returns available on fixed maturity investments have been at low levels for an extended period.
the company also invests in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets. the company's investments in investment funds and its other alternative investments have experienced, and the company expects to continue to experience, greater fluctuations in investment income.
on april 2, 2019, a 3-for-2 common stock split was paid in the form of a stock dividend to holders of record as of march 14, 2019. shares outstanding and per share amounts in this form 10-k reflect this 3-for-2 common stock split effected on april 2, 2019.
commencing with the first quarter of 2019, the company renamed the reinsurance segment to reinsurance & monoline excess, and reclassified the monoline excess business from the insurance segment. the reclassified business includes operations that solely retain risk on an excess basis. reclassifications have been made to the company's prior periods financial information in this form 10-k to conform with this presentation.
critical accounting estimates the following presents a discussion of accounting policies and estimates relating to reserves for losses and loss expenses, assumed reinsurance premiums and other-than-temporary impairments of investments. management believes these policies and estimates are the most critical to its operations and require the most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
reserves for losses and loss expenses. to recognize liabilities for unpaid losses, either known or unknown, insurers establish reserves, which is a balance sheet account representing estimates of future amounts needed to pay claims and related expenses with respect to insured events which have occurred. estimates and assumptions relating to reserves for losses and loss expenses are based on complex and subjective judgments, often including the interplay of specific uncertainties with related accounting and actuarial measurements. such estimates are also susceptible to change as significant periods of time may elapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the report of the loss to the insurer, the ultimate determination of the cost of the loss and the insurer's payment of that loss.
in general, when a claim is reported, claims personnel establish a "case reserve" for the estimated amount of the ultimate payment based upon known information about the claim at that time. the estimate represents an informed judgment based on general reserving practices and reflects the experience and knowledge of the claims personnel regarding the nature and value of the specific type of claim. reserves are also established on an aggregate basis to provide for losses incurred but not reported ("ibnr") to the insurer, potential inadequacy of case reserves and the estimated expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and general expenses of administrating the claims adjustment process. reserves are established based upon the then current legal interpretation of coverage provided.
in examining reserve adequacy, several factors are considered in estimating the ultimate economic value of losses. these factors include, among other things, historical data, legal developments, changes in social attitudes and economic conditions, including the effects of inflation. the actuarial process relies on the basic assumption that past experience, adjusted judgmentally for the effects of current developments and anticipated trends, is an appropriate basis for predicting future outcomes. reserve amounts are based on management's informed estimates and judgments using currently available data. as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, these estimates and judgments may be revised. this may result in reserve increases or decreases that would be reflected in our results in periods in which such estimates and assumptions are changed.
reserves do not represent a certain calculation of liability. rather, reserves represent an estimate of what management expects the ultimate settlement and claim administration will cost. while the methods for establishing reserves are well tested over time, the major assumptions about anticipated loss emergence patterns are subject to uncertainty. these estimates, which generally involve actuarial projections, are based on management's assessment of facts and circumstances then known, as well as estimates of trends in claims severity and frequency, judicial theories of liability and other factors, including the actions of third parties which are beyond the company's control. these variables are affected by external and internal events, such as inflation and economic volatility, judicial and litigation trends, reinsurance coverage, legislative changes and claim handling and reserving practices, which make it more difficult to accurately predict claim costs. the inherent uncertainties of estimating reserves are greater for certain types of liabilities where long periods of time elapse before a definitive determination of liability is made. because setting reserves is inherently uncertain, the company cannot provide assurance that its current reserves will prove adequate in light of subsequent events.
loss reserves included in the company's financial statements represent management's best estimates based upon an actuarially derived point estimate and other considerations. the company uses a variety of actuarial techniques and methods to derive an actuarial point estimate for each operating unit. these methods include paid loss development, incurred loss development, paid and incurred bornhuetter-ferguson methods and frequency and severity methods. in circumstances where one actuarial method is considered more credible than the others, that method is used to set the point estimate. for example, the paid loss and incurred loss development methods rely on historical paid and incurred loss data. for new lines of business, where there is insufficient history of paid and incurred claims data, or in circumstances where there have been significant changes in claim practices, the paid and incurred loss development methods would be less credible than other actuarial methods. the actuarial point estimate may also be based on a judgmental weighting of estimates produced from each of the methods considered. industry loss experience is used to supplement the company's own data in selecting "tail factors" and in areas where the company's own data is limited. the actuarial data is analyzed by line of business, coverage and accident or policy year, as appropriate, for each operating unit.
the establishment of the actuarially derived loss reserve point estimate also includes consideration of qualitative factors that may affect the ultimate losses. these qualitative considerations include, among others, the impact of re-underwriting initiatives, changes in the mix of business, changes in distribution sources and changes in policy terms and conditions. examples of changes in terms and conditions that can have a significant impact on reserve levels are the use of aggregate policy limits, the expansion of coverage exclusions, whether or not defense costs are within policy limits, and changes in deductibles and attachment points.
the key assumptions used to arrive at the best estimate of loss reserves are the expected loss ratios, rate of loss cost inflation, and reported and paid loss emergence patterns. expected loss ratios represent management's expectation of losses at the time the business is priced and written, before any actual claims experience has emerged. this expectation is a significant determinant of the estimate of loss reserves for recently written business where there is little paid or incurred loss data to consider. expected loss ratios are generally derived from historical loss ratios adjusted for the impact of rate changes, loss cost trends and known changes in the type of risks underwritten. expected loss ratios are estimated for each key line of business within each operating unit. expected loss cost inflation is particularly important for the long-tail lines, such as excess casualty, and claims with a high medical component, such as workers' compensation. reported and paid loss emergence patterns are used to project current reported or paid loss amounts to their ultimate settlement value. loss development factors are based on the historical emergence patterns of paid and incurred losses, and are derived from the company's own experience and industry data. the paid loss emergence pattern is also significant to excess and assumed workers' compensation reserves because those reserves are discounted to their estimated present value based upon such estimated payout patterns. management believes the estimates and assumptions it makes in the reserving process provide the best estimate of the ultimate cost of settling claims and related expenses with respect to insured events which have occurred; however, different assumptions and variables could lead to significantly different reserve estimates.
loss frequency and severity are measures of loss activity that are considered in determining the key assumptions described in our discussion of loss and loss expense reserves, including expected loss ratios, rate of loss cost inflation and reported and paid loss emergence patterns. loss frequency is a measure of the number of claims per unit of insured exposure, and loss severity is a measure of the average size of claims. factors affecting loss frequency include the effectiveness of loss controls and safety programs and changes in economic activity or weather patterns. factors affecting loss severity include changes in policy limits, retentions, rate of inflation and judicial interpretations.
another factor affecting estimates of loss frequency and severity is the loss reporting lag, which is the period of time between the occurrence of a loss and the date the loss is reported to the company. the length of the loss reporting lag affects our ability to accurately predict loss frequency (loss frequencies are more predictable for lines with short reporting lags) as well as the amount of reserves needed for incurred but not reported losses (less ibnr is required for lines with short reporting lags). as a result, loss reserves for lines with short reporting lags are likely to have less variation from initial loss estimates. for lines with short reporting lags, which include commercial automobile, primary workers' compensation, other liability (claims-made) and property business, the key assumption is the loss emergence pattern used to project ultimate loss estimates from known losses paid or reported to date. for lines of business with long reporting lags, which include other liability (occurrence), products liability, excess workers' compensation and liability reinsurance, the key assumption is the expected loss ratio since there is often little paid or incurred loss data to consider. historically, the company has experienced less variation from its initial loss estimates for lines of businesses with short reporting lags than for lines of business with long reporting lags.
the key assumptions used in calculating the most recent estimate of the loss reserves are reviewed each quarter and adjusted, to the extent necessary, to reflect the latest reported loss data, current trends and other factors observed. if the actual level of loss frequency and severity are higher or lower than expected, the ultimate losses will be different than management's estimate. the following table reflects the impact of changes (which could be favorable or unfavorable) in frequency and severity, relative to our assumptions, on our loss estimate for claims occurring in 2019:
(in thousands)                                             frequency (+/-)
severity (+/-)              1%                    5%                   10%
1%     $81,566              $245,508              $450,437
5%     245,508               415,944               628,988
10%     450,437               628,988               852,178
our net reserves for losses and loss expenses of approximately $10.7 billion as of december 31, 2019 relate to multiple accident years. therefore, the impact of changes in frequency or severity for more than one accident year could be higher or lower than the amounts reflected above. the impact of such changes would likely be manifested gradually over the course of many years, as the magnitude of the changes became evident.
approximately $2.5 billion, or 23%, of the company's net loss reserves as of december 31, 2019 relate to the reinsurance & monoline excess segment. there is a higher degree of uncertainty and greater variability regarding estimates of excess workers' compensation and assumed reinsurance loss reserves. in the case of excess workers' compensation, our policies generally attach at $1 million or higher. the claims which reach our layer therefore tend to involve the most serious injuries and many remain open for the lifetime of the claimant, which extends the claim settlement tail. these claims also occur less frequently but tend to be larger than primary claims, which increases claim variability. in the case of assumed reinsurance our loss reserve estimates are based, in part, upon information received from ceding companies. if information received from ceding companies is not timely or correct, the company's estimate of ultimate losses may not be accurate. furthermore, due to delayed reporting of claim information by ceding companies, the claim settlement tail for assumed reinsurance is also extended. management considers the impact of delayed reporting and the extended tail in its selection of loss development factors for these lines of business.
information received from ceding companies is used to set initial expected loss ratios, to establish case reserves and to estimate reserves for incurred but not reported losses on assumed reinsurance business. this information, which is generally provided through reinsurance intermediaries, is gathered through the underwriting process and from periodic claim reports and other correspondence with ceding companies. the company performs underwriting and claim audits of selected ceding companies to determine the accuracy and completeness of information provided to the company. the information received from the ceding companies is supplemented by the company's own loss development experience with similar lines of business as well as industry loss trends and loss development benchmarks.
following is a summary of the company's reserves for losses and loss expenses by business segment as of december 31, 2019 and 2018:
(in thousands)                                             2019   2018
insurance                                        $8,193,381              $7,727,447
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess                 2,504,617               2,521,436
net reserves for losses and loss expenses        10,697,998              10,248,883
ceded reserves for losses and loss expenses       1,885,251               1,717,565
gross reserves for losses and loss expenses     $12,583,249             $11,966,448
following is a summary of the company's net reserves for losses and loss expenses by major line of business as of december 31, 2019 and 2018:
(in thousands)                                    reported casereserves         incurred butnot reported               total december 31, 2019
other liability                                    $1,421,378                      $2,522,957                 $3,944,335
workers' compensation (1)                             918,619                         964,102                  1,882,721
professional liability                                399,411                         713,433                  1,112,844
commercial automobile                                 412,036                         300,339                    712,375
short-tail lines (2)                                  271,192                         269,914                    541,106
total insurance                                     3,422,636                       4,770,745                  8,193,381
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess (1)               1,469,363                       1,035,254                  2,504,617
total                                              $4,891,999                      $5,805,999                $10,697,998
december 31, 2018
other liability                                    $1,307,068                      $2,329,659                 $3,636,727
workers' compensation (1)                             962,664                         955,711                  1,918,375
professional liability                                306,018                         659,596                    965,614
commercial automobile                                 365,253                         290,217                    655,470
short-tail lines (2)                                  294,122                         257,139                    551,261
total insurance                                     3,235,125                       4,492,322                  7,727,447
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess (1) (3)           1,479,604                       1,041,832                  2,521,436
total                                              $4,714,729                      $5,534,154                $10,248,883
____________________
(1)   reserves for excess and assumed workers' compensation business are net of an aggregate net discount of $530 million and $563 million as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(2)   short-tail lines include commercial multi-peril (non-liability), inland marine, accident and health, fidelity and surety, boiler and machinery and other lines.
(3)   reinsurance &amp; monoline excess includes property and casualty reinsurance as well as operations that solely retain risk on an excess basis.
the company evaluates reserves for losses and loss expenses on a quarterly basis. changes in estimates of prior year losses are reported when such changes are made. the changes in prior year loss reserve estimates are generally the result of ongoing analysis of recent loss development trends. original estimates are increased or decreased as additional information becomes known regarding individual claims and aggregate claim trends.
certain of the company's insurance and reinsurance contracts are retrospectively rated, whereby the company collects more or less premiums based on the level of loss activity. for those contracts, changes in loss and loss expenses for prior years may be fully or partially offset by additional or return premiums.
net prior year development (i.e, the sum of prior year reserve changes and prior year earned premiums changes) for each of the last three years ended december 31, are as follows:
(in thousands)                                               2019   2018                2017
(increase) decrease in prior year loss reserves      $(34,079   )         $(6,831   )          $5,165
increase in prior year earned premiums                 53,511              45,638              32,162
net favorable prior year development                  $19,432             $38,807             $37,327
favorable prior year development (net of additional and return premiums) was $19 million in 2019.
insurance - reserves for the insurance segment developed favorably by $21 million in 2019 (net of additional and return premiums). this overall favorable development resulted from more significant favorable development on workers' compensation business, which was largely offset by unfavorable development on professional liability and general liability business.
for workers' compensation, the favorable development was spread across many accident years, including prior to 2010, but was most significant in accident years 2014 through 2018, and particularly 2017 and 2018. the favorable workers' compensation development reflects a continuation during 2019 of the benign loss cost trends experienced during recent years, particularly the favorable claim frequency trends (i.e., number of reported claims per unit of exposure). the long term trend of declining workers' compensation frequency can be attributable to improved workplace safety. loss severity trends were also aided by our continued investment in claims handling initiatives such as medical case management services and vendor savings through usage of preferred provider networks and pharmacy benefit managers. our initial loss ratio "picks" for this line of business over the past few accident years have contemplated an increase in loss cost trends and reflect decreasing premium rates in the marketplace; reported workers' compensation losses in 2019 continued to be below our expectations at most of our operating units, and were below the assumptions underlying our initial loss ratio picks and our previous reserve estimates.
for professional liability business, the unfavorable development was driven mainly by an increase in the number of large losses reported in the lawyers professional liability and directors and officers ("d&o") liability lines of business. many of the lawyers large losses involved claims made against insured law firms relating to work performed on matters stemming from the 2008 financial crisis. these claims affected mainly accident years 2013 through 2016. in addition, for both of these lines of business, we have seen evidence of social inflation in the form of higher jury awards on cases which go to trial, and corresponding higher demands from plaintiffs and higher values required to reach settlement on cases which do not go to trial. the unfavorable development for d&o affected mainly accident years 2014 through 2017.
for general liability business, most of the unfavorable development emanated from our excess and surplus lines (e&s) businesses, and was driven by an increase in the number of large losses reported. many of these large losses were from construction and contracting classes of business, which have also been impacted by social inflation. the general liability unfavorable development impacted mainly accident years 2015 through 2018.
reinsurance & monoline excess - reserves for the reinsurance & monoline excess segment developed unfavorably by $2 million in 2019. the unfavorable development in the segment was driven by non-proportional assumed liability business in both the u.s. and u.k., and was largely offset by favorable development on excess workers' compensation business. the unfavorable non-proportional assumed liability development was concentrated in accident years 2015 through 2018, and included an adjustment for the ogden discount rate in the u.k.
favorable prior year development (net of additional and return premiums) was $39 million in 2018.
insurance - reserves for the insurance segment developed favorably by $19 million in 2018. the favorable development was primarily attributable to workers' compensation business, and was partially offset by unfavorable development for professional liability business.
for workers' compensation, the favorable development was spread across many accident years, but was most significant in accident years 2015 through 2017. the favorable workers' compensation development reflects a continuation during 2018 of the benign loss cost trends experienced during recent years, particularly the favorable claim frequency trends (i.e., number of reported claims per unit of exposure). the long term trend of declining workers' compensation frequency can be attributable to improved workplace safety. loss severity trends were also aided by our continued investment in claims handling initiatives such as medical case management services and vendor savings through usage of preferred provider networks. reported workers' compensation losses in 2018 continued to be below our expectations at most of our operating units, and were below the assumptions underlying our previous reserve estimates.
for professional liability business, adverse development was primarily related to unexpected large directors and officers ("d&o") liability losses at one of our u.s. operating units, as well as lawyers professional liability losses at another operating unit. the adverse development stemmed primarily from accident years 2015 and 2016, and was driven by a higher frequency of large losses than we had experienced in previous years.
reinsurance & monoline excess - reserves for the reinsurance & monoline excess segment developed favorably by $20 million in 2018. the favorable development was primarily due to excess workers' compensation business, and was spread across many accident years, including years prior to 2009. this favorable excess workers' compensation development was partially offset by unfavorable development on u.s. casualty facultative assumed business from accident years 2009 and prior related to construction projects.
favorable prior year development (net of additional and return premiums) was $37 million in 2017.
insurance - reserves for the insurance segment developed favorably by $30 million in 2017. the favorable development was primarily attributable to workers' compensation business, and was partially offset by unfavorable development for professional liability business.
for workers' compensation, the favorable development was spread across many accident years but was most significant in accident years 2014 through 2016. the favorable workers' compensation development reflects a continuation during 2017 of the benign loss cost trends experienced in recent years, particularly the favorable claim frequency trends (i.e., number of reported claims per unit of exposure). reported workers' compensation losses in 2017 continued to be below our expectations at most of our operating units, and were below the assumptions underlying our previous reserve estimates. the favorable severity trends were also impacted by our continued investment in medical case management services and the higher usage of preferred provider networks. the long term trend of declining workers' compensation frequency can be attributed to improved workplace safety.
for professional liability business, adverse development was primarily related to unexpected large directors and officers ("d&o") liability losses at one of our u.s. operating units, and large professional indemnity and d&o losses in the u.k. the adverse development stemmed mainly from accident years 2013 through 2016 in the u.s. and 2011 through 2016 in the u.k.
reinsurance & monoline excess - reserves for the reinsurance & monoline excess segment developed favorably by $7 million in 2017. this favorable development was primarily due to excess workers' compensation business, and was spread across many accident years, including years prior to 2008. the favorable excess workers' compensation development resulted due to the same causes discussed above for workers' compensation in the insurance segment.
the favorable excess workers' compensation development was largely offset by adverse development on u.k. assumed casualty reinsurance, as well as on u.s. facultative casualty excess of loss business. the adverse development on the u.k. casualty reinsurance was due to reserve strengthening associated with claims impacted by the change in the ogden discount rate in the u.k. the ogden rate is the discount rate used to calculate lump-sum bodily injury payouts in the u.k., and was reduced by the u.k. ministry of justice from +2.5% to -0.75%; the adverse development mostly related to u.k. motor bodily injury claims which we reinsured on an excess of loss basis in accident years 2012 through 2016. the adverse development on u.s. facultative casualty business was due to construction related risks in accident years 2008 and prior.
reserve discount. the company discounts its liabilities for certain workers' compensation reserves. the amount of workers' compensation reserves that were discounted was $1,731 million and $1,793 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the aggregate net discount for those reserves, after reflecting the effects of ceded reinsurance, was $530 million and $563 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. at december 31, 2019, discount rates by year ranged from 2.0% to 6.5%, with a weighted average discount rate of 3.7%.
substantially all discounted workers' compensation reserves (97% of total discounted reserves at december 31, 2019) are excess workers' compensation reserves. in order to properly match loss expenses with income earned on investment securities supporting the liabilities, reserves for excess workers' compensation business are discounted using risk-free discount rates determined by reference to the u.s. treasury yield curve. these rates are determined annually based on the weighted average rate for the period. once established, no adjustments are made to the discount rate for that period, and any increases or decreases in loss reserves in subsequent years are discounted at the same rate, without regard to when any such adjustments are recognized. the expected loss and loss expense payout patterns subject to discounting are derived from the company's loss payout experience.
the company also discounts reserves for certain other long-duration workers' compensation reserves (representing approximately 3% of total discounted reserves at december 31, 2019), including reserves for quota share reinsurance and reserves related to losses regarding occupational lung disease. these reserves are discounted at statutory rates prescribed or permitted by the department of insurance of the state of delaware.
assumed reinsurance premiums. the company estimates the amount of assumed reinsurance premiums that it will receive under treaty reinsurance agreements at the inception of the contracts. these premium estimates are revised as the actual amount of assumed premiums is reported to the company by the ceding companies. as estimates of assumed premiums are made or revised, the related amount of earned premiums, commissions and incurred losses associated with those premiums are recorded. estimated assumed premiums receivable were approximately $43 million and $41 million at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the assumed premium estimates are based upon terms set forth in reinsurance agreements, information received from ceding companies during the underwriting and negotiation of agreements, reports received from ceding companies and discussions and correspondence with reinsurance intermediaries. the company also considers its own view of market conditions, economic trends and experience with similar lines of business. these premium estimates represent management's best estimate of the ultimate amount of premiums to be received under its assumed reinsurance agreements.
other-than-temporary impairments (otti) of investments. the cost of securities is adjusted where appropriate to include a provision for decline in value which is considered to be other-than-temporary. an other-than-temporary decline is considered to occur in investments where there has been a sustained reduction in fair value and where the company does not expect the fair value to recover prior to the time of sale or maturity.
the company classifies its fixed maturity securities by credit rating, primarily based on ratings assigned by credit rating agencies. for purposes of classifying securities with different ratings, the company uses the average of the credit ratings assigned, unless in limited situations the company's own analysis indicates an internal rating is more appropriate. securities that are not rated by a rating agency are evaluated and classified by the company on a case-by-case basis.
fixed maturity securities - for securities that we intend to sell or, more likely than not, would be required to sell, a decline in value below amortized cost is considered to be otti. the amount of otti is equal to the difference between amortized cost and fair value at the balance sheet date. for securities that we do not intend to sell or expect to be required to sell, a decline in value below amortized cost is considered to be an otti if we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of a security (i.e., the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis of the security).
the portion of the decline in value considered to be a credit loss (i.e., the difference between the present value of cash flows expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis of the security) is recognized in earnings. the portion of the decline in value not considered to be a credit loss (i.e., the difference in the present value of cash flows expected to be collected and the fair value of the security) is recognized in other comprehensive income.
impairment assessments for structured securities, including mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations and corporate debt, are generally evaluated based on the performance of the underlying collateral under various economic and default scenarios that may involve subjective judgments and estimates by management. modeling these securities involves various factors, such as projected default rates, the nature and realizable value of the collateral, if any, the ability of the issuer to make scheduled payments, historical performance and other relevant economic and performance factors. if an otti determination is made, a discounted cash flow analysis is used to ascertain the amount of the credit impairment.
the following table provides a summary of fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position as of december 31, 2019:
($ in thousands)                                         number ofsecurities        aggregatefair value       unrealizedloss unrealized loss less than 20% of amortized cost              480                    $3,259,888                $41,541
unrealized loss of 20% or greater of amortized cost:
less than twelve months                                       16                        21,171                 32,311
twelve months and longer                                      13                        60,173                 62,534
total                                                        509                    $3,341,232               $136,386
a summary of the company's non-investment grade fixed maturity securities that were in an unrealized loss position at december 31, 2019 is presented in the table below.
($ in thousands)               number ofsecurities            aggregatefair value           unrealizedloss foreign government                  21                           $79,747                    $92,369
corporate                           14                            65,710                      4,319
asset-backed securities              5                               437                        113
mortgage-backed securities           5                               954                         17
total                               45                          $146,848                    $96,818
the company has evaluated its fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position and believes the unrealized loss is due primarily to temporary market and sector-related factors rather than to issuer-specific factors. none of these securities are delinquent or in default under financial covenants. based on its assessment of these issuers, the company expects them to continue to meet their contractual payment obligations as they become due and does not consider any of these securities to be otti. for the year ended december 31, 2019, there were no otti for fixed maturity securities recognized in earnings. for the year ended december 31, 2018, there were $6 million of otti recognized on fixed maturity securities.
loans receivable - the company monitors the performance of its loans receivable, including current market conditions for each loan and the ability to collect principal and interest. for loans where the company determines it is probable that the contractual terms will not be met, an analysis is performed and a valuation reserve is established, if necessary, with a charge to earnings. loans receivable are reported net of a valuation reserve of $2 million for december 31, 2019 and $3 million for december 31, 2018.
the company monitors the performance of its loans receivable and assesses the ability of each borrower to pay principal and interest based upon loan structure, underlying property values, cash flow and related financial and operating performance of the property and market conditions. loans receivable with a potential for default are further assessed using discounted cash flow analysis and comparable cost and sales methodologies, if appropriate.
fair value measurements. the company's fixed maturity available for sale securities, equity securities, and its trading account securities are carried at fair value. fair value is defined as "the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date". the company utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for similar assets in active markets. level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. unobservable inputs may only be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available. the fair value of the vast majority of the company's portfolio is based on observable data (other than quoted prices) and, accordingly, is classified as level 2.
in classifying particular financial securities in the fair value hierarchy, the company uses its judgment to determine whether the market for a security is active and whether significant pricing inputs are observable. the company determines the existence of an active market by assessing whether transactions occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide reliable pricing information. the company determines whether inputs are observable based on the use of such information by pricing services and external investment managers, the uninterrupted availability of such inputs, the need to make significant adjustments to such inputs and the volatility of such inputs over time. if the market for a security is determined to be inactive or if significant inputs used to price a security are determined to be unobservable, the security is categorized in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
because many fixed maturity securities do not trade on a daily basis, the company utilizes pricing models and processes which may include benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing. market inputs used to evaluate securities include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data. quoted prices are often unavailable for recently issued securities that are infrequently traded or securities that are only traded in private transactions. for publicly traded securities for which quoted prices are unavailable, the company determines fair value based on independent broker quotations and other observable market data. for securities traded only in private negotiations, the company determines fair value based primarily on the cost of such securities, which is adjusted to reflect prices of recent placements of securities of the same issuer, financial data, projections and business developments of the issuer and other relevant information.
the following is a summary of pricing sources for the company's fixed maturity securities available for sale as of december 31, 2019:
(in thousands)                             carryingvalue          percentof total pricing source:
independent pricing services          $13,812,689                  98.0         %
syndicate manager                          33,716                   0.2
directly by the company based on:
observable data                           255,873                   1.8
total                                 $14,102,278                 100.0         %
independent pricing services - substantially all of the company's fixed maturity securities available for sale were priced by independent pricing services (generally one u.s. pricing service plus additional pricing services with respect to a limited number of foreign securities held by the company). the prices provided by the independent pricing services are generally based on observable market data in active markets (e.g., broker quotes and prices observed for comparable securities). the determination of whether markets are active or inactive is based upon the volume and level of activity for a particular asset class. the company reviews the prices provided by pricing services for reasonableness based upon current trading levels for similar securities. if the prices appear unusual to the company, they are re-examined and the value is either confirmed or revised. in addition, the company periodically performs independent price tests of a sample of securities to ensure proper valuation and to verify our understanding of how securities are priced. as of december 31, 2019, the company did not make any adjustments to the prices provided by the pricing services. based upon the company's review of the methodologies used by the independent pricing services, these securities were classified as level 2.
syndicate manager - the company has a 15% participation in a lloyd's syndicate, and the company's share of the securities owned by the syndicate is priced by the syndicate's manager. the majority of the securities are liquid, short duration fixed maturity securities. the company reviews the syndicate manager's pricing methodology and audited financial statements and holds discussions with the syndicate manager as necessary to confirm its understanding and agreement with security prices. based upon the company's review of the methodologies used by the syndicate manager, these securities were classified as level 2.
observable data - if independent pricing is not available, the company prices the securities directly. prices are based on observable market data where available, including current trading levels for similar securities and non-binding quotations from brokers. the company generally requests two or more quotes. if more than one quote is received, the company sets a price within the range of quotes received based on its assessment of the credibility of the quote and its own evaluation of the security. the company generally does not adjust quotes obtained from brokers. since these securities were priced based on observable data, they were classified as level 2.
cash flow model - if the above methodologies are not available, the company prices securities using a discounted cash flow model based upon assumptions as to prevailing credit spreads, interest rates and interest rate volatility, time to maturity and subordination levels. discount rates are adjusted to reflect illiquidity where appropriate. these securities were classified as level 3.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018
business segment results following is a summary of gross and net premiums written, net premiums earned, loss ratios (losses and loss expenses incurred expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned), expense ratios (underwriting expenses expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned) and gaap combined ratios (sum of loss ratio and expense ratio) for each of our business segments for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. the gaap combined ratio represents a measure of underwriting profitability, excluding investment income. a gaap combined ratio in excess of 100 indicates an underwriting loss; a number below 100 indicates an underwriting profit.
(in thousands)                                   2019                    2018
insurance gross premiums written                 $7,398,573              $6,980,202
net premiums written                    6,086,009               5,791,905
net premiums earned                     5,919,819               5,702,073
loss ratio                                   62.4   %                62.5   %
expense ratio                                31.1                    32.6
gaap combined ratio                          93.5                    95.1
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess gross premiums written                   $863,646                $722,292
net premiums written                      777,490                 641,322
net premiums earned                       713,469                 669,432
loss ratio                                   61.5   %                61.0   %
expense ratio                                35.0                    35.8
gaap combined ratio                          96.5                    96.8
consolidated gross premiums written                 $8,262,219              $7,702,494
net premiums written                    6,863,499               6,433,227
net premiums earned                     6,633,288               6,371,505
loss ratio                                   62.3   %                62.4   %
expense ratio                                31.5                    32.9
gaap combined ratio                          93.8                    95.3
net income to common stockholders. the following table presents the company's net income to common stockholders and net income per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
(in thousands, except per share data)              2019   2018
net income to common stockholders          $681,944              $640,749
weighted average diluted shares             193,521               192,395
net income per diluted share                  $3.52                 $3.33
the company reported net income of $682 million in 2019 compared to $641 million in 2018. the 6% increase in net income was primarily due to an after-tax increase in underwriting income of $91 million, an increase in income from minority interest of $6 million, an after-tax decrease in interest expense of $3 million, a $3 million increase in after-tax foreign currency gains, a $2 million decrease in tax expense, and an after-tax increase in other income of $2 million, partially offset by a decrease in after-tax net investment gains of $27 million, an after-tax decrease in net investment income of $23 million mainly driven by investment funds, an after-tax increase in corporate expenses of $6 million, an after-tax reduction in insurance service fee income of $6 million, and an after-tax decrease in income from non-insurance businesses of $4 million. the number of weighted average diluted shares slightly increased due to shares granted through an equity compensation based plan.
premiums. gross premiums written were $8,262 million in 2019, an increase of 7% from $7,702 million in 2018. the increase was due to the growth in the insurance segment of $418 million and $142 million in the reinsurance & monoline excess segment. approximately 79% of policies expiring in 2019 were renewed, and 78% of policies expiring in 2018 were renewed.
average renewal premium rates for insurance and facultative reinsurance increased 4.8% in 2019 and 2.5% in 2018, when adjusted for changes in exposures. average renewal premium rates for insurance and facultative reinsurance excluding workers' compensation increased 6.9% in 2019 and 4.0% in 2018, when adjusted for changes in exposures.
a summary of gross premiums written in 2019 compared with 2018 by line of business within each business segment follows:
•   insurance gross premiums increased 6% to $7,398 million in 2019 from $6,980 million in 2018. gross premiums increased $250 million (11%) for other liability, $146 million (17%) for professional liability, $96 million (6%) for short-tail lines and $50 million (6%) for commercial auto, and decreased $124 million (9%) for workers' compensation.
•   reinsurance &amp; monoline excess gross premiums increased 20% to $864 million in 2019 from $722 million in 2018. gross premiums written increased $99 million (26%) for casualty lines, $34 million (21%) for property lines, and $9 million (5%) for monoline excess.
net premiums written were $6,863 million in 2019, an increase of 7% from $6,433 million in 2018. ceded reinsurance premiums as a percentage of gross written premiums were 17% in both 2019 and 2018.
premiums earned increased 4% to $6,633 million in 2019 from $6,372 million in 2018. insurance premiums (including the impact of rate changes) are generally earned evenly over the policy term, and accordingly recent rate increases will be earned over the upcoming quarters. premiums earned in 2019 are related to business written during both 2019 and 2018. audit premiums were $199 million in 2019 compared with $192 million in 2018.
net investment income. following is a summary of net investment income for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018:
amount                average annualizedyield
(in thousands)                                                                                   2019   2018                             2019                 2018
fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents and loans receivable      $517,925              $519,269            3.4      %           3.6      %
investment funds                                                                           69,194               109,349            5.2                  8.8
arbitrage trading account                                                                  34,585                28,157            7.8                  4.7
real estate                                                                                24,218                18,591            1.2                  1.0
equity securities                                                                           5,439                 3,230            2.0                  1.4
gross investment income                                                                   651,361               678,596            3.4                  3.7
investment expenses                                                                        (5,747   )            (4,361   )          -                    -
total                                                                                    $645,614              $674,235            3.4      %           3.7      %
net investment income decreased 4% to $646 million in 2019 from $674 million in 2018 primarily due to a $40 million decrease in investment funds, as well as a decrease in income from fixed maturity securities of $1 million and an increase in investment expenses of $1 million, partially offset by a $6 million increase in arbitrage trading account, an increase in real estate of $6 million, and a $2 million increase in equity securities. investment funds are reported on a one quarter lag. the average annualized yield for fixed maturity securities was 3.4% in 2019 and 3.6% in 2018; accordingly, the decrease in fixed maturity securities income was mainly the result of lower interest rates. the effective duration of the fixed maturity portfolio was 2.8 years at both december 31, 2019 and 2018. the company has maintained a shortened duration of its fixed maturity security portfolio. this has reduced the potential impact of mark-to-market adjustments on the portfolio and positioned the company to react quickly to changes in the environment. average invested assets, at cost (including cash and cash equivalents), were $19.1 billion in 2019 and $18.4 billion in 2018.
insurance service fees. the company earns fees from an insurance distribution business, a third-party administrator, and as a servicing carrier of workers' compensation assigned risk plans for certain states. insurance service fees were $93 million in 2019 and $118 million in 2018. the decrease is primarily due to the sale of a third party administration business in the third quarter of 2018 and a reduction of assigned risk plan business.
net realized and unrealized gains on investments. the company buys and sells securities and other investment assets on a regular basis in order to maximize its total return on investments. decisions to sell securities and other investment assets are based on management's view of the underlying fundamentals of specific investments as well as management's expectations regarding interest rates, credit spreads, currency values and general economic conditions. effective january 1, 2018, the company adopted accounting guidance that requires all equity investments with readily determinable fair values to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those equity securities accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee). net realized and unrealized gains on investments were $121 million in 2019 compared with $154 million in 2018. in 2019, the gains reflected net realized gains on investment sales of $36 million and increased by a change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $85 million. in 2018, the gains reflected net realized gains on investment sales of $480 million reduced by a change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $320 million as well as $6 million in otti.
other-than-temporary impairments. the cost of securities is adjusted when appropriate to include a provision for a decline in value that is considered to be other-than-temporary. there were no other-than-temporary impairments in 2019 and $6 million in 2018.
revenues from non-insurance businesses. revenues from non-insurance businesses were derived from businesses engaged in the distribution of promotional merchandise, world-wide textile solutions, and aviation-related businesses that provide services to aviation markets, including (i) the distribution, manufacturing, repair and overhaul of aircraft parts and components, (ii) the sale of new and used aircraft, and (iii) avionics, fuel, maintenance, storage and charter services. revenues from non-insurance businesses increased to $407 million in 2019 from $373 million in 2018, primarily due to growth in revenues from the aviation-related businesses and the purchase of a promotional merchandise business in the second half of 2018.
losses and loss expenses. losses and loss expenses increased to $4,131 million in 2019 from $3,975 million in 2018. the consolidated loss ratio was 62.3% in 2019 and 62.4% in 2018. catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums, were $90 million in 2019 compared with $105 million in 2018. favorable prior year reserve development (net of premium offsets) was $19 million in 2019 compared with $39 million in 2018. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development decreased 0.1 points to 61.2% in 2019 from 61.3% in 2018.
a summary of loss ratios in 2019 compared with 2018 by business segment follows:
•   insurance - the loss ratio of 62.4% in 2019 was 0.1 points lower than the loss ratio of 62.5% in 2018. catastrophe losses were $68 million in 2019 compared with $76 million in 2018. favorable prior year reserve development was $21 million in 2019 compared with $19 million in 2018. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development increased 0.1 points to 61.6% in 2019 from 61.5% in 2018.
•   reinsurance &amp; monoline excess - the loss ratio of 61.5% in 2019 was 0.5 points higher than the loss ratio of 61.0% in 2018. catastrophe losses were $22 million in 2019 compared with $30 million in 2018. adverse prior year reserve development was $2 million in 2019 compared with favorable prior year reserve development of $20 million in 2018. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development decreased 1.5 points to 58.1% in 2019 from 59.6% in 2018.
other operating costs and expenses. following is a summary of other operating costs and expenses:
(in thousands)                                                     2019   2018
policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses      $2,090,301              $2,098,881
insurance service expenses                                  101,317                 118,357
net foreign currency gains                                  (30,715   )             (27,067   )
other costs and expenses                                    201,179                 193,050
total                                                    $2,362,082              $2,383,221
policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses are comprised of commissions paid to agents and brokers, premium taxes and other assessments and internal underwriting costs. policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses decreased less than 1% and net premiums earned increased 4% from 2018. the expense ratio (policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses expressed as a percentage of premiums earned) was 31.5% in 2019 and 32.9% in 2018. the improvement is primarily attributable to higher net premiums earned and lower expenses.
service expenses, which represent the costs associated with the fee-based businesses, decreased 14% to $101 million in 2019 from $118 million in 2018. the decrease is primarily due to the sale of a third party administration business in the third quarter of 2018 and a reduction of assigned risk plan business.
net foreign currency (gains) losses result from transactions denominated in a currency other than an operating unit's functional currency. net foreign currency gains were $31 million in 2019 compared to gains of $27 million in 2018, mainly resulting from the continued strengthening of the u.s. dollar in the relation to the argentine peso.
other costs and expenses represent general and administrative expenses of the parent company and other expenses not allocated to business segments, including the cost of certain long-term incentive plans and new business ventures. other costs and expenses increased to $201 million in 2019 from $193 million in 2018.
expenses from non-insurance businesses. expenses from non-insurance businesses represent costs associated with businesses engaged in the distribution of promotional merchandise, world-wide textile solutions, and aviation-related businesses that include (i) cost of goods sold related to aircraft and products sold and services provided, and (ii) general and administrative expenses. expenses from non-insurance businesses were $403 million in 2019 compared to $364 million in 2018. the increase mainly relates to expenses from a promotional merchandise business purchased in the second half of 2018 as well as growth in expenses from the aviation-related businesses.
interest expense. interest expense was $153 million in 2019 compared with $157 million in 2018. in march 2018, the company issued $175 million aggregate principal amount of 5.70% subordinated debentures due 2058, and in april 2018, the company issued another $10 million principal amount of such debentures. additionally in 2018, the company issued subsidiary debt of $116 million, which was primarily attributable to a non-recourse mortgage loan on a real estate property in florida. during 2019, the company repaid at maturity $489 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes and other debt. in december 2019, the company issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.10% subordinated debentures due 2059.
income taxes. the effective income tax rate was 19.8% in 2019 and 20.1% in 2018. the effective income tax rate differs from the federal income tax rate of 21% primarily because of the tax-exempt income and tax on income from foreign jurisdictions with different tax rates.
the company has not provided u.s. deferred income taxes on the undistributed earnings of approximately $124 million of its non-u.s. subsidiaries since these earnings are intended to be permanently reinvested in the non-u.s. subsidiaries. in the future, if such earnings were distributed the company projects that the incremental tax, if any, will be immaterial.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017
business segment results following is a summary of gross and net premiums written, net premiums earned, loss ratios (losses and loss expenses incurred expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned), expense ratios (underwriting expenses expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned) and gaap combined ratios (sum of loss ratio and expense ratio) for each of our business segments for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017. the gaap combined ratio represents a measure of underwriting profitability, excluding investment income. a gaap combined ratio in excess of 100 indicates an underwriting loss; a number below 100 indicates an underwriting profit.
(in thousands)                                   2018                    2017
insurance gross premiums written                 $6,980,202              $6,699,171
net premiums written                    5,791,905               5,555,515
net premiums earned                     5,702,073               5,549,403
loss ratio                                   62.5   %                62.5   %
expense ratio                                32.6                    33.0
gaap combined ratio                          95.1                    95.5
reinsurance &amp; monoline excess gross premiums written                   $722,292                $777,792
net premiums written                      641,322                 704,993
net premiums earned                       669,432                 762,016
loss ratio                                   61.0   %                70.0   %
expense ratio                                35.8                    35.7
gaap combined ratio                          96.8                   105.7
consolidated gross premiums written                 $7,702,494              $7,476,963
net premiums written                    6,433,227               6,260,508
net premiums earned                     6,371,505               6,311,419
loss ratio                                   62.4   %                63.4   %
expense ratio                                32.9                    33.3
gaap combined ratio                          95.3                    96.7
net income to common stockholders. the following table presents the company's net income to common stockholders and net income per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017.
(in thousands, except per share data)              2018   2017
net income to common stockholders          $640,749              $549,094
weighted average diluted shares             192,395               193,527
net income per diluted share                  $3.33                 $2.84
the company reported net income of $641 million in 2018 compared to $549 million in 2017. the 17% increase in net income was primarily due to an after-tax increase in net investment income of $79 million, mainly driven by growth in the fixed maturity security portfolio, higher interest rates and an increase in investment funds, an after-tax increase in underwriting income of $72 million, a $34 million increase in after-tax foreign currency gains, an after-tax increase in income from non-insurance businesses of $6 million, and a $60 million decrease in tax expense primarily due to the reduction of the federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, partially offset by a decrease in after-tax net investment gains of $145 million, an after-tax increase in interest expense of $8 million, an after-tax reduction in insurance service fee income of $4 million, and an after-tax increase in corporate expenses of $2 million. the number of weighted average diluted shares decreased slightly primarily due to share repurchases.
premiums. gross premiums written were $7,702 million in 2018, an increase of 3% from $7,477 million in 2017. the increase was due to growth in the insurance segment of $281 million, partially offset by a decrease in the reinsurance & monoline excess segment of $56 million. approximately 78% of policies expiring in 2018 were renewed, and 79% of policies expiring in 2017 were renewed.
average renewal premium rates (adjusted for change in exposures) increased 2.5% in 2018 and 0.9% in 2017.
a summary of gross premiums written in 2018 compared with 2017 by line of business within each business segment follows:
•   insurance gross premiums increased 4% to $6,980 million in 2018 from $6,699 million in 2017. gross premiums increased $157 million (7%) for other liability, $87 million (12%) for professional liability, $64 million (4%) for short-tail lines and $54 million (7%) for commercial auto, and decreased $81 million (5%) for workers' compensation.
•   reinsurance &amp; monoline excess gross premiums decreased 7% to $722 million in 2018 from $778 million in 2017. gross premiums written decreased $38 million (19%) for property lines and $24 million (6%) for casualty lines and increased $6 million (4%) for monoline excess.
net premiums written were $6,433 million in 2018, an increase of 3% from $6,261 million in 2017. ceded reinsurance premiums as a percentage of gross written premiums were 17% and 16% in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
premiums earned increased 1% to $6,372 million in 2018 from $6,311 million in 2017. insurance premiums (including the impact of rate changes) are generally earned evenly over the policy term, and accordingly recent rate increases will be earned over the upcoming quarters. premiums earned in 2018 are related to business written during both 2018 and 2017. audit premiums were $192 million in 2018 compared with $172 million in 2017.
net investment income. following is a summary of net investment income for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017:
amount                average annualizedyield
(in thousands)                                                                                   2018   2017                             2018                 2017
fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents and loans receivable      $519,269              $473,101            3.6      %           3.3      %
investment funds                                                                          109,349                68,169            8.8                  5.7
arbitrage trading account                                                                  28,157                19,145            4.7                  3.6
real estate                                                                                18,591                19,975            1.0                  1.5
equity securities                                                                           3,230                 2,350            1.4                  1.1
gross investment income                                                                   678,596               582,740            3.7                  3.3
investment expenses                                                                        (4,361   )            (6,952   )          -                    -
total                                                                                    $674,235              $575,788            3.7      %           3.3      %
net investment income increased 17% to $674 million in 2018 from $576 million in 2017 primarily due to an increase in income from fixed maturity securities of $46 million, a $41 million increase in investment funds, a $9 million increase in arbitrage trading account and a decrease in investment expenses of $2 million, partially offset by a decrease in real estate of $1 million. investment funds are reported on a one quarter lag. the average annualized yield for fixed maturity securities was 3.6% in 2018 and 3.3% in 2017; accordingly, the increase in fixed maturity securities income was mainly the result of a larger investment portfolio and higher interest rates. the effective duration of the fixed maturity portfolio was 2.8 years at december 31, 2018, down from 3.0 years at december 31, 2017. the company has maintained a shortened duration of its fixed maturity security portfolio. this has reduced the potential impact of mark-to-market adjustments on the portfolio and positioned the company to take advantage of rising interest rates. average invested assets, at cost (including cash and cash equivalents), were $18.4 billion in 2018 and $17.5 billion in 2017.
insurance service fees. the company earns fees from an insurance distribution business, a third-party administrator, and as a servicing carrier of workers' compensation assigned risk plans for certain states. insurance service fees were $118 million in 2018 and $135 million in 2017. the decrease is primarily due to the sale of a third party administration business in the third quarter of 2018.
net realized and unrealized gains on investments. the company buys and sells securities and other investment assets on a regular basis in order to maximize its total return on investments. decisions to sell securities and other investment assets are based on management's view of the underlying fundamentals of specific investments as well as management's expectations regarding interest rates, credit spreads, currency values and general economic conditions. effective january 1, 2018, the company adopted accounting guidance that requires all equity investments with readily determinable fair values to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those equity securities accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee). net realized and unrealized gains on investments were $154 million in 2018 compared with $336 million in 2017. in 2018, the gains reflected net realized gains on investment sales of $480 million reduced by a change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $320
million as well as $6 million in otti. in 2017, realized gains were primarily related to the sale of an investment in an office building located in washington, d.c. and the sale of shares of a publicly traded common stock.
other-than-temporary impairments. the cost of securities is adjusted when appropriate to include a provision for a decline in value that is considered to be other-than-temporary. in 2018, there were $6 million of other-than-temporary impairments. there was no other-than-temporary impairments in 2017.
revenues from non-insurance businesses. revenues from non-insurance businesses were derived from businesses engaged in the distribution of promotional merchandise, world-wide textile solutions, and aviation-related businesses that provide services to aviation markets, including (i) the distribution, manufacturing, repair and overhaul of aircraft parts and components, (ii) the sale of new and used aircraft, and (iii) avionics, fuel, maintenance, storage and charter services. revenues from non-insurance businesses increased to $373 million in 2018 from $326 million in 2017, primarily due to the purchase of a business in the second half of 2018 and revenues from a textile business purchased in march 2017.
losses and loss expenses. losses and loss expenses decreased to $3,975 million in 2018 from $4,002 million in 2017. the consolidated loss ratio was 62.4% in 2018 and 63.4% in 2017. catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums, were $105 million in 2018 compared with $184 million in 2017. the more significant 2017 catastrophe losses largely related to hurricanes harvey, irma, and maria, along with two earthquakes in mexico. favorable prior year reserve development (net of premium offsets) was $39 million in 2018 compared with $37 million in 2017. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development increased 0.2 points to 61.3% in 2018 from 61.1% in 2017.
a summary of loss ratios in 2018 compared with 2017 by business segment follows:
•   insurance - the loss ratio was 62.5% in both 2018 and 2017. catastrophe losses were $76 million in 2018 compared with $107 million in 2017. favorable prior year reserve development was $19 million in 2018 compared with $30 million in 2017. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development increased 0.4 points to 61.5% in 2018 from 61.1% in 2017.
•   reinsurance &amp; monoline excess - the loss ratio of 61.0% in 2018 was 9.0 points lower than the loss ratio of 70.0% in 2017. catastrophe losses were $29 million in 2018 compared with $77 million in 2017. favorable prior year reserve development was $20 million in 2018 compared with $7 million in 2017. the loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development decreased 1.1 points to 59.6% in 2018 from 60.7% in 2017.
other operating costs and expenses. following is a summary of other operating costs and expenses:
(in thousands)                                                     2018   2017
policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses      $2,098,881              $2,101,024
insurance service expenses                                  118,357                 129,776
net foreign currency (gains) losses                         (27,067   )              15,267
other costs and expenses                                    193,050                 190,865
total                                                    $2,383,221              $2,436,932
policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses are comprised of commissions paid to agents and brokers, premium taxes and other assessments and internal underwriting costs. policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses remained flat and net premiums earned increased 1% from 2017. the expense ratio (policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses expressed as a percentage of premiums earned) was 32.9% in 2018 and 33.3% in 2017.
service expenses, which represent the costs associated with the fee-based businesses, decreased 9% to $118 million in 2018 from $130 million in 2017. the decrease is primarily due to the sale of a third party administration business in the third quarter of 2018.
net foreign currency (gains) losses result from transactions denominated in a currency other than an operating unit's functional currency. net foreign currency gains were $27 million in 2018 compared to losses of $15 million in 2017, resulting from the strengthening u.s. dollar and the change of functional currency for the company's argentine operations to the u.s. dollar as of july 1, 2018. the argentine economy was determined to be highly inflationary under gaap requiring the change in functional currency beginning with the third quarter of 2018.
other costs and expenses represent general and administrative expenses of the parent company and other expenses not allocated to business segments, including the cost of certain long-term incentive plans and new business ventures. other costs and expenses increased to $193 million in 2018 from $191 million in 2017.
expenses from non-insurance businesses. expenses from non-insurance businesses represent costs associated with businesses engaged in the distribution of promotional merchandise, world-wide textile solutions, and aviation-related businesses that include (i) cost of goods sold related to aircraft and products sold and services provided, and (ii) general and administrative expenses. expenses from non-insurance businesses were $364 million in 2018 compared to $325 million in 2017. the increase mainly relates to a new business purchased in the second half of 2018 as well as the textile business purchased in march 2017.
interest expense. interest expense was $157 million in 2018 compared with $147 million in 2017. in march 2018, the company issued $175 million aggregate principal amount of 5.70% subordinated debentures due 2058, and in april 2018, the company issued another $10 million principal amount of such debentures. additionally in 2018, the company issued subsidiary debt of $116 million, which was primarily attributable to a non-recourse mortgage loan on a real estate property in florida.
income taxes. the effective income tax rate was 20% in 2018 compared to 28% in 2017. the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2018 from 2017 was primarily due to the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, which reduced the federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%.
the company has not provided u.s. deferred income taxes on the undistributed earnings of approximately $70 million of its non-u.s. subsidiaries since these earnings are intended to be permanently reinvested in the non-u.s. subsidiaries. in the future, if such earnings were distributed the company projects that the incremental tax, if any, will be immaterial.
investments as part of its investment strategy, the company establishes a level of cash and highly liquid short-term and intermediate-term securities that, combined with expected cash flow, it believes is adequate to meet its payment obligations. due to the low fixed maturity investment returns, the company invests in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets. the company's investments in investment funds and its other alternative investments have experienced, and the company expects to continue to experience, greater fluctuations in investment income.
the company also attempts to maintain an appropriate relationship between the effective duration of the investment portfolio and the approximate duration of its liabilities (i.e., policy claims and debt obligations). the effective duration of the investment portfolio was 2.8 years at december 31, 2019 and 2018. the company's investment portfolio and investment-related assets as of december 31, 2019 were as follows:
($ in thousands)                                    carryingvalue          percentof total fixed maturity securities:
u.s. government and government agencies           $786,931                   4.0         %
state and municipal:
special revenue                                  2,422,700                  12.4
local general obligation                           469,855                   2.4
state general obligation                           421,704                   2.2
pre-refunded (1)                                   390,126                   2.0
corporate backed                                   261,559                   1.3
total state and municipal                        3,965,944                  20.3
mortgage-backed securities:
agency                                             859,043                   4.4
residential-prime                                  432,418                   2.2
commercial                                         309,374                   1.6
residential-alt a                                   33,130                   0.2
total mortgage-backed securities                 1,633,965                   8.3
asset-backed securities                          2,790,630                  14.3
corporate:
industrial                                       2,329,173                  12.0
financial                                        1,481,152                   7.6
utilities                                          340,641                   1.7
other                                                5,449                     -
total corporate                                  4,156,415                  21.3
foreign government                                 847,076                   4.3
total fixed maturity securities                 14,180,961                  72.6
equity securities available for sale:
preferred stocks                                   313,815                   1.6
common stocks                                      166,805                   0.9
total equity securities available for sale         480,620                   2.5
real estate                                      2,105,950                  10.8
investment funds                                 1,213,535                   6.2
cash and cash equivalents                        1,023,710                   5.3
arbitrage trading account                          400,809                   2.1
loans receivable                                    91,799                   0.5
total investments                              $19,497,384                 100.0         %
______________
(1)   pre-refunded securities are securities for which an escrow account has been established to fund the remaining payments of principal and interest through maturity. such escrow accounts are funded almost exclusively with u.s. treasury and u.s. government agency securities.
fixed maturity securities. the company's investment policy with respect to fixed maturity securities is generally to purchase instruments with the expectation of holding them to their maturity. however, management of the available for sale portfolio is considered necessary to maintain an approximate matching of assets and liabilities as well as to adjust the portfolio as a result of changes in financial market conditions and tax considerations.
the company's philosophy related to holding or selling fixed maturity securities is based on its objective of maximizing total return. the key factors that management considers in its investment decisions as to whether to hold or sell fixed maturity securities are its view of the underlying fundamentals of specific securities as well as its expectations regarding interest rates, credit spreads and currency values. in a period in which management expects interest rates to rise, the company may sell longer duration securities in order to mitigate the impact of an interest rate rise on the fair value of the portfolio. similarly, in a period in which management expects credit spreads to widen, the company may sell lower quality securities, and in a period in which management expects certain foreign currencies to decline in value, the company may sell securities denominated in those foreign currencies. the sale of fixed maturity securities in order to achieve the objective of maximizing total return may result in realized gains; however, there is no reason to expect these gains to continue in future periods.
equity securities. equity securities primarily represent investments in common and preferred stocks in companies with potential growth opportunities in different sectors, mainly in the financial institutions sector.
investment funds. at december 31, 2019, the carrying value of investment funds was $1,214 million, including investments in real estate funds of $412 million, financial services funds of $281 million, energy funds of $157 million, transportation funds of $147 million, and other funds of $217 million. investment funds are primarily reported on a one-quarter lag.
real estate. real estate is directly owned property held for investment. at december 31, 2019, real estate properties in operation included a long-term ground lease in washington d.c., a hotel in memphis, tennessee, two office complexes in new york city, office buildings in west palm beach and palm beach, florida, and an office building in london, u.k. in addition, there is a mixed-use project in washington d.c. under development. the company expects to fund further development costs for the project with a combination of its own funds and external financing.
arbitrage trading account. the arbitrage trading account is comprised of direct investments in arbitrage securities. merger arbitrage is the business of investing in the securities of publicly held companies that are the targets in announced tender offers and mergers.
loans receivable. loans receivable, which are carried at amortized cost, had an amortized cost of $92 million and an aggregate fair value of $95 million at december 31, 2019. the amortized cost of loans receivable is net of a valuation allowance of $2 million as of december 31, 2019. loans receivable include real estate loans of $59 million that are secured by commercial real estate located primarily in new york. real estate loans receivable generally earn interest at floating libor-based interest rates and have maturities (inclusive of extension options) through august 2025. loans receivable include commercial loans of $33 million that are secured by business assets and have fixed interest rates and varying maturities not exceeding 10 years.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow. cash flow provided from operating activities increased to $1,144 million in 2019 from $620 million in 2018, primarily due to an increase in net premium receipts and the timing of loss and loss expense payments as well as payments to tax authorities.
the company's insurance subsidiaries' principal sources of cash are premiums, investment income, service fees and proceeds from sales and maturities of portfolio investments. the principal uses of cash are payments for claims, taxes, operating expenses and dividends. the company expects its insurance subsidiaries to fund the payment of losses with cash received from premiums, investment income and fees. the company generally targets an average duration for its investment portfolio that is within one year of the average duration of its liabilities so that portions of its investment portfolio mature throughout the claim cycle and are available for the payment of claims if necessary. in the event operating cash flow and proceeds from maturities and prepayments of fixed maturity securities are not sufficient to fund claim payments and other cash requirements, the remainder of the company's cash and investments is available to pay claims and other obligations as they become due. the company's investment portfolio is highly liquid, with approximately 78% invested in cash, cash equivalents and marketable fixed maturity securities as of december 31, 2019. if the sale of fixed maturity securities were to become necessary, a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the cost and sales price of securities sold would be recognized.
debt. at december 31, 2019, the company had senior notes, subordinated debentures and other debt outstanding with a carrying value of $2,626 million and a face amount of $2,671 million. the maturities of the outstanding debt are $6 million in 2019, $300 million in 2020, $1 million in 2021, $427 million in 2022, $102 million in 2028, $250 million in 2037, $350 million in 2044, $350 million in 2053, $400 million in 2056, $185 million in 2058 and $300 million in 2059.
in march 2018, the company issued $175 million aggregate principal amount of 5.70% subordinated debentures due 2058, and in april 2018, the company issued another $10 million principal amount of such debentures. additionally in 2018, the company issued subsidiary debt of $116 million, which was primarily attributable to a non-recourse mortgage loan on a real estate property in florida. during 2019, the company repaid at maturity $489 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes and other debt. in december 2019, the company issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.10% subordinated debentures due 2059.
equity. the company repurchased 269,072, 357,600, and 731,003 shares of its common stock in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the aggregate cost of the repurchases was $18 million in 2019, $25 million in 2018 and $48 million in 2017. in 2019, the board declared regular quarterly cash dividends of $0.10 per share in the first quarter, and $0.11 per share in each of the remaining three quarters, plus additional special dividends in the respective amounts of $0.50 per share in the second quarter and $0.75 per share in the fourth quarter, for a total of $308 million in aggregate dividends in 2019. at december 31, 2019, total common stockholders' equity was $6.1 billion, common shares outstanding were 183,411,907 and stockholders' equity per outstanding share was $33.12.
total capital. total capitalization (equity, debt and subordinated debentures) was $8.7 billion at december 31, 2019. the percentage of the company's capital attributable to senior notes, subordinated debentures and other debt was 30% at december 31, 2019 and 34% at december 31, 2018.
federal and foreign income taxes the company files a consolidated income tax return in the u.s. and foreign tax returns in each of the countries in which it has overseas operations. at december 31, 2019, the company had a gross deferred tax asset (net of valuation allowance) of $392 million (which primarily relates to loss and loss expense reserves and unearned premium reserves) and a gross deferred tax liability of $410 million (which primarily relates to deferred policy acquisition costs, unrealized investment gains and investment funds). the realization of the deferred tax asset is dependent upon the company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods. based on historical results and the prospects for future operations, management anticipates that it is more likely than not that future taxable income will be sufficient for the realization of this asset.
reinsurance the company follows customary industry practice of reinsuring a portion of its exposures in exchange for paying reinsurers a part of the premiums received on the policies it writes. reinsurance is purchased by the company principally to reduce its net liability on individual risks and to protect it against catastrophic losses. although reinsurance does not legally discharge an insurer from its primary liability for the full amount of the policies, it does make the assuming reinsurer liable to the insurer to the extent of the reinsurance coverage. the company monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers and attempts to place its coverages only with financially sound carriers. reinsurance coverage and retentions vary depending on the line of business, location of the risk and nature of loss. the company's reinsurance purchases include the following:
•   property reinsurance treaties - the company purchases property reinsurance to reduce its exposure to large individual property losses and catastrophe events. following is a summary of significant property reinsurance treaties in effect as of january 1, 2020: the company's property per risk reinsurance generally covers losses between $2.5 million and $60 million. the company's catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance program provides protection for net losses between $15 million and $395 million for the majority of business written by its u.s. insurance segment operating units and lloyd's syndicate, excluding offshore energy. the company's catastrophe reinsurance agreements are subject to certain limits, exclusions and reinstatement premiums.
•   casualty reinsurance treaties - the company purchases casualty reinsurance to reduce its exposure to large individual casualty losses, workers' compensation catastrophe losses and casualty losses involving multiple claimants or insureds for the majority of business written by its u.s. companies. a significant casualty treaty (casualty catastrophe) in effect as of january 1, 2020 provides significant protection for losses between $5 million and $75 million from single events with claims involving two or more insurable interests or for systemic events involving multiple insureds and/or policy years. the treaty also covers casualty contingency losses in excess of $2 million and up to $97 million. for losses involving two or more claimants for primary workers' compensation business, coverage is generally in place for losses between $5 million and $270 million. for excess workers' compensation business, such coverage is generally in place for losses between $25 million and $545 million.
•   facultative reinsurance - the company also purchases facultative reinsurance on certain individual policies or risks that are in excess of treaty reinsurance capacity.
•   other reinsurance - depending on the operating unit, the company purchases specific additional reinsurance to supplement the above programs.
the company places a number of its casualty treaties on a "risk attaching" basis. under risk attaching treaties, all claims from policies incepting during the period of the reinsurance contract are covered even if they occur after the expiration date of the reinsurance contract. if the company is unable to renew or replace its existing reinsurance coverage, protection for unexpired policies would remain in place until their expiration. in such case, the company could revise its underwriting strategy for new business to reflect the absence of reinsurance protection. the casualty catastrophe treaty highlighted above was purchased on a claims made basis. property catastrophe and workers' compensation catastrophe reinsurance is generally placed on a "losses occurring basis," whereby only claims occurring during the period are covered. if the company is unable to renew or replace these reinsurance coverages, unexpired policies would not be protected, though we frequently have the option to purchase run-off coverage in our treaties.
following is a summary of earned premiums and loss and loss expenses ceded to reinsurers for each of the three years ended december 31, 2019:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                           2019   2018                      2017
earned premiums               $1,328,843                $1,236,049                $1,161,936
losses and loss expenses         836,831                   829,742                   601,769
ceded earned premiums increased 7.5% in 2019 to $1,329 million. the ceded losses and loss expenses ratio decreased 4 points to 63% in 2019 from 67% in 2018.
the following table presents the credit quality of amounts due from reinsurers as of december 31, 2019. amounts due from reinsurers are net of reserves for uncollectible reinsurance of $1 million in the aggregate.
(in thousands)
reinsurer                               rating   (1)               amount amounts due in excess of $20 million:
munich re                               aa-                 $243,021
lloyd's of london                       a+                   201,092
swiss re                                aa-                  179,274
alleghany group                         a+                   169,185
partner re                              a+                   127,638
hannover re group                       aa-                   95,486
axis capital                            a+                    93,547
berkshire hathaway                      aa+                   82,882
renaissance re                          a+                    79,954
korean re                               a                     64,464
everest re                              a+                    55,431
liberty mutual                          a                     49,346
arch capital group                      a+                    27,116
qatar re                                a                     22,477
chubb limited                           aa                    15,199
other reinsurers:
rated a- or better                                           166,658
secured (2)                                                  118,550
all others                                                    23,195
subtotal                                                   1,814,515
residual market pools (3)                                    319,168
total                                                     $2,133,683
_________________
(1)   s&amp;p rating, or if not rated by s&amp;p, a.m. best rating.
(2)   secured by letters of credit or other forms of collateral.
(3)   many states require licensed insurers that provide workers' compensation insurance to participate in programs that provide workers' compensation to employers that cannot procure coverage from an insurer on a voluntary basis. insurers can fulfill this residual market obligation by participating in pools where results are shared by the participating companies. the company acts as a servicing carrier for workers' compensation pools in certain states. as a servicing carrier, the company writes residual market business directly and then cedes 100% of this business to the respective pool. as a servicing carrier, the company receives fee income for its services. the company does not retain underwriting risk, and credit risk is limited as ceded balances are jointly shared by all the pool members.
contractual obligations following is a summary of the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2019:
(in thousands)
estimated payments by periods                2020   2021                    2022                    2023                    2024                             thereafter gross reserves for losses          $3,329,476              $2,340,960              $1,744,383              $1,270,669                $906,267          $3,553,186
operating lease obligations            49,293                  47,107                  41,652                  37,510                  31,152              78,820
purchase obligations                  125,828                  64,798                  43,172                  40,014                  40,383                   -
subordinated debentures                     -                       -                       -                       -                       -           1,235,000
debt maturities                       305,934                   1,120                 426,503                       -                       -             701,750
interest payments                     142,552                 126,427                 119,771                 103,584                 103,584           2,775,560
other long-term liabilities             3,346                   2,998                   2,650                   2,382                   2,131              24,696
total                              $3,956,429              $2,583,410              $2,378,131              $1,454,159              $1,083,517          $8,369,012
the estimated payments for reserves for losses and loss expenses in the above table represent the projected (undiscounted) payments for gross loss and loss expense reserves related to losses incurred as of december 31, 2019. the estimated payments in the above table do not consider payments for losses to be incurred in future periods. these amounts include reserves for reported losses and reserves for incurred but not reported losses. estimated amounts recoverable from reinsurers are not reflected. the estimated payments by year are based on historical loss payment patterns.the actual payments may differ from the estimated amounts due to changes in ultimate loss reserves and in the timing of the settlement of those reserves. in addition, at december 31, 2019, the company had commitments to invest up to $232 million and $114 million in certain investment funds and real estate construction projects, respectively. these amounts are not included in the above table.
the company utilizes letters of credit to back certain reinsurance payments and obligations. outstanding letters of credit were $4 million as of december 31, 2019. the company has made certain guarantees to state regulators that the statutory capital of certain subsidiaries will be maintained above certain minimum levels.
off-balance sheet arrangements an off-balance sheet arrangement is any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement involving an unconsolidated entity under which a company has (1) made guarantees, (2) a retained or contingent interest in transferred assets, (3) an obligation under derivative instruments classified as equity or (4) any obligation arising out of a material variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to the company, or that engages in leasing, hedging or research and development arrangements with the company. the company has no arrangements of these types that management believes may have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.
