item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, regarding matters that could have an adverse effect, including a material one, on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our business the outbreak of the novel coronavirus ("coronavirus") has had and will have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in january 2020, an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus, covid-19, was identified in wuhan, china. currently, no fully effective vaccines have been developed and there can be no assurance that an effective vaccine can be discovered in time to protect against a potential pandemic.
in response, on february 4, 2020, the macau government announced the closure of all casino operations in macau, including those at wynn palace and wynn macau, for a period of 15 days. on february 20, 2020, our casino operations at wynn palace and wynn macau reopened on a reduced basis, and are expected to fully reopen by march 20, 2020 (the deadline set by the macau government for macau casinos to fully reopen). since reopening, all casinos in macau are subject to a number of government procedures which address the health and safety of staff and patrons, including limitations on the spacing of open tables and slot machines to ensure adequate distance between people, stopping patrons from congregating together, limiting the number of players and spectators at a table to three to four, temperature checks, mask protection, and health declarations.
visitation to macau has fallen precipitously since the outbreak of coronavirus, driven by the chinese government's suspension of its visa and group tour schemes that allow mainland chinese residents to travel to macau, quarantines in certain cities in mainland china, and the suspension by the hong kong government of ferry service from hong kong to macau until further notice.
the us government has put in place restrictions on travel to the us from mainland china, and could expand the restrictions. a significant portion of our us business relies on the willingness and ability of premium international customers to travel to the us, including from mainland china. as such, our las vegas operations and operations at encore boston harbor may also be adversely impacted.
the coronavirus outbreak has had and will have an adverse effect on our results of operations. given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation of the coronavirus and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact to our future results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
we are subject to extensive state and local regulation, and licensing and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations. the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations and authorities could have a negative effect on our business.
the operations of our resorts are contingent upon our obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses, permits, approvals, registrations, findings of suitability, orders and authorizations in the jurisdictions in which our resorts are located. the laws, regulations and ordinances requiring these licenses, permits and other approvals generally relate to the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations, as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. the ngc may require the holder of any debt or securities that we or wynn las vegas, llc issue to file applications, be investigated and be found suitable to own wynn resorts' securities if it has reason to believe that the security ownership would be inconsistent with the declared policies of the state of nevada.
the company's articles of incorporation provide that, to the extent required by the gaming authority making the determination of unsuitability or to the extent the board of directors determines, in its sole discretion, that a person is likely to jeopardize the company's or any affiliate's application for, receipt of, approval for, right to the use of, or entitlement to, any gaming license, shares of wynn resorts' capital stock that are owned or controlled by such unsuitable person or its affiliates are
17
subject to redemption by wynn resorts. the redemption price may be paid in cash, by promissory note, or both, as required, and pursuant to the terms established by the applicable gaming authority and, if not, as wynn resorts elects.
nevada and massachusetts regulatory authorities have broad powers to request detailed financial and other information, to limit, condition, suspend or revoke a registration, gaming license or related approvals; approve changes in our operations; and levy fines or require forfeiture of assets for violations of gaming laws or regulations. complying with gaming laws, regulations and license requirements is costly. any change in the nevada and massachusetts laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or a violation of any current or future laws or regulations applicable to our business or gaming licenses could require us to make substantial expenditures and forfeit assets, and would negatively affect our gaming operations.
our macau operations are subject to unique risks. failure to adhere to the regulatory and gaming environment in macau could result in the revocation of our macau operations' concession or otherwise negatively affect its operations in macau. moreover, we are subject to the risk that u.s. regulators could determine that macau's gaming regulatory framework has not developed in a way that would permit us to conduct operations in macau in a manner consistent with the way in which we intend, or the applicable u.s. gaming authorities require us, to conduct our operations in the united states.
each of these regulatory authorities has extensive power to license and oversee the operations of our casino resorts and has taken action and could take action against the company and its related licensees, including actions that could affect the ability or terms upon which our subsidiaries hold their gaming licenses and concessions, and the suitability of the company to continue as a stockholder of those affiliates.
ongoing investigations, litigation and other disputes could distract management and result in negative publicity and additional scrutiny from regulators.
as discussed in item 3-"legal proceedings" and item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 17, "commitments and contingencies," the company is subject to various claims related to our operations. these foregoing investigations, litigation and other disputes and any additional such matters that may arise in the future, can be expensive and may divert management's attention from the operations of our businesses. the investigations, litigation and other disputes may also lead to additional scrutiny from regulators, which could lead to investigations relating to, and possibly a negative impact on, the company's gaming licenses and the company's ability to bid successfully for new gaming market opportunities. in addition, the actions, litigation and publicity could negatively impact our business, reputation and competitive position and could reduce demand for shares of wynn resorts and wml and thereby have a negative impact on the trading prices of their respective shares.
we depend on the continued services of key managers and employees. if we do not retain our key personnel or attract and retain other highly skilled employees, our business will suffer.
our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team. our success depends upon our ability to attract, hire, and retain qualified operating, marketing, financial, and technical personnel in the future. given the intense competition for qualified management personnel in our industry, we may not be able to hire or retain the required personnel. the loss of key management and operating personnel would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of global economic conditions.
consumer demand for casino/hotel resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities that we offer is particularly sensitive to changes in the global economy, which adversely impact discretionary spending on leisure activities. changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general global economic conditions, high unemployment, weakness in housing or oil markets, perceived or actual changes in disposable consumer income and wealth, an economic recession and changes in consumer confidence in the global economy, perceived or actual health risks related to outbreaks of infectious disease, or fears of war and future acts of terrorism have in the past and could in the future reduce customer demand for the luxury amenities and leisure activities we offer, and may have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
18
also, consumer demographics and preferences may evolve over time, which, for example, has resulted in growth in consumer demand for non-gaming offerings. our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and react to those trends and any failure to do so may negatively impact our operating results.
demand for our products and services in macau and las vegas may be negatively impacted by international relations, economic disruptions in mainland china, visa restrictions placed on citizens of mainland china, the anti-corruption campaign, restrictions on international money transfers or similar campaigns.
a significant amount of our gaming revenues in macau and las vegas come from customers from mainland china. economic disruption, international relations, contraction and uncertainty in china could impact the number of patrons visiting our macau and las vegas properties or the amount they spend. in addition, policies adopted from time to time by governments, including any travel restrictions imposed on chinese citizens such as restrictions imposed on exit visas or restrictions on united states visitor visas, could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china to our properties. it is not known when, or if, policies restricting visitation by mainland chinese citizens will be put in place and such policies may be adjusted, without notice, in the future. furthermore, the chinese government's continuing anti-corruption campaign has influenced the behavior of chinese consumers and their spending patterns both domestically and abroad. that campaign, as well as mainland chinese and macau monetary outflow policies have specifically led to tighter monetary transfer regulations, real-time monitoring of certain financial channels, limitations on cash withdrawals from atm machines by mainland china citizens, reduction of annual withdrawal limits from bank accounts while the account holder is outside of mainland china, and "know your client" protocols implemented on atm machines. these policies may affect and impact the number of visitors and the amount of money they spend. the overall effect of the campaign and monetary transfer restrictions may negatively affect our revenues and results of operations.
our business is particularly sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel to and spend time at our resorts. acts or the threat of acts of terrorism, outbreak of infectious disease, regional political events and developments in certain countries could cause severe disruptions in air and other travel and may otherwise negatively impact tourists' willingness to visit our resorts. such events or developments could reduce the number of visitors to our facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. only a small amount of our business is and will be generated by local residents. most of our customers travel to reach our las vegas and macau properties. acts of terrorism or concerns over the possibility of such acts may severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to las vegas and macau, including our properties. regional conflicts could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any terrorist act, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war or worldwide infectious disease outbreak would have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, governmental action and uncertainty resulting from u.s. and global political trends and policies, including potential barriers to travel, trade and immigration can reduce demand for hospitality products and services, including visitation to our resorts.
furthermore, the attack in las vegas on october 1, 2017 underscores the possibility that large public facilities could become the target of mass shootings or other attacks in the future. the occurrence or the possibility of attacks could cause all or portions of affected properties to be shut down for prolonged periods, resulting in a loss of income; generally reduce travel to affected areas for tourism and business or adversely affect the willingness of customers to stay in or avail themselves of the services of the affected properties; expose us to a risk of monetary claims arising from death, injury or damage to property caused by any such attack; and result in higher costs for security and insurance premiums, all of which could adversely affect our results.
our continued success depends on our ability to maintain the reputation of our resorts.
our strategy and integrated resort business model rely on positive perceptions of our resorts and the level of service we provide. any deterioration in our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. our reputation could be negatively impacted by our failure to deliver the superior design and customer service for which we are known or by events that are beyond our control. our reputation may also suffer as a result of negative publicity regarding the company or our resorts, including as a result of social media reports, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity. the continued expansion of media and social media formats has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity and has made it more difficult to control and effectively manage negative publicity.
19
we are entirely dependent on a limited number of resorts for all of our cash flow, which subjects us to greater risks than a gaming company with more operating properties.
we are currently entirely dependent upon our macau operations, las vegas operations and encore boston harbor for all of our operating cash flow. as a result, we are subject to a greater degree of risk than a gaming company with more operating properties or greater geographic diversification. the risks to which we have a greater degree of exposure include the following:
•changes in local economic and competitive conditions;
•changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations, and the way in which those laws and regulations are applied;
•natural and other disasters, including the outbreak of infectious diseases;
•an increase in the cost of maintaining our properties;
•a decline in the number of visitors to las vegas, macau or boston; and
•a decrease in gaming and non-casino activities at our resorts.
any of the factors outlined above could negatively affect our results of operations and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make payments or maintain our covenants with respect to our debt.
we are a parent company and our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries.
we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. we conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries that are derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. our subsidiaries might not generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to pay dividends or distributions in the future. for example, if the coronavirus outbreak continues to interrupt our gaming operations or visitation to macau or if the outbreak escalates, it may have a material adverse effect on our subsidiaries' results of operations and their ability to pay dividends or distributions to us.
our subsidiaries' payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations. in addition, our subsidiaries' debt instruments and other agreements limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. we expect that future debt instruments for the financing of our other developments will contain similar restrictions. an inability of our subsidiaries to pay us dividends and distributions would have a significant negative effect on our liquidity.
our casino, hotel, convention and other facilities face intense competition, which may increase in the future.
the casino/hotel industry is highly competitive. we hold a concession under one of only three gaming concessions and three subconcessions authorized by the macau government to operate casinos in macau. the macau government has had the ability to grant additional gaming concessions since april 2009. if the macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in macau through the grant of additional concessions or subconcessions, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. several of the current concessionaires and subconcessionaires have opened facilities in the cotai area over the past few years, which has significantly increased gaming and non-gaming offerings in macau, with continued development and further openings in cotai expected in the near future.
our macau operations face competition from casinos located in singapore, south korea, the philippines, vietnam, cambodia, and malaysia. we also encounter competition from other major gaming centers located around the world, including australia and las vegas, cruise ships in asia that offer gaming, and other casinos throughout asia. additionally, certain other asian countries and regions have legalized or in the future may legalize gaming, such as japan, taiwan and thailand, which could increase competition for our macau operations.
our las vegas operations compete with other las vegas strip hotels and with other hotel casinos in las vegas on the basis of overall atmosphere, range of amenities, level of service, price, location, entertainment, theme and size, among other factors. wynn las vegas also competes with other casino/hotel facilities in other cities. the proliferation of gaming activities in other areas could significantly harm our business as well. in particular, the legalization or expansion of casino gaming in or near metropolitan areas from which we attract customers could have a negative effect on our business. in addition, new or renovated casinos in macau or elsewhere in asia could draw asian gaming customers away from wynn las vegas.
20
encore boston harbor competes with other casinos in the northeastern united states. additional competition in the northeast region as a result of the upgrading or expansion of facilities by existing market participants, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market or legislative changes may harm our business. as competing properties and new markets are opened, our operating results may be negatively impacted.
increased competition could result in a loss of customers, which may negatively affect our cash flows and results of operations.
our business relies on premium, international customers. we often extend credit, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit players or credit play may decrease.
general. a significant portion of our table games revenue at our resorts is attributable to the play of a limited number of premium international customers. the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. a downturn in economic conditions in the countries in which these customers reside could cause a reduction in the frequency of visits by and revenue generated from these customers.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit as well as a cash basis. the casino credit we extend is generally unsecured and due on demand. we will extend casino credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources, in the opinion of management, warrant such an extension. the collectability of receivables from international customers could be negatively affected by future business or economic trends or by significant events in the countries in which these customers reside.
macau operations. although the law in macau permits casino operators to extend credit to gaming customers, our macau operations may not be able to collect all of its gaming receivables from its credit players. we expect that our macau operations will be able to enforce these obligations only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macau. to the extent our gaming customers are visitors from other jurisdictions, we may not have access to a forum in which we will be able to collect all of our gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and we may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
currently, the gaming tax in macau is calculated as a percentage of gross gaming revenue, including the face value of credit instruments issued. as a result, if we extend credit to our customers in macau and are unable to collect on the related receivables from them, we remain obligated to pay taxes on the full amount of the credit instrument.
las vegas operations and encore boston harbor. while gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," are enforceable under the current laws of nevada and massachusetts, and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states of the united states under the full faith and credit clause of the united states constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that direct or indirect enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the united states of foreign debtors may be used to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from u.s. courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations. we cannot assure that we will be able to collect the full amount of gaming debts owed to us, even in jurisdictions that enforce them. changes in economic conditions may make it more difficult to assess creditworthiness and more difficult to collect the full amount of any gaming debt owed to us. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. in addition to the element of chance, win rates are also affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played, the amount of time played and undiscovered acts of fraud or cheating. our gross gaming revenues are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming customers. since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming customers.
acts of fraud or cheating through the use of counterfeit chips, covert schemes and other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees, may be attempted or committed by our gaming customers with the aim of increasing their winnings. our
21
gaming customers, visitors and employees may also commit crimes such as theft in order to obtain chips not belonging to them. we have taken measures to safeguard our interests including the implementation of systems, processes and technologies to mitigate against these risks, extensive employee training, surveillance, security and investigation operations and adoption of appropriate security features on our chips such as embedded radio frequency identification tags. despite our efforts, we may not be successful in preventing or detecting such culpable behavior and schemes in a timely manner and the relevant insurance we have obtained may not be sufficient to cover our losses depending on the incident, which could result in losses to our gaming operations and generate negative publicity, both of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, premium gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter.
our new projects may not be successful.
in addition to the construction and regulatory risks associated with our current and future construction projects, we cannot assure you that the level of consumer demand for our casino resorts or for the type of luxury amenities that we will offer will meet our expectations. the operating results of our new projects may be materially different than the operating results of our current integrated resorts due to, among other reasons, differences in consumer and corporate spending and preferences in new geographic areas, increased competition from other markets or other developments that may be beyond our control. in addition, our new projects may be more sensitive to certain risks, including risks associated with downturns in the economy, than the resorts we currently operate. the demands imposed by new developments on our managerial, operational and other resources may impact our operation of our existing resorts. if any of these issues were to occur, it could adversely affect our prospects, financial condition, or results of operations.
we could encounter higher than expected cost increases in the development of our projects.
the projected development costs for our projects reflect our best estimates and the actual development costs may be higher than expected. contingencies that have been set aside by us to cover potential cost overruns or potential delays may be insufficient to cover the full amount of such overruns or delays. if these contingencies are not sufficient to cover these costs, or if we are not able to recover damages for these delays and contingencies, we may not have the funds required to pay the excess costs and this project may not be completed. failure to complete this project may negatively affect our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to pay our debt.
construction projects will be subject to development and construction risks, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
major construction projects of the scope and scale of our resorts entail significant risks, including:
•unanticipated cost increases;
•shortages of, and price increases in, materials or skilled labor;
•changes to plans and specifications;
•delays in obtaining or inability to obtain requisite licenses, permits and authorizations from regulatory authorities;
•changes in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations, applicable to gaming, leisure, real estate development or construction projects;
•unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems;
•labor disputes or work stoppages;
•disputes with and defaults by contractors and subcontractors;
•personal injuries to workers and other persons;
•environment, health and safety issues, including site accidents;
•delays or interference from severe weather or natural disasters;
•geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems; and
•unavailability of construction equipment.
construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite licenses, permits and authorizations from regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay or prevent the construction or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of our projects.
22
we anticipate that only some of the subcontractors engaged for these projects will post bonds guaranteeing timely completion of the subcontractor's work and payment for all of that subcontractor's labor and materials. these bonds may not be adequate to ensure completion of the work.
our facilities currently under development may not commence operations on schedule and construction costs for the projects may exceed budgeted amounts. failure to complete the projects on schedule or within budget may have a significant negative effect on us and on our ability to make payments on our debt.
any violation of applicable anti-money laundering laws, regulations or the foreign corrupt practices act or sanctions could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
we deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various jurisdictions' reporting and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. both u.s. and macau governmental authorities focus heavily on the gaming industry and compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations. from time to time, the company receives governmental and regulatory inquiries about compliance with such laws and regulations. the company cooperates with all such inquiries. any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
further, we have operations, and a significant portion of our revenue is derived outside of the united states. we are therefore subject to regulations imposed by the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws that generally prohibit u.s. companies and their intermediaries from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. violations of the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties, and the sec and u.s. department of justice have increased their enforcement activities with respect to such laws and regulations. the office of foreign assets control and the commerce department administer and enforce economic and trade sanctions based on u.s. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign states, organizations, and individuals. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
internal control policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs that we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in prohibiting our directors, employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing our policies and the law. if we or our directors, employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or company policies governing our operations, the company may face investigations, prosecutions and other legal proceedings and actions, which could result in civil penalties, administrative remedies and criminal sanctions. any such government investigations, prosecutions or other legal proceedings or actions could adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.
because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities.
we have incurred costs to comply with environmental requirements, such as those relating to discharges into the air, water and land, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and the cleanup of properties affected by hazardous substances. under these and other environmental requirements we may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at our property. as an owner or operator, we could also be held responsible to a governmental entity or third parties for property damage, personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs incurred by them in connection with any contamination.
these laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. the liability under those laws has been interpreted to be joint and several unless the harm is divisible and there is a reasonable basis for allocation of the responsibility. the costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial, and the presence of those substances, or the failure to remediate a property properly, may impair our ability to use our property.
contamination has been identified at and in the vicinity of our site in everett, massachusetts. the ultimate cost of remediating contaminated sites is difficult to accurately predict and we exceeded our initial estimates. we may be required to conduct additional investigations and remediation with respect to this site. as a result, we also could incur material costs in excess of our estimates as a result of additional cleanup obligations imposed or contamination identified in the future. however,
23
the environmental laws under which we operate are complicated and often increasingly more stringent, and may be applied retroactively. although our proposed expenditures related to environmental matters are not currently expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, we may be required to make additional expenditures to remain in, or to achieve compliance with, environmental laws in the future.
adverse incidents or adverse publicity concerning our resorts or our corporate responsibilities could harm our brand and reputation and negatively impact our financial results.
our reputation and the value of our brand, including the perception held by our customers, business partners, other key stakeholders and the communities in which we do business, are important assets. our business faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance activities, and risk of damage to our reputation and the value of our brands if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, sustainability, workplace conduct, human rights, philanthropy, and support for local communities. any harm to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows.
compliance with changing laws and regulations may result in additional expenses and compliance risks.
changing laws and regulations are creating uncertainty for gaming companies. these changing laws and regulations are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, recent issuance and/or lack of guidance. as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. in addition, further regulation of casinos, financial institutions and public companies is possible. this could result in continuing uncertainty and higher costs regarding compliance matters. due to our commitment to maintain high standards of compliance with laws and public disclosure, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in increased general and administrative expense. in addition, we are subject to different parties' interpretation of our compliance with these new and changing laws and regulations.
we are subject to taxation by various governments and agencies. the rate of taxation could change.
we are subject to taxation by various governments and agencies, both in the u.s. and in macau. changes in the laws and regulations related to taxation, including changes in the rates of taxation, the amount of taxes we owe and the time when income is subject to taxation, our ability to claim u.s. foreign tax credits, failure to renew our macau dividend agreement and macau income tax exemption on gaming profits and the imposition of foreign withholding taxes could change our overall effective rate of taxation.
system failure, information leakage and the cost of maintaining sufficient cybersecurity could adversely affect our business.
we rely on information technology and other systems (including those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services) to maintain and transmit large volumes of customer financial information, credit card settlements, credit card funds transmissions, mailing lists and reservations information and other personally identifiable information. we also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. the systems and processes we have implemented to protect customers, employees and company information are subject to the ever-changing risk of compromised security. these risks include cyber and physical security breaches, system failure, computer viruses, and negligent or intentional misuse by customers, company employees, or employees of third-party vendors. the steps we take to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful and our insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations.
despite the security measures we currently have in place, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, phishing attacks, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors and other events. cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly more difficult to anticipate and prevent due to their rapidly evolving nature and, as a result, the technology we use to protect our systems from being breached or compromised could become outdated due to advances in computer capabilities or other technological developments.
any perceived or actual electronic or physical security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information, including penetration of our network security, whether by us or
24
by a third party, could disrupt our business, damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers or employees, expose us to risks of litigation, significant fines and penalties and liability, result in the deterioration of our customers' and employees' confidence in us, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. since we do not control third-party service providers and cannot guarantee that no electronic or physical computer break-ins and security breaches will occur in the future, any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our employees, customers or website visitors could harm our reputation and credibility and reduce our ability to attract and retain employees and customers. as these threats develop and grow, we may find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and our infrastructure, including the implementation of new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems, deployment of additional personnel and protection-related technologies, engagement of third-party consultants, and training of employees. the occurrence of any of the cyber incidents described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
the failure to protect the integrity and security of company employee and customer information could result in damage to reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data.
our business uses and transmits large volumes of employee and customer data, including credit card numbers and other personal information in various information systems that we maintain in areas such as human resources outsourcing, website hosting, and various forms of electronic communications. our customers and employees have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. our collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations, and privacy law is an area that changes often and varies significantly by jurisdiction. for example, the european union (eu)'s general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which became effective in may 2018 and replaced the old data protection laws of each eu member state, requires companies to meet new and more stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data. the gdpr captures data processing by non-eu firms with no eu establishment as long as firms' processing relates to "offering goods or services" or the "monitoring" of individuals in the eu. in addition to governmental regulations, there are credit card industry standards or other applicable data security standards we must comply with as well. compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests. in addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us) or a breach of security on systems storing our data may result in damage of reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. for example, failure to meet the gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. any misappropriation of confidential or personally identifiable information gathered, stored or used by us, be it intentional or accidental, could have a material impact on the operation of our business, including severely damaging our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees and investors.
our business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are disrupted or cease to operate effectively.
we are dependent on our computer systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate our business, including processing payments, accounting for and reporting financial results, and managing our employees and employee benefit programs. given the complexity of our business, it is imperative that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer hardware and software systems. despite our preventative efforts, our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things, security breaches, computer viruses, technical malfunctions, inadequate system capacity, power outages, natural disasters, and usage errors by our employees or third-party consultants. if our information technology systems become damaged or otherwise cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to repair or replace them. additionally, confidential or sensitive data related to our customers or employees could be lost or compromised. any material disruptions in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
if a third party successfully challenges our ownership of, or right to use, the wynn-related trademarks and/or service marks, our business or results of operations could be harmed.
our intellectual property assets, especially the logo version of "wynn," are among our most valuable assets. we have filed applications with the pto and with various foreign patent and trademark registries including registries in macau, china, hong kong, singapore, taiwan, japan, certain european countries and various other jurisdictions throughout the world, to register a variety of wynn-related trademarks and service marks in connection with a variety of goods and services. these marks include "wynn resorts," "wynn design and development," "wynn las vegas," "wynn macau," "wynn palace," "encore," and "encore boston harbor." some of the applications are based upon ongoing use and others are based upon a bona fide intent to use the marks in the future.
25
a common element of most of these marks is the use of the surname "wynn." as a general rule, a surname (or the portion of a mark primarily constituting a surname) is not eligible for registration unless the surname has acquired "secondary meaning." to date, we have been successful in demonstrating to the pto such secondary meaning for the wynn name, in certain of the applications, based upon factors including mr. wynn's historical prominence as a resort developer, but we cannot assure you that we will be successful with the other pending applications.
federal registrations are not completely dispositive of the right to such marks. third parties who claim prior rights with respect to similar marks may nonetheless challenge our right to obtain registrations or our use of the marks and seek to overcome the presumptions afforded by such registrations.
furthermore, due to the increased use of technology in computerized gaming machines and in business operations generally, other forms of intellectual property rights (such as patents and copyrights) are becoming of increased relevance. it is possible that, in the future, third parties might assert superior intellectual property rights or allege that their intellectual property rights cover some aspect of our operations. the defense of such allegations may result in substantial expenses, and, if such claims are successfully prosecuted, may have a material impact on our business. there has been an increase in the international operation of fraudulent online gambling and investment websites attempting to scam and defraud members of the public. we do not offer online gambling or investment accounts. websites offering these or similar activities and opportunities that use our names or similar names or images in likeness to ours, are doing so without our authorization and possibly unlawfully and with criminal intent. if our efforts to cause these sites to be shut down through civil action and by reporting these sites to the appropriate authorities (where applicable) are unsuccessful or not timely completed, these unauthorized activities may continue and harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. efforts we take to acquire and protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized use throughout the world, which may include retaining counsel and commencing litigation in various jurisdictions, may be costly and may not be successful in protecting and preserving the status and value of our intellectual property assets.
labor actions and other labor problems could negatively impact our operations.
some of our employees are represented by labor unions. from time to time, we have experienced attempts by labor organizations to organize certain of our non-union employees. these efforts have achieved some success to date. we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience additional and successful union activity in the future. the impact of any union activity is undetermined and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that we could suffer, including losses resulting from terrorism, and our insurance costs may increase.
we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. however, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.
market forces beyond our control may limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain in the future or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain catastrophic losses may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, if we suffer such a catastrophic loss, we may not be successful in obtaining future insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. furthermore, our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements, which would negatively affect our business and financial condition.
26
risks associated with our macau operations our macau operations may be affected by adverse political and economic conditions.
our macau operations are subject to significant political, economic and social risks inherent in doing business in an emerging market. the future success of our macau operations will depend on political and economic conditions in macau and mainland china. for example, fiscal decline, international relations, and civil, domestic or international unrest in macau, china or the surrounding region could significantly harm our business, not only by reducing customer demand for casino resorts, but also by increasing the risk of imposition of taxes and exchange controls or other governmental restrictions, laws or regulations that might impede our macau operations or our ability to repatriate funds.
revenues from our macau gaming operations will end if we cannot secure an extension or renewal of our concession, or a new concession, by june 26, 2022, or if the macau government exercises its redemption right.
the term of our concession agreement with the macau government ends on june 26, 2022. unless the term of our concession agreement is extended or our concession is renewed, subject to any separate arrangement with the macau government, all of our gaming operations and related equipment in macau will be automatically transferred to the macau government without compensation to us and we will cease to generate any revenues from these operations at the end of the term of our concession agreement. the macau government has publicly commented that it is studying the process by which concessions and subconcessions may be renewed, extended or issued. effective june 2017, the macau government may redeem our concession agreement by providing us at least one year's prior notice. in the event the macau government exercises this redemption right, we are entitled to fair compensation or indemnity. the amount of such compensation or indemnity will be determined based on the amount of revenue generated during the tax year prior to the redemption multiplied by the remaining years under our concession. we are considering various options to place us in a good position for the renewal, extension or application process; however, we may not be able to extend our concession agreement or renew our concession or obtain a new concession on terms favorable to us or at all. if our concession is redeemed, the compensation paid to us may not be adequate to compensate us for the loss of future revenues. the redemption of or failure to extend or renew our concession or obtain a new concession would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we compete for limited labor resources in macau and macau government policies may also affect our ability to employ imported labor.
the success of our operations in macau will be affected by our success in hiring and retaining employees. we compete with a large number of casino resorts in macau for a limited number of qualified employees. in addition, the macau government requires that we only hire macau residents as dealers in our casinos. competition for these individuals in macau has increased and will continue to increase as other competitors expand their operations. we have to seek employees from outside macau to adequately staff our resorts and certain macau government policies affect our ability to import labor in certain job classifications. despite our coordination with the macau labor and immigration authorities to assure that our labor needs are satisfied, we may not be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees for our operations or obtain required work permits for those employees. if we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing and planned casino and resort properties in macau could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the smoking control legislation in macau could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
under the macau smoking prevention and tobacco control law, as of january 1, 2019, smoking on casino premises is only permitted in authorized segregated smoking lounges with no gaming activities and such smoking lounges are required to comply with the conditions set out in the regulations. the existing smoking legislation, and any smoking legislation intended to fully ban all smoking in casinos, may deter potential gaming customers who are smokers from frequenting casinos in macau and disrupt the number of patrons visiting or the amount of time visiting patrons spend at our property, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
27
macau may not have adequate transportation services, infrastructure and related facilities to accommodate the demand of visitors to macau.
transportation services, infrastructure and related facilities within macau and between macau, hong kong and mainland china may need to be expanded to accommodate the increased visitation to macau driven by additional casino projects and attractions that are under construction and to be developed in the future as well as the opening of the hong kong-zhuhai-macau bridge which may further strain existing transportation infrastructure. if transportation facilities to and from macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of gaming customers visiting macau, the desirability of macau as a gaming destination, as well as the results of operations of our macau operations, could be negatively impacted. furthermore, construction of current and future casino and infrastructure projects, adjacent to our properties could impede access to our properties during construction and development. this may negatively impact the results of our macau operations.
extreme weather conditions may have an adverse impact on our macau operations.
macau's subtropical climate and location on the south china sea are subject to extreme weather conditions including typhoons and heavy rainstorms, such as typhoon mangkhut in 2018 and typhoon hato in 2017. unfavorable weather conditions could negatively affect the profitability of our resorts and prevent or discourage guests from traveling to macau. the occurrence and timing of such events cannot be predicted or controlled by us and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
if our macau operations fail to comply with the concession agreement, the macau government can terminate our concession without compensation to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
the macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate our concession in the event of our material non-compliance with the basic obligations under the concession and applicable macau laws. the concession agreement expressly provides that the government of macau may unilaterally rescind the concession agreement of our macau operations if it:
•conducts unauthorized games or activities that are excluded from its corporate purpose;
•suspends gaming operations in macau for more than seven consecutive days (or more than 14 days in a civil year) without justification;
•defaults in payment of taxes, premiums, contributions or other required amounts;
•does not comply with government inspections or supervision;
•systematically fails to observe its obligations under the concession system;
•fails to maintain bank guarantees or bonds satisfactory to the government;
•is the subject of bankruptcy proceedings or becomes insolvent;
•engages in serious fraudulent activity, damaging to the public interest; or
•repeatedly violates applicable gaming laws.
if the government of macau unilaterally rescinds the concession agreement, our macau operations will be required to compensate the government in accordance with applicable law, and the areas defined as casino space under macau law and all of the gaming equipment pertaining to our gaming operations will be transferred to the government without compensation. the loss of our concession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in macau, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
certain nevada gaming laws apply to our macau operations' gaming activities and associations.
certain nevada gaming laws also apply to gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions outside the state of nevada. with respect to our macau operations, we and our subsidiaries that must be licensed to conduct gaming operations in nevada are required to comply with certain reporting requirements concerning gaming activities and associations in macau conducted by our macau-related subsidiaries. we and our licensed nevada subsidiaries also will be subject to disciplinary action by the ngc if our macau-related subsidiaries:
•knowingly violate any macau laws relating to their macau gaming operations;
•fail to conduct our macau operations in accordance with the standards of honesty and integrity required of nevada gaming operations;
•engage in any activity or enter into any association that is unsuitable for us because it poses an unreasonable threat to the control of gaming in nevada, reflects or tends to reflect discredit or disrepute upon the state of
28
nevada or gaming in nevada, or is contrary to nevada gaming policies;
•engage in any activity or enter into any association that interferes with the ability of the state of nevada to collect gaming taxes and fees; or
•employ, contract with or associate with any person in the foreign gaming operation who has been denied a license or a finding of suitability in nevada on the ground of unsuitability, or who has been found guilty of cheating at gambling.
such disciplinary action could include suspension, conditioning, limitation or revocation of the registration, licenses or approvals held by us and our licensed nevada subsidiaries, including wynn las vegas, llc, and the imposition of substantial fines.
in addition, if the nevada gaming control board determines that any actual or intended activities or associations of our macau-related subsidiaries may be prohibited pursuant to one or more of the standards described above, the nevada gaming control board can require us and our licensed nevada subsidiaries to file an application with the ngc for a finding of suitability of the activity or association. if the ngc finds that the activity or association in macau is unsuitable or prohibited, our macau-related subsidiaries will either be required to terminate the activity or association, or will be prohibited from undertaking the activity or association. consequently, should the ngc find that our macau-related subsidiary's gaming activities or associations in macau are unsuitable, those subsidiaries may be prohibited from undertaking their planned gaming activities or associations in macau, or be required to divest their investment in macau, possibly on unfavorable terms.
we depend upon gaming promoters for a significant portion of our gaming revenue. if we are unable to maintain, or develop additional, successful relationships with reputable gaming promoters, our ability to maintain or grow our gaming revenues could be adversely affected.
we may lose the clientele of our gaming promoters, who generate a significant portion of our gaming revenue. there is intense competition among casino operators in macau for services provided by gaming promoters, which has intensified as additional casinos open in macau. if we are unable to maintain, or develop additional, successful relationships with reputable gaming promoters, or lose a significant number of our gaming promoters to our competitors, our ability to maintain or grow our gaming revenues will be adversely affected and we will have to seek alternative ways of developing relationships with vip customers. in addition, if our gaming promoters are unable to develop or maintain relationships with our vip customers, our ability to maintain or grow our gaming revenues will be hampered.
the financial resources of our gaming promoters may be insufficient to allow them to continue doing business in macau which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. our gaming promoters may experience difficulty in attracting patrons.
economic and political factors in the region may cause our gaming promoters to experience difficulties in their macau operations, including intensified competition in attracting patrons to come to macau. further, gaming promoters may face a decrease in liquidity, limiting their ability to grant credit to their patrons, and difficulties in collecting credit they extended previously. the inability to attract sufficient patrons, grant credit and collect amounts due in a timely manner may negatively affect our gaming promoters' operations, causing gaming promoters to wind up or liquidate their operations or resulting in some of our gaming promoters leaving macau. current and any future difficulties could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
increased competition for the services of gaming promoters may require us to pay increased commission rates to gaming promoters.
certain gaming promoters have significant leverage and bargaining strength in negotiating operational agreements with casino operators. this leverage could result in gaming promoters negotiating changes to our operational agreements, including higher commissions, or the loss of business to a competitor or the loss of certain relationships with gaming promoters. if we need to increase our commission rates or otherwise change our practices with respect to gaming promoters due to competitive forces, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
29
failure by the gaming promoters with whom we work to comply with macau gaming laws and high standards of probity and integrity might affect our reputation and ability to comply with the requirements of our concession, macau gaming laws and other gaming licenses.
the reputations and probity of the gaming promoters with whom we work are important to our own reputation and to our ability to operate in compliance with our concession, macau gaming laws and other gaming licenses. we conduct periodic reviews of the probity and compliance programs of our gaming promoters. however, we are not able to control our gaming promoters' compliance with these high standards of probity and integrity, and our gaming promoters may violate provisions in their contracts with us designed to ensure such compliance. in addition, if we enter into a new business relationship with a gaming promoter whose probity is in doubt, this may be considered by regulators or investors to reflect negatively on our own probity. if our gaming promoters are unable to maintain required standards of probity and integrity, we may face consequences from gaming regulators with authority over our operations. furthermore, if any of our gaming promoters violate the macau gaming laws while on our premises, the macau government may, in its discretion, take enforcement action against us, the gaming promoter, or each concurrently, and we may be sanctioned and our reputation could be harmed.
unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates may increase our macau operations' obligations under the concession agreement and cause fluctuations in the value of our investment in macau.
the currency delineated in our macau operations' concession agreement with the government of macau is the macau pataca. the macau pataca is linked to the hong kong dollar, and the two are often used interchangeably in macau. the hong kong dollar is linked to the u.s. dollar and the exchange rate between these two currencies has remained relatively stable over the past several years. however, the exchange linkages of the hong kong dollar and the macau pataca, and the hong kong dollar and the u.s. dollar, are subject to potential changes due to changes in chinese governmental policies and international economic and political developments.
if the hong kong dollar and the macau pataca are no longer linked to the u.s. dollar, the exchange rate for these currencies may severely fluctuate. the current rate of exchange fixed by the applicable monetary authorities for these currencies may also change.
because many of our macau operations' payment and expenditure obligations are in macau patacas, in the event of unfavorable macau pataca or hong kong dollar rate changes, our macau operations' obligations, as denominated in u.s. dollars, would increase. in addition, because we expect that most of the revenues for any casino that we operate in macau will be in hong kong dollars, we are subject to foreign exchange risk with respect to the exchange rate between the hong kong dollar and the u.s. dollar. also, if any of our macau-related entities incur u.s. dollar-denominated debt, fluctuations in the exchange rates of the macau pataca or the hong kong dollar, in relation to the u.s. dollar, could have adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to service our debt.
currency exchange controls and currency export restrictions could negatively impact our macau operations.
currency exchange controls and restrictions on the export of currency by certain countries may negatively impact the success of our macau operations. for example, there are currently existing currency exchange controls and restrictions on the export of the renminbi, the currency of china. restrictions on the export of the renminbi may impede the flow of gaming customers from china to macau, inhibit the growth of gaming in macau and negatively impact our macau operations.
our macau subsidiaries' indebtedness is secured by a substantial portion of their assets.
subject to applicable laws, including gaming laws, and certain agreed upon exceptions, our macau subsidiaries' debt is secured by liens on substantially all of their assets. in the event of a default by such subsidiaries under their financing documents, or if such subsidiaries experience insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, the holders of such secured debt would first be entitled to payment from their collateral security, and then would the holders of our macau subsidiaries' unsecured debt be entitled to payment from their remaining assets, and only then would we, as a holder of capital stock, be entitled to distribution of any remaining assets.
30
conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of wynn macau, limited.
wynn macau, limited, an indirect majority owned subsidiary of wynn resorts and the developer, owner and operator of wynn macau and wynn palace, listed its ordinary shares of common stock on the stock exchange of hong kong limited in october 2009. as of december 31, 2019, wynn resorts owns approximately 72% of wynn macau, limited's ordinary shares of common stock. as a result of wynn macau, limited having stockholders who are not affiliated with us, we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of wynn macau, limited may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of wynn macau, limited. decisions that could have different implications for wynn resorts and wynn macau, limited, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with wynn macau, limited, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest.
the macau government has established a maximum number of gaming tables that can be operated in macau and has limited the number of new gaming tables at new gaming areas in macau.
in connection with the opening of wynn palace, the dicj authorized 100 new table games for operation at wynn palace, with 25 additional table games authorized for operation on january 1, 2017, and a further 25 new table games for operation on january 1, 2018, for a total of 150 new table games in the aggregate. in addition, we have and will continue to transfer table games between wynn palace and wynn macau, subject to the aggregate cap. as of december 31, 2019, we had a total of 323 table games at wynn palace and 322 at wynn macau. the mix of table games in operation at wynn palace and wynn macau changes from time to time as a result of marketing and operating strategies in response to changing market demand and industry competition. failure to shift the mix of our table games in anticipation of market demands and industry trends may negatively impact our operating results.
risks related to share ownership and stockholder matters our largest stockholders are able to exert significant influence over our operations and future direction.
as of december 31, 2019, elaine p. wynn was our fourth largest shareholder and owned 9,539,077 shares, or approximately 9%, of our outstanding common stock. as a result, elaine p. wynn may be able to exert significant influence over all matters requiring our stockholders' approval, including the approval of significant corporate transactions.
on august 3, 2018, we entered into a cooperation agreement (the "cooperation agreement") with elaine p. wynn regarding the composition of the company's board of directors and certain other matters, including, among other things, the appointment of mr. philip g. satre to the company's board of directors, standstill restrictions, releases, non-disparagement and reimbursement of expenses. the term of the cooperation agreement expires on the later of (i) the date that phil satre no longer serves as chair of the board and (ii) the day after the conclusion of the 2020 annual meeting of the company's stockholders, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the circumstances described in the cooperation agreement.
our stock price may be volatile.
the trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as general united states, china, and world economic and financial conditions, our own quarterly variations in operating results, increased competition, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, changes in applicable laws or regulations, and changes affecting the travel industry, and other events impacting our business. the stock market in general, and prices for companies in our industry in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that may be unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. these broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
31
risks related to our indebtedness we are highly leveraged and future cash flow may not be sufficient for us to meet our obligations, and we might have difficulty obtaining more financing.
we have a substantial amount of consolidated debt in relation to our equity. as of december 31, 2019, we had total outstanding debt of approximately $10.52 billion, which includes a portion of the funds we expect to need for the development and construction of our current projects. we may, however, incur additional indebtedness in connection with the construction of these projects. see item 1-business "our resorts." in addition, we are permitted to incur additional indebtedness if certain conditions are met, including conditions under our wynn macau credit facilities, our wrf credit facilities, and our indentures in connection with other future potential development plans.
our indebtedness could have important consequences. for example:
•failure to meet our payment obligations or other obligations could result in acceleration of our indebtedness, foreclosure upon our assets that serve as collateral or bankruptcy and trigger cross defaults under other agreements;
•servicing our indebtedness requires a substantial portion of our cash flow from our operations and reduces the amount of available cash, if any, to fund working capital and other cash requirements or pay for other capital expenditures;
•we may not be able to obtain additional financing, if needed; and
•rates with respect to a portion of the interest we pay will fluctuate with market rates and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase if market interest rates increase.
the interest rates of certain of our credit agreements are tied to the london interbank offered rate, or libor. in july 2017, the head of the united kingdom financial conduct authority announced the desire to phase out the use of libor by the end of 2021. in addition, the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of large us financial institutions, is considering replacing u.s. dollar libor with the secured overnight financing rate, or sofr, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by treasury securities. although there have been a few issuances utilizing sofr or the sterling over night index average, an alternative reference rate that is based on transactions, it is unknown whether these alternative reference rates will attain market acceptance as replacements for libor. if libor ceases to exist, we may need to renegotiate any of our credit agreements extending beyond 2021 that utilize libor as a factor in determining the interest rate to replace libor with the new standard that is established. there is currently no definitive information regarding the future utilization of libor or of any particular replacement rate. as such, the potential effect of any such event could have on our business and financial condition cannot yet be determined.
under the terms of the documents governing our debt facilities, subject to certain limitations, we are permitted to incur indebtedness. if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks described above will be exacerbated.
the agreements governing our debt facilities contain certain covenants that restrict our ability to engage in certain transactions and may impair our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions.
some of our debt facilities require us to satisfy various financial covenants, which include requirements for minimum interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios pertaining to total debt to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and a minimum earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization. for more information on financial covenants we are subject to under our debt facilities, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 7, "long-term debt." future indebtedness or other contracts could contain covenants more restrictive than those contained in our existing debt facilities.
the agreements governing our debt facilities also contain restrictions on our ability to engage in certain transactions and may limit our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions. these restrictions include, among other things, limitations on our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to:
•pay dividends or distributions or repurchase equity;
•incur additional debt;
•make investments;
•create liens on assets to secure debt;
32
•enter into transactions with affiliates;
•issue stock of, or member's interests in, subsidiaries;
•enter into sale-leaseback transactions;
•engage in other businesses;
•merge or consolidate with another company;
•undergo a change of control;
•transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of assets;
•issue disqualified stock;
•create dividend and other payment restrictions affecting subsidiaries; and
•designate restricted and unrestricted subsidiaries.
our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding facilities may be affected by general economic conditions, industry conditions and other events outside of our control. as a result, we may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants. if our properties' operations fail to generate adequate cash flow, we may violate those covenants, causing a default under our agreements, which would materially and adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition or result in our lenders or holders of our debt taking action to enforce their security interests in our various assets or cause all outstanding amounts to be due and payable immediately.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
discussion of 2017 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018.
overview we are a designer, developer, and operator of integrated resorts featuring luxury hotel rooms, high-end retail space, an array of dining and entertainment options, meeting and convention facilities, and gaming, all supported by an unparalleled focus on our guests, our people, and our community. through our approximately 72% ownership of wml, we operate two integrated resorts in the macau special administrative region of the people's republic of china ("macau"), wynn palace and wynn macau (collectively, our "macau operations"). in las vegas, nevada, we operate and, with the exception of certain retail space, own 100% of wynn las vegas, which we also refer to as our las vegas operations. on june 23, 2019, we opened encore boston harbor, an integrated resort in everett, massachusetts.
recent developments in january 2020, an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus, covid-19, was identified in wuhan, china. currently, no fully effective vaccines have been developed and there can be no assurance that an effective vaccine can be discovered in time to protect against a potential pandemic.
in response, on february 4, 2020, the macau government announced the closure of all casino operations in macau, including those at wynn palace and wynn macau, for a period of 15 days. on february 20, 2020, our casino operations at wynn palace and wynn macau reopened on a reduced basis, and are expected to fully reopen by march 20, 2020 (the deadline set by the macau government for macau casinos to fully reopen). since reopening, all casinos in macau are subject to a number of government procedures which address the health and safety of staff and patrons, including limitations on the spacing of open tables and slot machines to ensure adequate distance between people, stopping patrons from congregating together, limiting the number of players and spectators at a table to three to four, temperature checks, mask protection, and health declarations.
visitation to macau has fallen precipitously since the outbreak of coronavirus, driven by the chinese government's suspension of its visa and group tour schemes that allow mainland chinese residents to travel to macau, quarantines in certain cities in mainland china, and the suspension by the hong kong government of ferry service from hong kong to macau until further notice.
the us government has put in place restrictions on travel to the us from mainland china, and could expand the restrictions. a significant portion of our us business relies on the willingness and ability of premium international customers to travel to the us, including from mainland china. as such, our las vegas operations and operations at encore boston harbor may also be adversely impacted.
the coronavirus outbreak has had and will have an adverse effect on our results of operations. given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation of the coronavirus and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact to our future results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
key operating measures certain key operating measures specific to the gaming industry are included in our discussion of our operational performance for the periods for which the consolidated statements of income are presented. these key operating measures are presented as supplemental disclosures because management and/or certain investors use these measures to better understand period-over-period fluctuations in our casino and hotel operating revenues. these key operating measures are defined below:
•table drop in mass market for our macau operations is the amount of cash that is deposited in a gaming table's drop box plus cash chips purchased at the casino cage.
38
•table drop for our las vegas operations is the amount of cash and net markers issued that are deposited in a gaming table's drop box.
•table drop for encore boston harbor is the amount of cash and gross markers issued that are deposited in a gaming table's drop box.
•rolling chips are non-negotiable identifiable chips that are used to track turnover for purposes of calculating incentives within our macau operations' vip program.
•turnover is the sum of all losing rolling chip wagers within our macau operations' vip program.
•table games win is the amount of table drop or turnover that is retained and recorded as casino revenues. table games win is before discounts, commissions and the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis. table games win does not include poker rake.
•slot machine win is the amount of handle (representing the total amount wagered) that is retained by us and is recorded as casino revenues. slot machine win is after adjustment for progressive accruals and free play, but before discounts and the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis.
•poker rake is the portion of cash wagered by patrons in our poker rooms that is retained by the casino as a service fee, after adjustment for progressive accruals, but before the allocation of casino revenues to rooms, food and beverage and other revenues for services provided to casino customers on a complimentary basis. poker tables are not included in our measure of average number of table games.
•average daily rate ("adr") is calculated by dividing total room revenues, including complimentaries (less service charges, if any), by total rooms occupied.
•revenue per available room ("revpar") is calculated by dividing total room revenues, including complimentaries (less service charges, if any), by total rooms available.
•occupancy is calculated by dividing total occupied rooms, including complimentary rooms, by the total rooms available.
below is a discussion of the methodologies used to calculate win percentages at our resorts.
in our vip operations in macau, customers primarily purchase rolling chips from the casino cage and can only use them to make wagers. winning wagers are paid in cash chips. the loss of the rolling chips in the vip operations is recorded as turnover and provides a base for calculating vip win percentage. it is customary in macau to measure vip play using this rolling chip method. we expect our win as a percentage of turnover from these operations to be within the range of 2.7% to 3.0%.
in our mass market operations in macau, customers may purchase cash chips at either the gaming tables or at the casino cage. the measurements from our vip and mass market operations are not comparable as the measurement method used in our mass market operations tracks the initial purchase of chips at the table and at the casino cage, while the measurement method from our vip operations tracks the sum of all losing wagers. accordingly, the base measurement from the vip operations is much larger than the base measurement from the mass market operations. as a result, the expected win percentage with the same amount of gaming win is lower in the vip operations when compared to the mass market operations.
in las vegas, customers purchase chips at the gaming tables in exchange for cash and markers. customers may then redeem markers at the gaming tables or at the casino cage. the cash and markers, net of redemptions, used to purchase chips are deposited in the gaming table's drop box. this is the base of measurement that we use for calculating win percentage. each type of table game has its own theoretical win percentage. our expected table games win percentage is 22% to 26%.
at encore boston harbor, customers purchase chips at the gaming tables in exchange for cash and markers. customers may then redeem markers only at the casino cage. the cash and gross markers used to purchase chips are deposited in the gaming table's drop box. this is the base of measurement that we use for calculating win percentage. each type of table game has its own theoretical win percentage. our expected table games win percentage is 16% to 20%.
39
results of operations summary annual results the table summarizes our financial results for the periods presented (in thousands, except per share data):
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                                       2018   increase/ (decrease)           percent change operating revenues                                          $6,611,099                          $6,717,660        $(106,561)                       (1.6)
net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited               122,985                             572,430        (449,445)                       (78.5)
diluted net income per share                                      1.15                                5.35        -                                    -
adjusted property ebitda (1)                                 1,815,408                           2,044,413        (229,005)                       (11.2)
(1) see item 8-"financial statements and supplemental data," note 19, "segment information," for a reconciliation of adjusted property ebitda to net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited.
the decrease in operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily driven by decreases of $213.9 million, $224.5 million, and $32.1 million from wynn palace, wynn macau, and our las vegas operations, respectively. operating revenues from encore boston harbor were $363.9 million.
the decrease in net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited for the year ended december 31, 2019 was principally due to a tax provision of $176.8 million recorded in 2019, largely related to an increase in the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets, compared to a net tax benefit of $497.3 million recorded during the year ended december 31, 2018 primarily in connection with u.s. tax reform.
the decrease in adjusted property ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2019 was driven by decreases of $114.4 million, $84.4 million, and $53.4 million from wynn palace, wynn macau, and our las vegas operations, respectively. adjusted property ebitda from encore boston harbor was $23.2 million.
financial results for the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018.
operating revenues the following table presents our operating revenues (in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2019                                                  2018                                    increase/ (decrease)       percent change operating revenues macau operations:
wynn palace                         $2,543,694                          $2,757,566             $(213,872)                  (7.8)
wynn macau                           2,070,029                           2,294,525              (224,496)                  (9.8)
total macau operations               4,613,723                           5,052,091              (438,368)                  (8.7)
las vegas operations                 1,633,457                           1,665,569               (32,112)                  (1.9)
encore boston harbor (1)               363,919                                   -                363,919                      -
$6,611,099                          $6,717,660             $(106,561)                  (1.6)
(1) encore boston harbor opened on june 23, 2019.
40
the following table presents our casino and non-casino operating revenues (in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2019                                                        2018                                    increase/ (decrease)                percent change operating revenues casino revenues                           $4,573,924                          $4,784,990             $(211,066)                           (4.4)
non-casino revenues:
rooms                                        804,162                             751,800                 52,362                             7.0
food and beverage                            818,822                             754,128                 64,694                             8.6
entertainment, retail and other              414,191                             426,742               (12,551)                           (2.9)
total non-casino revenues                  2,037,175                           1,932,670                104,505                             5.4
$6,611,099                          $6,717,660             $(106,561)                           (1.6)
casino revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 were 69.2% of operating revenues, compared to 71.2% for the same period of 2018. non-casino revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019 were 30.8% of operating revenues, compared to 28.8% for the same period of 2018.
41
casino revenues casino revenues decreased primarily due to decreased vip turnover and vip table games win at our macau operations and decreased table drop and table games win at our las vegas operations, partially offset by increased mass market table drop and mass market table games win at our macau operations and casino revenues from encore boston harbor totaling $243.9 million. the table below sets forth our casino revenues and associated key operating measures (dollars in thousands, except for win per unit per day):
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                        2018                        increase/                   percent
(decrease)                    change macau operations:
wynn palace:
total casino revenues                        $2,139,756                          $2,356,022                      $(216,266)                      (9.2)
vip:
average number of table games                       109                                 114                             (5)                      (4.4)
vip turnover                                $45,847,647                         $61,097,527                   $(15,249,880)                     (25.0)
vip table games win                          $1,519,225                          $1,874,189                      $(354,964)                     (18.9)
vip win as a % of turnover                         3.31    %                           3.07    %                       0.24
table games win per unit per day                $38,224                             $45,006                        $(6,782)                     (15.1)
mass market:
average number of table games                       216                                 209                               7                        3.3
table drop                                   $5,122,897                          $4,926,347                        $196,550                        4.0
table games win                              $1,251,920                          $1,206,244                         $45,676                        3.8
table games win %                                  24.4    %                           24.5    %                      (0.1)
table games win per unit per day                $15,902                             $15,834                             $68                        0.4
average number of slot machines                   1,054                               1,065                            (11)                      (1.0)
slot machine handle                          $3,918,554                          $3,933,064                       $(14,510)                      (0.4)
slot machine win                               $195,367                            $203,568                        $(8,201)                      (4.0)
slot machine win per unit per day                  $508                                $524                           $(16)                      (3.1)
wynn macau:
total casino revenues                        $1,796,209                          $1,994,885                      $(198,676)                     (10.0)
vip:
average number of table games                       106                                 111                             (5)                      (4.5)
vip turnover                                $35,426,483                         $57,759,607                   $(22,333,124)                     (38.7)
vip table games win                          $1,081,934                          $1,588,002                      $(506,068)                     (31.9)
vip win as a % of turnover                         3.05    %                           2.75    %                       0.30
table games win per unit per day                $27,864                             $39,113                       $(11,249)                     (28.8)
mass market:
average number of table games                       207                                 203                               4                        2.0
table drop                                   $5,410,439                          $5,058,332                        $352,107                        7.0
table games win                              $1,099,353                          $1,014,484                         $84,869                        8.4
table games win %                                  20.3    %                           20.1    %                        0.2
table games win per unit per day                $14,519                             $13,698                            $821                        6.0
average number of slot machines                     807                                 877                            (70)                      (8.0)
slot machine handle                          $3,545,899                          $3,740,096                      $(194,197)                      (5.2)
slot machine win                               $170,358                            $161,384                          $8,974                        5.6
slot machine win per unit per day                  $578                                $504                             $74                       14.7
poker rake                                      $20,835                             $20,980                          $(145)                      (0.7)
42
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                        2018                      increase/                   percent
(decrease)                    change las vegas operations:
total casino revenues                          $394,104                            $434,083                     $(39,979)                      (9.2)
average number of table games                       236                                 237                           (1)                      (0.4)
table drop                                   $1,690,132                          $1,852,816                    $(162,684)                      (8.8)
table games win                                $395,439                            $456,021                     $(60,582)                     (13.3)
table games win %                                  23.4    %                           24.6   %                     (1.2)
table games win per unit per day                 $4,581                              $5,282                        $(701)                     (13.3)
average number of slot machines                   1,788                               1,822                          (34)                      (1.9)
slot machine handle                          $3,427,820                          $3,237,085                      $190,735                        5.9
slot machine win                               $230,954                            $213,025                       $17,929                        8.4
slot machine win per unit per day                  $354                                $320                           $34                       10.6
poker rake                                      $12,569                             $10,048                        $2,521                       25.1
encore boston harbor (1):
total casino revenues                          $243,855                                  $-                      $243,855                          -
average number of table games                       152                                   -                           152                          -
table drop                                     $778,898                                  $-                      $778,898                          -
table games win                                $151,247                                  $-                      $151,247                          -
table games win %                                  19.4    %                              -   %                      19.4
table games win per unit per day                 $5,178                                  $-                        $5,178                          -
average number of slot machines                   3,023                                   -                         3,023                          -
slot machine handle                          $1,847,080                                  $-                    $1,847,080                          -
slot machine win                               $138,264                                  $-                      $138,264                          -
slot machine win per unit per day                  $238                                  $-                          $238                          -
poker rake                                      $12,324                                  $-                       $12,324                          -
(1) encore boston harbor opened on june 23, 2019.
43
non-casino revenues the table below sets forth our room revenues and associated key operating measures:
years ended december 31,
2019                                                                                             2018                    increase/                percent change
(decrease)
macau operations:
wynn palace:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)            $174,576                          $170,067                      $4,509                          2.7
occupancy                                                 97.2    %                         96.5    %   0.7
adr                                                       $269                              $265                          $4                          1.5
revpar                                                    $262                              $255                          $7                          2.7
wynn macau:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)            $110,387                          $113,495                    $(3,108)                        (2.7)
occupancy                                                 99.2    %                         99.2    %                      -
adr                                                       $286                              $283                          $3                          1.1
revpar                                                    $284                              $281                          $3                          1.1
las vegas operations:
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)            $483,055                          $468,238                     $14,817                          3.2
occupancy                                                 87.5    %                         87.5    %                      -
adr                                                       $325                              $314                         $11                          3.5
revpar                                                    $284                              $274                         $10                          3.6
encore boston harbor (1):
total room revenues (dollars in thousands)             $36,144                                $-                     $36,144                            -
occupancy                                                 72.6    %                            -    %                      -
adr                                                       $391                                $-                        $391                            -
revpar                                                    $284                                $-                        $284                            -
(1) encore boston harbor opened on june 23, 2019.
room revenues increased $52.4 million, primarily due to $36.1 million from encore boston harbor and higher adr at wynn palace and our las vegas operations, partially offset by rooms out of service for renovations at wynn macau during 2019. we completed our encore tower room renovation at wynn macau in the fourth quarter of 2019.
food and beverage revenues increased $64.7 million, primarily due to $61.1 million from encore boston harbor and increased covers at our high-volume restaurants at our macau operations, partially offset by a decrease in food and beverage revenues of $8.3 million at our las vegas operations primarily due to lower revenues from our nightclubs and banquets.
entertainment, retail and other revenues decreased $12.6 million primarily due to the closure of certain owned retail outlets at our macau operations and their conversion to leased outlets during 2019, the effect of which was partially offset by entertainment, retail and other revenues of $22.8 million from encore boston harbor. during the third quarter of 2018, wynn palace and wynn macau recorded business interruption insurance proceeds of $5.4 million and $5.3 million, respectively, related to the full settlement of claims from typhoon hato in 2017.
44
operating expenses the table below presents operating expenses (in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2019                                                        2018                                    increase/ (decrease)                   percent change operating expenses:
casino                                    $2,924,254                          $3,036,907             $(112,653)                              (3.7)
rooms                                        276,095                             254,549                 21,546                                8.5
food and beverage                            696,498                             611,706                 84,792                               13.9
entertainment, retail and other              170,206                             183,113               (12,907)                              (7.0)
general and administrative                   896,670                             761,415                135,255                               17.8
litigation settlement                              -                             463,557              (463,557)                            (100.0)
provision for doubtful accounts               21,898                               6,527                 15,371                              235.5
pre-opening                                  102,009                              53,490                 48,519                               90.7
depreciation and amortization                624,878                             550,596                 74,282                               13.5
property charges and other                    20,286                              60,256               (39,970)                             (66.3)
total operating expenses                  $5,732,794                          $5,982,116             $(249,322)                              (4.2)
total operating expenses decreased $249.3 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily due to a prior year litigation settlement expense of $463.6 million. the decrease was partially offset by operating expenses associated with the opening of encore boston harbor on june 23, 2019.
casino expenses decreased commensurate with the decrease in casino revenues at our macau operations and las vegas operations, partially offset by $141.4 million of casino expenses from encore boston harbor.
room expenses increased primarily due to $17.5 million from encore boston harbor and an increase of $3.0 million from our las vegas operations. the increase at our las vegas operations was primarily driven by increased payroll costs.
food and beverage expenses increased primarily due to $56.7 million from encore boston harbor and increases of $9.4 million, $9.9 million, and $8.8 million at wynn palace, wynn macau and our las vegas operations, respectively. the increases at wynn palace and wynn macau were driven by incremental costs associated with opening new food and beverage outlets at wynn palace and increased cost of goods sold. the increase at our las vegas operations was primarily driven by increased payroll costs.
entertainment, retail and other expenses decreased $12.9 million, primarily due to the closure of certain owned retail outlets at our macau operations and their conversion to leased outlets during 2019.
general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to $117.2 million from encore boston harbor and increases of $1.5 million, $11.6 million, and $3.0 million, at wynn palace, wynn macau, and our las vegas operations, respectively. these increases were primarily attributable to increased payroll costs and property taxes at our macau operations and increased advertising costs at our las vegas operations.
litigation settlement expense of $463.6 million was incurred in the first quarter of 2018 in connection with the repayment of the redemption note for claims related to the allegedly below-market interest rate of the redemption note.
the provision for doubtful accounts increased $11.2 million, $1.3 million and $1.4 million at our las vegas operations, wynn palace, and wynn macau, respectively. the increases were primarily due to the impact of historical collection patterns and current collection trends, as well as the specific review of customer accounts, on our estimated allowance for the respective periods.
for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, pre-opening expenses totaled $102.0 million and $53.5 million, respectively, which primarily related to the development of encore boston harbor.
45
depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to additional depreciation expense of $78.4 million associated with the opening of encore boston harbor.
our property charges and other expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 consisted primarily of asset abandonments and retirements. our property charges and other expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018 included $14.7 million for the write-down of the carrying value to the purchase price of an aircraft we sold and $8.3 million related to employee severance arrangements. we also incurred asset abandonments and retirements of $9.8 million, $11.6 million, $4.4 million, and $9.3 million at wynn palace, wynn macau, our las vegas operations, and corporate and other, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2018.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest the following table summarizes information related to interest expense (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2019                                2018       increase/ (decrease)                percent change interest expense interest cost, including amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount and premium                      $467,946                            $439,157                $28,789                             6.6
capitalized interest                                                                                                      (53,916)                            (57,308)                (3,392)                           (5.9)
$414,030                            $381,849                $32,181                             8.4
weighted average total debt balance                                                                                     $9,287,441                          $9,155,978
weighted average interest rate                                                                                                5.04    %                           4.80    %
interest costs increased due to an increase in the weighted average interest rate. capitalized interest decreased due to the completion of encore boston harbor construction activities on june 23, 2019.
other non-operating income and expenses we recorded a $12.4 million loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2019 related to the refinancing transactions. for more information on the refinancing transactions, see note 7, "long-term debt." we recorded a $0.1 million net gain on extinguishment of debt for the year ended december 31, 2018, related to the repayment of the redemption note, wynn resorts' purchase of $40.0 million of wynn las vegas' 5 1/2% senior notes due 2025 and 5 1/4% senior notes due 2027 and the execution of the supplemental indenture related to wynn las vegas' 4 1/4% senior notes due 2023, offset by a loss on debt extinguishment associated with the amendment of the wynn macau credit facilities.
during the first quarter of 2018, we repaid the $1.94 billion principal amount of the redemption note and recorded a loss of $69.3 million from the change in the fair value of the redemption note.
we incurred a foreign currency remeasurement gain of $15.2 million and loss of $4.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the impact of the exchange rate fluctuation of the macau pataca, in relation to the u.s. dollar, on the remeasurements of u.s. dollar denominated debt and other obligations from our macau-related entities drove the variability between periods.
income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, we recorded a tax provision of $176.8 million and a tax benefit of $497.3 million, respectively. the 2019 income tax expense is primarily related to the increase in the valuation allowance for u.s foreign tax credits and disallowed interest expense carryforwards. the 2018 income tax benefit primarily related to a decrease in the valuation allowance for u.s. foreign tax credits as a result of tax reform.
wynn macau sa received a five-year exemption from the macau complementary tax on casino gaming profits through december 31, 2020. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, we were exempt from the payment of $77.7 million and $96.8 million, respectively, in such taxes. our non-gaming profits remain subject to the macau complementary tax and
46
casino winnings remain subject to the macau special gaming tax and other levies together totaling 39% in accordance with our concession agreement.
in august 2016, wynn macau sa received an extension of its agreement with the macau government that provides for an annual payment of 12.8 million macau patacas (approximately $1.6 million) as complementary tax due by stockholders on dividend distributions through december 31, 2020.
we have participated in the internal revenue service ("irs") compliance assurance program ("cap") for the 2012 through 2019 tax years and will continue to participate in the irs cap for the 2020 tax year.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $188.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, compared to $230.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interests' share of net income from wml.
adjusted property ebitda we use adjusted property ebitda to manage the operating results of our segments. adjusted property ebitda is net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, litigation settlement expense, pre-opening expenses, property charges and other, management and license fees, corporate expenses and other (including intercompany golf course and water rights leases), stock-based compensation, (loss) gain on extinguishment of debt, change in derivatives fair value, change in redemption note fair value and other non-operating income and expenses. adjusted property ebitda is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because we believe that it is widely used to measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation, of gaming companies. we use adjusted property ebitda as a measure of the operating performance of our segments and to compare the operating performance of our properties with those of our competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. we also present adjusted property ebitda because it is used by some investors to measure a company's ability to incur and service debt, make capital expenditures and meet working capital requirements. gaming companies have historically reported ebitda as a supplement to gaap. in order to view the operations of their casinos on a more stand-alone basis, gaming companies, including wynn resorts, limited, have historically excluded from their ebitda calculations pre-opening expenses, property charges, corporate expenses and stock-based compensation, that do not relate to the management of specific casino properties. however, adjusted property ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to operating income as an indicator of the company's performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or as an alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with gaap. unlike net income, adjusted property ebitda does not include depreciation or interest expense and therefore does not reflect current or future capital expenditures or the cost of capital. the company has significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, interest payments, debt principal repayments, income taxes and other non-recurring charges, which are not reflected in adjusted property ebitda. also, the company's calculation of adjusted property ebitda may be different from the calculation methods used by other companies and, therefore, comparability may be limited.
the following table summarizes adjusted property ebitda (in thousands) for wynn palace, wynn macau, las vegas operations, and encore boston harbor as reviewed by management and summarized in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 19, "segment information." that footnote also presents a reconciliation of adjusted property ebitda to net income attributable to wynn resorts, limited.
years ended december 31,
2019                                          2018                                  increase/ (decrease)       percent change wynn palace                   $729,535                          $843,902             $(114,367)                 (13.6)
wynn macau                     648,837                           733,238               (84,401)                 (11.5)
las vegas operations           413,886                           467,273               (53,387)                 (11.4)
encore boston harbor            23,150                                 -                 23,150                      -
adjusted property ebitda at wynn palace decreased 13.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily due to a decrease in vip turnover and vip table games win.
47
adjusted property ebitda at wynn macau decreased 11.5% for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily due to a decrease in vip turnover and vip table games win and increased general and administrative expenses.
adjusted property ebitda at our las vegas operations decreased 11.4% for the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily due to decreased table drop and increased operating expenses.
adjusted property ebitda at encore boston harbor was $23.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. encore boston harbor opened on june 23, 2019.
refer to the discussions above regarding the specific details of our results of operations.
liquidity and capital resources our cash flows were as follows (in thousands):
years ended december 31, cash flows - summary                                                                              2019   2018
net cash provided by operating activities                                                $901,070                            $961,489
net cash used in investing activities:
capital expenditures, net of construction payables and retention                      (1,063,293)                         (1,475,972)
purchase of intangible and other assets                                                   (6,000)                           (126,414)
proceeds from the sale or maturity of investment securities                                     -                             359,461
purchase of investment securities                                                               -                            (34,098)
proceeds from sale of assets                                                                  695                              54,213
net cash used in investing activities                                                 (1,068,598)                         (1,222,810)
net cash used in financing activities:
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                                3,893,778                           2,788,925
repayments of long-term debt                                                          (2,930,015)                         (3,032,267)
proceeds from note receivable from sale of ownership interest in subsidiary                     -                              75,000
proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs                                   -                             915,240
repurchase of common stock                                                               (66,986)                           (159,544)
finance lease payment                                                                        (73)                                   -
proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                    14,696                              21,971
shares of subsidiary repurchased for share award plan                                     (5,384)                             (6,232)
dividends paid                                                                          (566,521)                           (569,781)
distribution to noncontrolling interest                                                   (7,745)                           (305,372)
payment to acquire derivatives                                                                  -                             (3,900)
payments for financing costs                                                             (32,738)                            (48,297)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                       299,012                           (324,257)
effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                       7,485                             (1,733)
increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                        $138,969                          $(587,311)
operating activities our operating cash flows primarily consist of operating income (excluding depreciation and amortization and other non-cash charges), interest paid and earned, and changes in working capital accounts such as receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses, and payables. our table games play is a mix of cash play and credit play, while our slot machine play is conducted primarily on a cash basis. a significant portion of our table games revenue is attributable to the play of a limited number of
48
premium international customers who gamble on credit. the ability to collect these gaming receivables may impact our operating cash flow for the period. our rooms, food and beverage, and entertainment, retail and other revenue is conducted on a cash and credit basis. accordingly, operating cash flows will be impacted by changes in operating income and accounts receivable, net.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, the decrease in net cash provided by operations was primarily driven by lower operating revenues at our macau operations and las vegas operations, offset by operating revenues from encore boston harbor.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, net cash provided by operations was impacted by a litigation settlement expense and a reduction in customer deposits at our macau operations.
investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2019, we incurred capital expenditures of $471.4 million at encore boston harbor, primarily related to the construction of the resort which opened in june 2019; $211.1 million related to the construction of the meeting and convention expansion and the reconfiguration of the golf course; $142.1 million at wynn macau primarily related to our encore tower room remodel and lakeside casino expansion; and $66.5 million and $96.9 million at wynn palace and our las vegas operations, respectively, primarily related to maintenance capital expenditures.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we incurred $1.48 billion in capital expenditures, net of construction payables and retention, driven by capital expenditures of $791.3 million related to encore boston harbor and $247.0 million for the acquisition of land on the las vegas strip directly across from wynn las vegas. capital expenditures were offset by net proceeds from the sale or maturity of investment securities of $325.4 million.
financing activities during the first quarter of 2019 we borrowed an additional $250.0 million term loan under the wynn resorts term loan. during the third quarter of 2019, in connection with the refinancing transactions described below, we repaid $991.3 million of outstanding principal under the wynn america credit facilities and $746.3 million of outstanding principal under the wynn resorts term loan along with related financing costs, using proceeds from the borrowing of $1.03 billion under the wrf credit facilities and the issuance of $750.0 million of 2029 wrf notes. during the fourth quarter of 2019, we received net proceeds of $990.2 million from the issuance of the wml 2029 notes. throughout the year ended december 31, 2019, we repaid $273.9 million, net of amounts borrowed, on the wynn macau revolver. in addition, we used cash of $566.5 million for the payment of dividends, of which $400.6 million was paid to wynn resorts shareholders and $165.9 million was paid to wml shareholders, excluding wynn resorts.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we repaid the redemption note principal amount of $1.94 billion using cash on hand and amounts borrowed under a wynn resorts bridge facility and the wa senior revolving credit facility. in april 2018, we repaid all amounts borrowed under the wynn resorts bridge facility and the wa senior revolving credit facility using net proceeds of $915.2 million from a registered public equity offering. in addition, we borrowed $623.9 million under the wynn macau revolver, $615.0 million under the retail term loan, $500.0 million under the wynn resorts term loan, and we used cash of $569.8 million for the payment of dividends and $305.4 million for distributions to noncontrolling interest holders of the retail joint venture. in the fourth quarter, the company repurchased 1,478,552 shares of its common stock for approximately $156.7 million.
49
capital resources the following table summarizes our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and available revolver borrowing capacity. refer to item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 7, "long-term debt" in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information regarding each of the company's debt agreements. the following table is presented by significant financing entity as of december 31, 2019 (in thousands):
cash and cash equivalents   revolver borrowing capacity wynn resorts (macau) s.a. and subsidiaries                       $799,178              $399,263
wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries (1)                        1,009,702              -
wynn resorts finance, llc and subsidiaries (2)                    123,733              831,950
wynn resorts, limited and other                                   419,291              -
total                                                          $2,351,904              $1,231,213
(1) excluding wynn resorts (macau) s.a. and subsidiaries.
(2) excluding wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries.
wynn resorts (macau) s.a. and subsidiaries. wynn resorts (macau) s.a. ("wynn macau sa") generates cash from our macau operations and utilizes its revolver to fund short term working capital requirements as needed. we expect to use this cash to service our existing wynn macau credit facilities, make distributions to wml, and fund working capital and capital expenditure requirements at our macau operations.
wynn macau completed its encore tower room remodel and opened a significant portion of its lakeside casino expansion in the fourth quarter of 2019; as such, we do not expect to incur significant ongoing capital expenditures for these projects. the company is currently in the design phase for the crystal pavilion, an expansion of wynn palace. we do not expect to incur significant capital expenditures related to the construction of this project until late 2021.
in connection with wml's issuance of the wml 2029 notes described below, we expect to repay approximately $1.0 billion of the wynn macau term loan over the next two years, subject to generating sufficient operating cash flow from our macau operations. in february 2020, wynn macau sa prepaid $150.0 million of the wynn macau term loan, and the future contractual amortization payments were reduced on a pro-rata basis.
wml is dependent on wynn macau sa's ability to make periodic distributions in order to facilitate its debt service requirements and to pay dividends to its shareholders, which includes wynn resorts. the wynn macau credit facilities contain customary negative and financial covenants, including, but not limited to, leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio tests (as defined in the wynn macau credit facilities) that could restrict its ability to make distributions to wml and incur additional indebtedness. wynn macau sa is required to maintain a leverage ratio of not greater than 4.75 to 1, 4.25 to 1, and 4.00 to 1 for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2018, december 31, 2019, and december 31, 2020 and thereafter, respectively, and an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.00 to 1 at any time. for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2019, wynn macau sa complied with these ratios.
wynn macau, limited and subsidiaries. wynn macau, limited ("wml") primarily generates cash through distributions from wynn macau sa. we expect to use this cash to service our existing wml notes, pay dividends to shareholders of wml (of which we own approximately 72%), and fund working capital requirements at wml.
in december 2019, wml issued at par $1.0 billion of 5 1/8% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the "wml 2029 notes"). the company expects to use an equivalent amount of the net proceeds from the wml 2029 notes to facilitate the repayment of $1.0 billion of the wynn macau term loan as described above.
on june 19, 2019 and september 16, 2019, wml paid cash dividends of hk$0.45 per share each for a total of $596.0 million. the company's share of these dividends was $430.1 million with the remaining $165.9 million paid to wml's public shareholders.
if our portion of our cash and cash equivalents were repatriated to the u.s. on december 31, 2019, it would be subject to minimal u.s. taxes in the year of repatriation.
wynn resorts finance, llc and subsidiaries. wynn resorts finance, llc (formerly known as wynn america, llc) ("wrf" or "wynn resorts finance") generates cash from distributions from its subsidiaries, which include our macau
50
operations, wynn las vegas, and encore boston harbor, and contributions from wynn resorts, as required. in addition, wrf may utilize its available revolving borrowing capacity as needed. we expect to use this cash to service our wrf credit facilities, 2029 wrf notes, and wlv notes, make distributions to wynn resorts, and to fund working capital and capital expenditure requirements.
in 2020, wynn las vegas will undergo a room remodel of the wynn tower, which we expect to complete before the end of the first quarter of 2021. in addition, wynn las vegas is developing three new food and beverage concepts, which are expected to be open by the end of 2020. we expect to incur between $225 million and $250 million of capital expenditures associated with these projects.
on september 20, 2019, wrf and its subsidiary wynn resorts capital corp. (collectively with wrf, the "wrf issuers"), each an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the company, issued at par $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5 1/8% senior notes due 2029 (the "2029 wrf notes"). concurrently with the issuance of the 2029 wrf notes, wrf entered into a credit agreement (the "wrf credit agreement") providing for a new first lien term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion (the "wrf term loan") and a new first lien revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $850.0 million (the "wrf revolver" and together with the wrf term loan, the "wrf credit facilities") (the wrf credit facilities and 2029 wrf notes are collectively referred to as the "refinancing transactions"). wynn resorts finance used the net proceeds from the refinancing transactions to refinance the existing wynn america credit facilities and the wynn resorts term loan and to pay related fees and expenses. see item 8 - note 7, "long-term debt" for further discussion of the refinancing transactions.
on february 1, 2020, wrf purchased the meeting and convention expansion from a subsidiary of wynn resorts at fair value, which was determined to be $366.0 million, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. wrf drew $366.0 million under the wrf revolver to fund this purchase.
wrf is a holding company and, as a result, its ability to pay dividends to wynn resorts is dependent on wrf receiving distributions from its subsidiaries, which include wml, wynn las vegas, llc and wynn ma, llc (the owner and operator of encore boston harbor). the wrf credit facilities contain customary negative and financial covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants that restrict wrf's ability to pay dividends or distributions and incur additional indebtedness. wrf may make ordinary course dividends or distributions to wynn resorts in an amount not to exceed $1.0 billion in any fiscal year, with certain carryover provisions for unused amounts from the two preceding fiscal years. in addition, wrf may distribute an amount greater than $1.0 billion in any fiscal year subject to certain other conditions.
the 2029 wrf notes' indenture contains covenants that limit the ability of the wrf issuers and the guarantors to, among other things, create or incur liens to secure debt in excess of the greater of $1.85 billion or an amount that would cause the consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio (as defined in the indenture) to be greater than 3.00 to 1.00.
each of the wlv notes' indentures contain negative covenants and financial covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants limiting their issuers' and guarantors' ability to create liens on assets to secure debt; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; and merge or consolidate with another company. the 2027 wlv notes' indenture also provides that wynn resorts finance may assume all of wynn las vegas, llc's obligations under the 2027 wlv notes' indenture and the 2027 wlv notes if certain conditions are met.
wynn resorts, limited and other subsidiaries. wynn resorts, limited is a holding company and, as a result, our ability to pay dividends is dependent on our ability to obtain funds and our subsidiaries' ability to provide funds to us. wynn resorts, limited and other primarily generates cash from royalty and management agreements with our resorts, dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries, and the operations of the retail joint venture of which we own 50.1%. we expect to use this cash to service our retail term loan, fund the remaining construction of the meeting and convention expansion, and continue to pay dividends, subject to reassessment and approval by our board of directors.
on february 26, 2019, the company paid a cash dividend of $0.75 and on may 30, 2019, august 27, 2019 and november 22, 2019, the company paid cash dividends of $1.00 per share, respectively, for a total of $403.0 million of dividends paid during the year ended december 31, 2019.
51
other factors affecting liquidity we may refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of the indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all.
legal proceedings in which we are involved also may impact our liquidity. no assurance can be provided as to the outcome of such proceedings. in addition, litigation inherently involves significant costs. for information regarding legal proceedings, see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 17, "commitments and contingencies."
our board of directors has authorized an equity repurchase program of up to $1.0 billion. under the equity repurchase program, we may repurchase the company's outstanding shares from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, and under plans complying with rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the exchange act. as of december 31, 2019, we had $800.1 million in repurchase authority remaining under the program.
we have in the past repurchased, and in the future, we may periodically consider repurchasing our outstanding notes for cash. the amount of any notes to be repurchased, as well as the timing of any repurchases, will be based on business, market and other conditions and factors, including price, contractual requirements or consents, and capital availability.
new business developments or other unforeseen events may occur, resulting in the need to raise additional funds. we continue to explore opportunities to develop additional gaming or related businesses in domestic and international markets. there can be no assurances regarding the business prospects with respect to any other opportunity. any new development may require us to obtain additional financing. we may decide to conduct any such development through wynn resorts, limited or through subsidiaries separate from the las vegas, boston or macau-related entities.
off balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions with special purpose entities nor do we engage in any derivatives except for an interest rate collar associated with our retail term loan. we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity. as of december 31, 2019, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling $18.1 million.
contractual commitments the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual commitments as of december 31, 2019 (in thousands):
payments due by period less                        1 to 3                        4 to 5                         after                        total than                         years                         years                       5 years
1 year long-term debt obligations (1)                                $323,876                    $2,478,896                    $1,937,500                    $5,775,000                   $10,515,272
fixed interest payments                                        325,538                       651,075                       610,117                       676,172                     2,262,902
estimated variable interest payments (2)                       153,937                       233,262                        91,711                        11,951                       490,861
construction contracts and commitments                         173,251                             -                             -                             -                       173,251
operating leases                                                27,908                        47,731                        36,606                       464,903                       577,148
finance leases                                                   1,203                         2,406                         2,406                        66,287                        72,302
employment agreements                                           69,981                        51,650                         2,807                             -                       124,438
massachusetts surrounding community payments (3)                10,806                        22,097                        22,914                       112,496                       168,313
other (4)                                                      212,666                       109,414                        10,091                             -                       332,171
total contractual commitments                               $1,299,166                    $3,596,531                    $2,714,152                    $7,106,809                   $14,716,658
(1) includes $150.0 million related to the prepayment of the wynn macau term loan paid in february 2020.
(2) amounts for all periods represent our estimated future interest payments on our debt facilities based upon amounts outstanding and libor or hibor rates as of december 31, 2019. actual rates will vary.
(3) represents payments to certain communities surrounding encore boston harbor, required as a condition of the gaming license awarded to wynn ma, llc.
(4) other includes open purchase orders, future charitable contributions, fixed gaming tax payments in macau, performance contracts and other contracts. as further discussed in item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 13, "income taxes," we had $104.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2019. due to the inherent uncertainty of the underlying tax positions, it is not practicable to assign this liability to any particular year and therefore it is not included in the table above as of december 31, 2019.
52
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap involves the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. certain of our accounting policies require management to apply significant judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates and on an ongoing basis, management evaluates those estimates. judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. however, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and therefore actual results could differ from our estimates.
development, construction and property, and equipment estimates during the construction and development of a resort, pre-opening or start-up costs are expensed when incurred. in connection with the construction and development of our resorts, significant start-up costs are incurred and charged to pre-opening costs through their respective openings. once our resorts open, expenses associated with the opening of the resorts are no longer charged as pre-opening costs.
during the construction and development stage, direct costs such as those incurred for the design and construction of our resorts, including applicable portions of interest, are capitalized. accordingly, the recorded amounts of property and equipment increase significantly during construction periods. depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method. we determine the estimated useful lives based on our experience with similar assets, estimates of the usage of the asset and other factors specific to the asset. depreciation expense related to capitalized construction costs and fixed assets commences when the related assets are placed in service. the remaining estimated useful lives of assets are periodically reviewed and adjusted as necessary.
costs of repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. the cost and accumulated depreciation of property and equipment retired or otherwise disposed of are eliminated from the respective accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in property charges and other.
we also evaluate our property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment in accordance with applicable accounting standards. for assets to be disposed of we recognize the asset at the lower of carrying value or fair market value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, solicited offers, or a discounted cash flow model. for assets to be held and used, we review for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. in reviewing for impairment, we compare the estimated future cash flows of the asset, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of the asset. if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, an impairment is recorded based on the fair value of the asset, typically measured using a discounted cash flow model. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs. all recognized impairment losses, whether for assets to be disposed of or assets to be held and used, are recorded as operating expenses.
allowance for estimated doubtful accounts receivable a substantial portion of our outstanding receivables relates to casino credit play. credit play, through the issuance of markers, represents a significant portion of the table games volume at our las vegas operations. while offered, the issuance of credit at our macau operations and encore boston harbor is less significant when compared to las vegas. our goal is to maintain strict controls over the issuance of credit and aggressively pursue collection from those customers who fail to pay their balances in a timely fashion. these collection efforts may include the mailing of statements and delinquency notices, personal contacts, the use of outside collection agencies and litigation. markers issued at our las vegas operations and encore boston harbor are generally legally enforceable instruments in the united states, and united states assets of foreign customers may be used to satisfy judgments entered in the united states.
the enforceability of markers and other forms of credit related to gaming debt outside of the united states varies from country to country. some foreign countries do not recognize the enforceability of gaming related debt, or make enforcement burdensome. we closely consider the likelihood and difficulty of enforceability, among other factors, when issuing credit to customers who are not residents of the united states. in addition to our internal credit and collection departments, we have a network of legal, accounting and collection professionals to assist us in our determinations regarding enforceability and our overall collection efforts.
53
we regularly evaluate our reserve for bad debts based on a specific review of customer accounts and outstanding gaming promoter accounts as well as management's prior experience with collection trends in the casino industry and current economic and business conditions. in determining our allowance for estimated doubtful accounts receivable, we apply loss factors based on historical marker collection history to aged account balances and we specifically analyze the collectability of each account with a balance over a specified dollar amount, based upon the age, the customer's financial condition, collection history and any other known information.
the following table presents key statistics related to our casino accounts receivable (dollars in thousands):
december 31,
2019                                                                                                    2018
casino accounts receivable                                        $304,137                      $229,594
allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable                  $37,652                       $31,263
allowance as a percentage of casino accounts receivable               12.4   %                      13.6   %
our reserve for doubtful casino accounts receivable is based on our estimates of amounts collectible and depends on the risk assessments and judgments by management regarding realizability, the state of the economy and our credit policy. our reserve methodology is applied similarly to credit extended at each of our resorts. as of december 31, 2019 and 2018, 61.0% and 57.9%, respectively, of our outstanding casino accounts receivable balance originated at our macau operations, the majority of which relates to advances to gaming promoters, which are settled within five days of period end.
as of december 31, 2019, a 100 basis point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of casino accounts receivable would change the provision for doubtful accounts by approximately $3.0 million.
as our customer payment experience evolves, we will continue to refine our estimated reserve for bad debts. accordingly, the associated provision for doubtful accounts may fluctuate. because individual customer account balances can be significant, the reserve and the provision can change significantly between periods as we become aware of additional information about a customer or changes occur in a region's economy or legal system.
litigation and contingency estimates we are subject to various claims, legal actions and other contingencies, and we accrue for these matters when they are both probable and estimable. for matters that arose on or prior to the balance sheet date, we estimate any accruals based on the relevant facts and circumstances available through the date of issuance of the financial statements. we include the accruals associated with any contingent matters in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and other foreign jurisdictions where we operate. accounting standards require the recognition of deferred tax assets, net of applicable reserves, and liabilities for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on the income tax provision and deferred tax assets and liabilities generally is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. accounting standards require recognition of a future tax benefit to the extent that realization of such benefit is more likely than not. otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied.
as of december 31, 2019, we have a foreign tax credit ("ftc") carryforward of $3.1 billion and a deferred tax asset related to interest expense carryforwards of $88.3 million. as of december 31, 2019, we have recorded valuation allowances of $2.51 billion and $88.3 million, respectively, against the ftc carryforward and disallowed interest expense carryforward assets based on our estimate of future realization. the ftcs are attributable to the macau special gaming tax, which is 35% of gross gaming revenue in macau. in the assessment of the valuation allowance, appropriate consideration was given to all positive and negative evidence including recent operating profitability, forecasts of future earnings, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and tax planning strategies.
54
our income tax returns are subject to examination by the irs and other tax authorities in the locations where we operate. we assess potentially unfavorable outcomes of such examinations based on accounting standards for uncertain income taxes. the accounting standards prescribe a minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements.
uncertain tax position accounting standards apply to all tax positions related to income taxes. these accounting standards utilize a two-step approach for evaluating tax positions. the tax benefit is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement.
as applicable, we recognize accrued penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes.
recently adopted accounting standards and accounting standards issued but not yet adopted see item 8-"financial statements and supplementary data," note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies."
