Abbvie relies on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems to operate its business. These systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, disruption, degradation or breakdown. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may result in the failure of critical business operations or may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to Abbvie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Although Abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in Abbvie's information technology systems that could adversely affect Abbvie's business. Such adverse consequences could include loss of revenue, or the loss of critical or sensitive information from Abbvie's or third-party providers' databases or IT systems and could also result in legal, financial, reputational or business harm to Abbvie and potentially substantial remediation costs. Abbvie's success is largely dependent on its continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical R&D, governmental regulation and commercialization. Competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. Abbvie cannot be sure that it will be able to attract and retain quality personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase. Additionally, Abbvie's business is subject to numerous governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a pharmaceutical product can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs. Abbvie's products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous international, supranational, federal and state authorities. The company must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. Possible regulatory actions could result in substantial modifications to Abbvie's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls or seizures of Abbvie's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of Abbvie's or its suppliers' facilities while Abbvie or its supplier remedies the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future approvals; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. Any of these events could disrupt Abbvie's business and have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations. Furthermore, Abbvie's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions.