Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving distribution models, disruptive technology developments, and customer price sensitivity. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely manner, and meet changing customer expectations and needs. The process of developing and acquiring new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. We must make long-term investments, develop, acquire or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand. Additionally, any delay in the development, acquisition, marketing, or launch of a new offering could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenue and weakening our competitive position. Integration of our products and services with one another and other companies' offerings creates an increasingly complex ecosystem that is partly reliant on third parties. If any disruptive technology or competing products achieve widespread acceptance, our operating results could suffer. We process and store significant amounts of employee and customer data, and security breaches in data centers we manage may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of this data. Unauthorized access to or loss of data may occur through breaches of secure networks, software vulnerabilities, or employee misconduct. If there were an inadvertent disclosure of customer data, our operations could be disrupted, our reputation could be damaged, and we could be subject to claims or regulatory investigations. We rely on data centers managed both by us and third parties to host and deliver our services, and any interruptions or failures in these hosted services could expose us to liability and harm our business. Our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by various factors, including security breaches or significant variability in visitor traffic. We may also find that we cannot deliver data and reports to our customers in near real-time due to spikes in customer activity or failures of our network. If we fail to plan infrastructure capacity appropriately and experience a rapid demand on our data centers, service outages could occur, resulting in customer dissatisfaction and harm to our business. We continue to hire personnel in countries where exceptional technical knowledge is offered, which increases the efficiency of our global workforce structure. However, competition for these employees has increased, impacting our ability to retain them and increasing our expenses. Our corporate culture, which fosters innovation and employee satisfaction, may be difficult to maintain as we grow and integrate new employees and businesses. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future investments or acquisitions, and integration of acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. Our relationships with strategic partners become increasingly valuable as our offerings expand, and if these relationships were to terminate, our business could be harmed. Our ability to comply with laws and regulations globally may also impact our business, as we are subject to various laws related to data security, privacy practices, and corporate governance.