We rely on information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities, and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications, and email. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, employee malfeasance, user errors, catastrophes, or other unforeseen events. We also rely upon external cloud providers for certain infrastructure activities. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in the information technology systems that involve our internal communications or our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. We may also be subject to security breaches of our information technology systems and certain of our products caused by viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by third parties or our employees or contractors. Our security measures or those of our third-party service providers may not detect or prevent security breaches, defects, bugs, or errors. In addition, we provide our confidential and proprietary information to our strategic partners in certain cases where doing so is necessary to conduct our business. While we employ confidentiality agreements to protect such information, those third parties may nonetheless also be subject to security breaches or otherwise compromise the protection of such information. Security breaches of our information technology systems or those of our partners could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential and proprietary information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, suppliers, or other third parties which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce, and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings, and therefore, we expect to continue to make significant research and development investments in the future. Our growth is also dependent on our ability to identify and penetrate new markets where we have limited experience yet require significant investments, resources, and technological advancements in order to compete effectively. We may not be able to compete successfully in markets within the semiconductor industry in the future. We face intense competition in the semiconductor industry, and we expect this competition to increase in the future, including from companies located outside of the United States. Competition is generally based on innovation, design, quality and reliability of products, product performance, features and functionality, product pricing, availability and capacity, technological service and support, and the availability of integrated system solutions. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and financial, business, and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our outstanding debt, we may be required to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, or divert funds that would otherwise be invested in growing our business operations.