Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment grows increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our systems, applications, solutions and services may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. We need to properly manage our systems, applications and solutions, and any upgrades, enhancements and expansions we may undertake from time to time, in order to ensure they properly support our businesses. If any of these systems, applications or solutions fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. The efficiencies driving margin performance are the result of our continued successful execution of our broader transformation initiatives, including improvements in our systems infrastructure spend and automation efforts. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology, solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in product development. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept. We may not realize or sustain the expected benefits from our business transformation initiatives, and these efforts could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations and competitive position. We are reshaping the HCM industry with leading innovations like our next-gen platforms and driving growth through our strategic cloud-based HCM solutions. As the HCM market continues to evolve rapidly, we remain focused on rethinking a better, more personalized world at work and helping our clients and their workers achieve their full potential. Our voluntary early retirement program and workforce optimization initiatives are yielding operating efficiencies in conjunction with our service alignment initiative, which is focused on changing how we work. We are positioned to maintain our positive momentum into fiscal 2020 through our investments in technology, service, and distribution. The increase in interest earned on funds held for clients resulted from the increase in our average interest rate earned, coupled with the increase in our average client funds balances. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity.