This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures may affect our profitability. Continued intense public scrutiny of the price of drugs and other healthcare costs, together with payer dynamics, may limit our ability to set or adjust the price of our products based on their value, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Changing U.S. federal coverage and reimbursement policies and practices have affected and may continue to affect access to and sales of our products. Our business has and will continue to be affected by legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. The administration's drug-pricing blueprint released in May 2018 contains an array of policy ideas intended to increase competition, improve the negotiating power of the federal government, reduce drug prices, and lower patient out-of-pocket costs with the potential to significantly affect our industry. Our business activities outside of the United States are subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems, including cloud services and network-connected control systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, or serviced by third parties. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs, and affect our reputation. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes, and our product sales and distribution processes. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems makes them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. Our systems also contain and utilize a high volume of sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, financial information, regulatory information, strategic plans, sales trends, and forecasts. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical or sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations. We are also subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection is continuously evolving and developing and the subject of significant attention globally. Failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.