We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, with many competitors across geographies and industries, including e-commerce and digital content. Some competitors may secure better terms from vendors and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, and marketing. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks, including potential claims if customers experience service disruptions or failures. We experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, which depend on the continued growth of demand for our products and services. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy their demands is crucial. The timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure directly impact our operational efficiency. We seek to invest efficiently in technology and content, including AWS, to enhance the customer experience and improve process efficiencies. Our technology and content costs reflect our investments to offer a wide variety of products and services. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we add employees and technology infrastructure. Our technology infrastructure supports both internal requirements and external sales to AWS customers. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory, and our ability to negotiate acceptable terms with these companies could negatively impact our operating results. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers, as failures to adequately predict customer demand can result in increased costs and impairment charges. Our reliance on third-party technology and systems for various functions, including encryption and authentication, exposes us to risks of data loss or security breaches. We have developed systems and processes designed to protect customer information, but such measures cannot provide absolute security. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that can prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders. Our international operations expose us to risks, including local economic and political conditions and government regulation. The complexity of our operations places significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources, and failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation and limit our growth. We are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to our contracts with government entities. Our ability to offer products on favorable terms and manage inventory is critical to our success. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and leverage our fixed costs, which include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure. Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows, driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing working capital. We believe that advances in technology, particularly in processing power and artificial intelligence, will continue to improve the consumer experience and increase the ubiquity of the internet in people's lives. Our liquidity is affected by restricted cash balances, and we continually evaluate opportunities to secure additional financing or issue additional equity or debt securities.