The cloud networking market is rapidly evolving, and our ability to provide cloud networking solutions that address the needs of end customers more effectively and economically than those of competitors is critical. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. We have experienced reduced and volatile demand from certain large end customers, which could impact our future revenue growth. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively, which includes improving our operational, financial, and management controls and implementing more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems. We continue to invest in research and development to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model focuses on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS, which allows us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics. The programmability of EOS has enabled rapid integration with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. Our ability to attract new large end customers and sell additional products and services to existing end customers is essential for revenue growth. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through acquisitions and research and development efforts. If we fail to successfully carry out these initiatives, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely impacted. Our relationships with strategic alliance partners or suppliers may shift as industry dynamics change, which could lead to variability in our results of operations and impact the pricing of our solutions. We rely on our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in a rapidly evolving market requires that we successfully release new products that meet the increasingly sophisticated networking requirements of our end customers. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers to build our products exposes us to risks related to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time. We increasingly depend upon our IT systems to conduct virtually all of our business operations, and any breaches of our cybersecurity systems could degrade our ability to conduct business operations and deliver products and services to our customers. Our business operations also depend on the success of third parties' cybersecurity measures, and we face risks associated with malicious software, phishing schemes, and other social engineering methods. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our end customers and our ability to sell these products to new and existing customers. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on various factors, including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing and manufacturing-related costs.