We are dependent on a few key people for our major investment and capital allocation decisions. Major investment decisions and all major capital allocation decisions are made by Warren E. Buffett, in consultation with Charles T. Munger. Our decentralized business model requires qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our inability to recruit and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition, and liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. Each of our operating businesses faces intense competition within markets in which they operate. While we manage our businesses with the objective of achieving long-term sustainable growth by developing and strengthening competitive advantages, many factors, including technological changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Certain of our information systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks, and other cyber-attacks. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, and an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users. We have taken steps intended to mitigate these risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning, and business impact analysis. However, a significant disruption or cyber intrusion could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt, or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Cyber-attacks could further adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology, and business systems, or compromise confidential customer and employee information. Political, economic, social, or financial market instability or damage to or interference with our operating assets, customers, or suppliers from cyber-attacks may result in business interruptions, lost revenues, and higher commodity prices. Our insurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Such regulations may relate to the types of business that can be written, the rates that can be charged for coverage, the level of capital that must be maintained, and restrictions on the types and size of investments that can be made. Changes in regulations related to these or other matters or regulatory actions imposing restrictions on our insurance businesses may adversely impact our results of operations and restrict our ability to allocate capital. Our utilities and energy businesses require significant amounts of capital to construct, operate, and maintain generation, transmission, and distribution systems to meet their customers' needs and reliability criteria. We are also subject to equity price risk with respect to our equity index put option contracts. The fair values of our investment portfolios and equity index put option contracts remain subject to considerable volatility.