Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by intense competition and rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry. It is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. We will need to apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. The medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change, which may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and negatively impact our net sales. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, and economic pressures experienced by our customers. These factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products, or medical procedure volumes. Our ability to develop new products and enhance existing products requires significant research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming. We focus our research and development programs largely on the development of next-generation and novel technology offerings across multiple programs and businesses. The development of new products and enhancements of existing products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. We are continuing to investigate and have completed several acquisitions that involve opportunities to further expand our presence in and diversify into priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, and government contracting requirements will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition and exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services. We rely on information technology systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems, products, and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches, could result in unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property, or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations.