Our operations are highly dependent on our information systems and technology, and we rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs, and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The rapid development and fluidity of the cybersecurity situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of potential breaches. We have become increasingly reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain information systems and technology, including cloud-based services. These third-party service providers could also face ongoing cybersecurity threats and compromises of their systems, and as a result, unauthorized individuals could gain access to certain confidential data. Our technology, data, and intellectual property, as well as that of our portfolio companies, are subject to a heightened risk of theft or compromise, particularly in jurisdictions that do not provide comparable levels of protection for proprietary information and assets. The management of our business requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, and current and future business relationships. The assessment of whether we consolidate a blackstone fund or investment vehicle we manage requires the application of significant judgment, including determining whether our management fees, incentive fees, or performance allocations represent variable interests. The change in the fair value of the investments held by certain blackstone funds is a significant input into the calculation of certain of our management fees, incentive fees, performance allocations, and the related compensation we recognize. The fair value of investments or instruments that are not publicly traded is determined using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis and assumptions that we believe market participants would use to determine fair value. Our primary methodology for determining the fair values of such investments is the income approach, which provides an indication of fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business, security, or property is expected to generate in the future. The success of our technology deployment and the efficacy of our investment and trading strategies depend largely on our ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination of financial instruments. Our hedge fund solutions segment operates multiple business lines, manages strategies that are both long and short asset classes, and generates a majority of its revenue through management fees. The segment's revenues will depend in part on our ability to successfully grow such existing diverse business lines and strategies and identify new ones to meet evolving investor appetites. Our strategic initiatives may include, among other things, initiatives seeking to expand our and our portfolio companies' data science capabilities, which require a robust legal and compliance framework. The performance of our funds' portfolio companies would likely be negatively impacted if pressure on wages and other inputs increasingly pressure profit margins.