Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, employees, investors, and government authorities. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, or if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of flex and sky q set-top boxes and wireless gateways. The proliferation of OTT service providers complicates the competitive landscape by influencing consumer behavior and challenging existing business models. The continuing trend of OTT service providers delivering their content directly to consumers over the internet rather than through traditional video distribution services continues to disrupt traditional video distribution business models. We believe our x1 platform helps us compete more effectively against this competition, and we have also continued to employ sales and marketing programs, such as promotions, bundled service offerings, and service offerings targeted at specific market segments. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations, and sell our products and services. Our businesses are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions. The risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many of our businesses, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content at NBCUniversal and Sky, in our films and for new theme parks and theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance. Our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We are subject to various laws and regulations at the international, federal, state, and local levels. Our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms, such as on-demand or streaming services. We expect our capital expenditures for 2020 will be focused on the continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment; increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, cloud DVR technology, Sky Q, and international OTT platforms.