We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, and data, including our Kite Konnect platform, which is critical to ensure chain of identity and chain of custody of Yescarta. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers, or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, which could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. While we have invested, and continue to invest, in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our partners and vendors, will prevent future service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems. Such interruptions or breaches could adversely affect our business and operations and/or cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, which could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. Regulators globally are also imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines for privacy violations. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that became effective in Europe in 2018 established regulations regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. In addition, new domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) that became effective in January 2020, similarly introduce requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with CCPA may result in liability through private actions and enforcement. The GDPR, CCPA, and other changes, or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information, including in some cases healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate. We rely on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics, and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies, or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business. We depend on third-party manufacturers and corporate partners to perform manufacturing activities effectively and on a timely basis for the majority of our solid dose products. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. Our operations outside of the United States are accompanied by certain financial, political, economic, and other risks, including exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Our ability to operate effectively in this environment is contingent on our IT capabilities, which must evolve to support our strategic objectives and operational needs.