Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. These transactions, as well as the information technology services we provide to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards. The implementation of higher capital requirements, more stringent requirements relating to liquidity, long-term debt and total loss-absorbing capacity and the prohibition on proprietary trading and the sponsorship of, or investment in, covered funds by the Volcker Rule may continue to adversely affect our profitability and competitive position, particularly if these requirements do not apply equally to our competitors or are not implemented uniformly across jurisdictions. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. Our operational systems and infrastructure, or those of third parties, as well as human error, malfeasance or other misconduct, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. We have invested significant resources into the development of electronic trading systems and expect to continue to do so, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return on our investment, particularly given the generally lower commissions arising from electronic trades. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new trading technology may adversely affect our business and may increase competition. We utilize credit underwriting models in connection with our businesses, including our consumer-oriented activities. Allegations, whether or not accurate, that the ultimate underwriting decisions do not treat consumers or clients fairly, or comply with the applicable law or regulation, can result in negative publicity, reputational damage and governmental and regulatory scrutiny. We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, and expect to continue to do so. If and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. Our approach to asset-liability management includes conservatively managing the overall characteristics of our funding book, with a focus on maintaining long-term, diversified sources of funding in excess of our current requirements. Our risk management structure is built around three core components: governance, processes and people. We have established a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our operational risk management framework is in part designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance.