Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions. We also face operational risk from transactions not being properly recorded, evaluated, or accounted for in our funds. Our public markets business line is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient, and accurate manner. Our and our third-party service providers' information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks, and the cost of maintaining such systems and technology may increase from our current level. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems and on the systems of third parties who provide services to us. If any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber-security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. We may be exposed to a more significant risk if these acts are taken by state actors. We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors that we do not control for hosting solutions and technologies. A disaster or a disruption in technology or infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us, our vendors, or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our principal offices, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. Our strategic initiatives include joint ventures or the acquisition of minority interests in third parties, in which case we will be subject to additional risks and uncertainties in that we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses, or reputational damage relating to, systems, controls, and personnel that are not under our control. Our growth strategy is based, in part, on the expansion of our platform through selective investment in, and development or acquisition of, businesses, products, and investment strategies complementary to our business. The expansion into new products and geographies has demanded greater management attention and dedication of resources to manage the increasing complexity of operations and regulatory compliance. We may not be successful in executing upon or managing the complexities of new investment strategies, markets, and businesses, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.