Failure, inadequacy, or breach of our information technology systems, infrastructure, and business information or violations of data protection laws could result in material harm to our business and reputation. A great deal of confidential information owned by both us and our business partners is stored in our information systems, networks, and facilities or those of third parties. We also rely to a large extent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems, infrastructure, and hardware to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information and other data. Maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our IT systems and confidential information is vital to our business. IT systems are vulnerable to system inadequacies, operating failures, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, or cyber-attacks from a variety of sources. Cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, mitigate, or prevent. Breaches resulting in the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and services, can occur in a variety of ways, including but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and information, or wrongful conduct by hackers, competitors, certain governments, or other current or former company personnel. Our third-party partners face similar risks. The failure or inadequacy of our IT systems, the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and services that rely on IT systems, could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure, or in the interruption or failure of products or services that rely on IT systems; damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation; and cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages. Unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could expose us to significant sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations around the world and could damage public trust in our company. We continue to implement measures in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent these risks and to enhance the resiliency of our IT systems; however, these measures may not be successful. If they are not successful, any of these events could result in material financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to our business. We rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product development, manufacture, commercialization, support for information technology systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements; may not produce reliable results; may not perform in a timely manner; may not maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our confidential and proprietary information; may experience disruption or fail to perform due to information technology system vulnerabilities, breaches, or cyber-attacks; or may fail to perform at all. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, privacy, security, or other obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our business.