Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we utilize to manage our business. As a result, our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as well as investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support our growth strategy. These investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. In addition, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. We also depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. If these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. We must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. The threat comes from traditional players, such as insurers, through disintermediation as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies, "insurtech" start-up companies, and others. These players are focused on using technology and innovation, including artificial intelligence, digital platforms, data analytics, robotics, and blockchain, to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models, and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted, and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit, and store electronic information. Our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage, or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyberattacks, computer viruses, and other malware. We could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, sensitive client or company data are compromised, or if we fail to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. We face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. The latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. Our systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities. The volume of new software vulnerabilities has increased markedly, as has the criticality of patches and other remedial measures. We are also dependent on third-party vendors to keep their systems patched and secure in order to protect our data. Any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business. In operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we store and transfer sensitive employee and client data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. We leverage systems and applications that are spread all over the world, requiring us to regularly move data across national borders. The challenges we face in the EU will likely also apply to other jurisdictions that adopt laws similar to the GDPR or regulatory frameworks of equivalent complexity.